While the world moves around him, Ryushi continues to pursue his own course. The Sidereal assassin at the Heptagram bore two Hearthstones, and the would-be sorcerer puts his acquired Hearthstone compass to good use.

But during this time, Ryu also happens to stare at the crimson gem that is the remnant of the fallen god whose fate has become intertwined with his own. It is a product of Essence, as are Hearthstones, and Essence has its own unique properties and its own living qualities. A thought takes hold of his mind, and he abandons Alphapolis entirely.

Out in the desert, he sits, wearing nothing but a ritually cleansed cloth, his hair wild and long without the usual braid to restrain it. He leaves Daoyang behind and commands that none disturb him. And after three days of fasting and meditation, he feels what he seeks. The gem still pulses. The 'little dragon' of Essence still stirs.

Returning, Ryushi makes his plan known to Ami. Together they will make changes to the Hearthstone compass that Ryu recovered. Ami will do the work on the wonder, while Ryushi will nurture the little dragon, drawing out the faint glimmering of power that still resides there.

The gemstone is not properly sized for the compass, nor is it the sort of magic the compass is traditionally used to track. Nevertheless the two Solars manage to fit it. And as Ami begins attending to the technical requirements of establishing a fix, Ryushi focuses his own Essence in a complex pattern around the gem, his Caste Mark lighting the way.

The findings are quite interesting. First, Ryushi learns the location of the stones. For one, it is far to the east, and for the other, to the north and west, where the air turns the sea into gnashing ice.

For the second, more difficult matter, the compass does not work quite as expected. It no longer tells a location, but rather gives a series of impulses and presents four times. Ami frowns, after her own attempts lead her to the exact same impressions Ryushi received. "So instead of a location, we are given dates twenty days from now, and fifty days from now, as well as a feeling of.." Ami frowns, obviously not precisely good at determining this part. "Passion and.. I don't know how to describe it. Euphoria?" It is not too inaccurate.

Ryushi decides to consult the library of books gathered from the Heptagram, along with Ami's other sources, on the theory that there may be a holy-day or other celestial event of significance. And along with this, he consults with the Sidereal 'minder': "I seek to know the future." With this, he explains the situation.

The Sidereal begins with the usual dose of arrogance that Ryushi has come to expect. However, when she realizes that he's helping the celestial order, something amazing happens. Her attitude vanishes and she becomes helpful. "You wish to see what these dates shall mean. It it interesting that the guide is a matter of time. The emotions at least make sense. They fit her purpose, and those are the shapes she will respond to."

"Then is there some foretold event which we're being led to?" Ryushi asks. "Or.. are we to create the environment whose feelings we've felt?"

"I need time." And so, the Sidereal isolates herself for two hours, peering into what will come. When she is done, she speaks to Ryushi once more. "There are two holy days that we must observe on the given days. On those days I believe it is critical that the emotions be evoked in a pure form and on a larger scale. I think we are meant to restore her with two great celebrations. The difficulty we face is.. well, there aren't a lot of areas where this might be done without resistance from some kind of competition."

"Nexus sprung to mind, but you mentioned purity," the warrior observes wryly. "Still.. it can be done."

"Well, purity is truly in the eye of the beholder," replies the Sidereal. "It is like distilling an emotion. We either need it to be incredibly intense, or we need to find a way to capture the essence we desire. To truly distill it."