As Tanuki sorts through his belongings, he hears the unexpected **clink** of a bottle. Reaching into the offending pouch, he pulls out a memory from events which seemed a lifetime ago - a bottle of 'medicine', which Meggan had given him when they made their escape from her velvet cage in Simeon the Fat's mansion. He experiences a brief burst of panic - as is typical of him, he'd completely forgotten about it, and she'd never reminded him - before realizing that she seems to have suffered no ill effects in the intervening months.

Tanuki glares at the bottle. "I figured," he murmurs. Something about the 'medicine' had always struck him as fishy, and he'd meant to take it to an apothecary or alchemist who could tell him what was in it. _Well, now I know a real good one,_ he thinks to himself, palming the bottle and venturing out, to flag down the first passing automaton and ask where Ami the mad artisan has gotten to.

Ami's location is indicated by the automaton with a little more emotion than usual. The artificer has told the exalts the city is still learning. When she is found (this time near the southern docks) she is drifting in thought. She looks to Tanuki seriously and takes the bottle with a frown. For a moment, she holds it up and lets the light of the sun flow through it. She then opens it and holds her left hand over it. From her extended index finger, a thousand or more tendrils of essence descend, and Tanuki can, for a moment, catch a glimpse of what Ami sees as she plucks apart the most miniscule essence 'bits' of the elixer.

Ami's eyes take on a most distant look. It's obvious her attention is not on anything that she sees in the normal sense. "Hmm..." It is her usual, thoughtful sound. "I see now. It's.. interesting." She draws her fingers out of the 'medicine' with a drawn-out sigh. "It's sloppy work. Obviously this was the work of some primitive, who stumbled upon the work of a greater mind."

"I think I can make it do what it is supposed to without wearing down or killing the target." Ami waits a moment more, looking at Tanuki. It takes her a moment before she finally states the most important information, which she just 'assumed' Tanuki knew. "It causes a disruption in the use of essence. I assume this is why Meggan is blind, rather than the wide-eyed child she should be?"

"'swhat I thought," says Tanuki, grumbling. "That fat ol' bastard needed some way o' controllin 'er, an' if she had some kinda magic in her, he'd have grabbed at the first thing that'd do the trick." He glares at the bottle once again, with greater hostility this time. "If y'say it harms the target... then yeah. I bet he was givin' it to her since she was little, as soon as 'e realized what he was up against. I'm sure her bein' blind suited him just fine too." He looks up at Ami. "Guess the rumors back 'ome were true. So y'figure Meggan's got some kinda magic in her?"

"Well, I don't know a great deal about her at this point, but she is not like we are," replies Ami. "I believe she must be something else. I feel it is obvious that whoever you took her from was not her father. I could study Meggan, but I do not know what information I would gain. With living beings, one must be very careful or there will be side-effects."

Tanuki nods. "Yeah, okay," he says hurriedly, figuring Meggan's been 'experimented' on quite enough. "Yeah, there wuz some stuff back in his mansion. I think mebbe she's half-god or somethin', least that's what the paperwork seemed ta be sayin." He shakes his head. "I better go talk to her. Though I think she probably has some idea anyhow, by now." He turns to go, then stops, looking back. "Hold on. Y'say somethin' about makin' this stuff work better without hurtin' the target? Seems to me these days I been dealin with a lotta guys who'd be a lot easier to handle if they had a bit less Essence."

"It's possible," replies Ami. "But it would take some work, and as I currently stand, I don't think I could manage any more divisions." She smiles suddenly, "But.. perhaps you might help me with that. You see, I have a lot of things I must do, and they require my attention. To achieve more, I must do something that would take me away for a long time. Months at least. I can't afford that, and so I've worked a great deal to create a solution."

Tanuki leans against a nearby wall, smiling. "Ya need some hands outside the city, then?"

"Well, not really," replies Ami. Her voice is sweet, a bit too sweet. "You know how I was saying it's dangerous to experiment on people, because it might have strange effects? Well, I need some test subjects for an experiment." She sighs softly, "And they must be Solars. I've done all I can with other, lesser samples."

Tanuki furrows his brow. This doesn't sound like quite so much fun. Still, he can understand curiosity well enough. "What kinda experiment?"

"Walk with me." Ami's experiment, whatever it is, is not on the surface levels of the city. She leads Tanuki to a stairwell leading down below. It is not a dark descent, but it is a long one. "You know that the primary tool we have is the use of essence. It is bound into everything that we do and it is the most straight-forward means of measuring our abilities."

"Yet how is it that some of us have more control of essence when we are all the same?" Ami looks thoughtful at this point. "Is it just experience?" She shakes her head, "Not from what I've seen. It is something else. It is the connection we have with the Unconquered Sun that makes us what we are, and it is our strengthening of that connection that gives us a greater mastery."

As Ami leads Tanuki into the depths, he occasionally is able to observe cables of pure light leading down, cables that glow with the light of the sun. "When we wish to attain a stronger connection, we must reflect on our Lord, we must go away from the distractions of the world and bask in his light."

"You may have noticed this yourself, this instinct to seek out the highest places, where the light is strongest. Mountain tops, deserts, those sort of things." She pauses and her expression shifts. She is no longer talking about something of interest only to her, "You may have noticed, however, that the light is never strong enough. The concentrations are not powerful enough. At least not naturally."

Finally the path comes to an end, and the chamber Tanuki finds himself in should be blinding. At least to any but a Solar. The cables of light are all drawn to a thick, orichalcum vessel of spherical shape. "Which is why I have made this."

"Now. Solars can stare into the sun. We can bear any brilliant light from our Lord. In every normal test, I've come to the conclusion that nothing from him will harm us," says Ami. "However, I have yet to try the chamber. I have had impressive findings. Water turns to steam in moments in there, so the power of our Lord must be at great strength inside."

Tanuki looks at the chamber. "So basic'ly yer gonna cook me inna sunlight an' see if I don't burn," he says skeptically.

"Well.." Ami looks thoughtful, then smiles and nods. "Essentially, yes. Of course, I wouldn't do this if I didn't think it would work, and the nature of the chamber prevents me from controlling it in the normal sense from inside, so I can't try it without help."

Tanuki says, "Well... hm. Is there a door handle onna inside?"

"There's a handle," says Ami. "I'm not sure if it will be that useful, though." She sighs softly and shrugs, "Nothing I've put inside was in any position to use it. I would never send a mortal inside, knowing they have no chance to handle what they face in there. It's designed for us, not them."

Tanuki stares at the chamber for a few minutes longer. Finally, he says, "Oh, what the hell," and opens the door, climbing in. "Now don't go an' kill me," he says, grinning at Ami before shutting the door behind him.

Ami laughs and walks over to a control panel. "I suppose I should have told him how to tap for help," she muses. "Well, no matter." She press a button, and the chamber is flooded with ten thousand times the normal light of the desert.

In an eyeblink, the chamber is filled with the dazzling light of the Unconquered Sun. Tanuki gapes at his surroundings - wide-eyed, for the light does notblind or even hurt his eyes. On the contrary - he feels as if he can see everything, all at once. The secrets of the world are as an open book to him, nothing is hidden. He was never what he considered to be a great mind, and yet he feels wise beyond imagining.

Warmth fills him from head to toe, as he bathes in his patron God's all-pervading light. Tanuki is not normally a spiritual man, but this... this is, to him, the ultimate spiritual experience. It seems an eternity, but finally it occurs to him that Ami must be wondering how he's doing, and he reaches out to tap on the door.

Outside, Ami can only fret and wait. She's fretting over every detail, wondering if she is right. Finally, she hears that tapping and immediately shuts off the panel and yanks open the door. Ami reaches out to help Tanuki, essentially yanking and dragging him out as she blurts, "AreyouokayIwassoworriedthatImissedsomethingandIdidn'ttellyouhowtosignalmeandwhatwasitlikeyoulooklikeyouarefine?"

Tanuki blinks in the sudden darkness, feeling his way out of the chamber as Ami hauls him out. "I'm fine, I'm fine," he says, as normal vision returns. "That was... incredible." He blinks again, and looks straight at Ami. "It's... it's everything you were lookin' for it to be," he says.

Ami lets out a deep sigh and smiles, obviously relieved. "Well," she says more slowly, "That's good news." The city, it seems, is back under her control, and her attention divided once more. "I hope you can record all the results for me before they are lost. For now, though, let's go find Ryushi and share the news. I'm sure he will be interested in what we have found."

---

The desert around Alphapolis isn't totally devoid of detail. It has life, after its own fashion; it has details, texture, and richness. The environment is varied enough to present its own challenges. To the skilled eye, it is even a source of weapons and tactics.

Tanuki is able to find Ryushi well enough. The man is dressed in a loincloth and little else, wielding a hefty stick in his right hand, thick layers of cloth wrapped around his left. Arrayed against him are constructs of sorcery - white, rubbery-fleshed creatures without any sort of face. Guiding their motions off to the side is Eliara, the No Moon. They are doing battle, by the look of it.

One of the repugnant constructs lashes out at Ryu with a taloned hand, and he blocks with his own hand and its improvised "shield". He lashes out with the stick, sending the creature into the sand, as two more approach. The Lunar, seeing others approach, raises a hand; the things withdraw, and Ryushi turns to greet the arrivals.

Ami is rather distracted by the sorcery of Eliara. Despite the best efforts of the inquisitive Solar, Eliara has shared nothing. She will, by reason of complete distraction, allow Tanuki to speak first.

Tanuki glances at Ami, and then turns to them. "So Ami just built this big ol' sunlight machine. It's like the biggest sunbathe ever..." He waves his hands, trying to describe what, to him, is indescribable, before finally turning to Ryushi. "It was like I could see everythin', all at once. It was somethin' else."

Ryushi nods slowly. He does not comprehend, it seems, but the idea sounds interesting. "I see you experienced it already," he observes.

"You focus the essence of the Unconquered Sun and gain a greater measure of his vision," replies Eliara. The guess makes Ami smile and nod, but before she can blurt into her explanation, the Lunar says, "Such haste. Did you even think to measure whether you were prepared for it? One cannot simply have the grasp of essence seared into their mind, their mind must be shaped, hollowed out to prepare it."

Ryushi frowns. He's not prepared to enter this conversation, but he's fully prepared to listen.

Tanuki shrugs. "Yeah, I dunno if I really got it," he admits. "But she did say she dinna know what it was gonna do. We gotta learn this stuff somehow."

"True," says Eliara. "Very true. It is only a warning. Do not enter the chamber you have prepared until you feel the pull in your spirit." The Lunar turns her eyes to Ami, and then focuses on her student Ryushi. "The seasons come in their proper times, and so when we are ready, the call comes to us." The No-Moon raises a hand, "That does not mean there is no room for the will. It means that the will must recognize its true need, and discern the vagueness of the intellect from the attraction of instinct, of knowing without learning."

"'If there is unrest in Heaven and Earth, even the spring may not come,'" Ryushi says, quoting a Shogunate philosopher of the Contagion period. "I will not reject a thing if we must use it or fail."

Eliara sighs, "Such impatience." She does not challenge it, saying, "You rise with the Sun, and the ever-changing Moon is my calling. Still, you would do well not to discount the wisdom I have been granted. The world changes swiftly, but you must find your feet before you can run with it."

Ryushi smiles. "It is a weapon of last resort, but it remains a weapon."

"Since our lesson for the day is finished," says Eliara, "Perhaps we might turn our attention back to this sunrise you wish to bring about." She looks to Tanuki, then back to Ryushi, "I am curious of what you plan to do next. There are many battles that lie ahead, no matter how powerful you become here. There are forces arrayed against Creation that will not yield until their power is shattered and their lives taken."

The Dawn nods. "The key to many things, my own ambition among them, is sorcery. Whatever the Lunar Exalted have gathered, plus whatever the Dragon-Blooded have amassed. Whatever they have would have been at the Heptagram, presumably as well-protected as anything on that island. I propose to return there. I further propose to find other Lunars. I propose to reinstate the third Circle of magic."

"You wish to bring the dread of the Adamant Circle back to Creation." Eliara waits a moment, then laughs, "Good, because without it, there is no hope. Our warriors fight endlessly, but among the elders we know this. We hold the enemies at bay and remember what was, but Creation cannot live with only the light of the Moon breathing upon it. The veil-shattering light of the Unconquered Sun must come to its zenith."

Ryushi smiles at the Lunar. He turns to Tanuki. "Do you suppose they're having a fire sale? I want to find out."

Tanuki grins. "Sounds crazy," he says approvingly.

Eliara finds the suggestion amusing. Still, she finds it worthwhile. "It seems a prudent choice. Might I suggest making something of a spectable of this? It would do us much good if your actions travelled through the Lunars without any of us having to relay it."

Ryushi turns to regard Eliara. "What do you mean?"

"Among the Lunars, it is important that one be seen as a force to be reckoned with. While we appreciate those who are wise and gifted in areas of lore, we expect that all of our own use their gifts and do things worthy of Luna. While you are not a Lunar, it would be far easier if you did acts that would impress the warriors." The No-Moon finally says, "If you were to say, finish your task by razing the entire Heptagram it would go very far."

---

Periodic shipments of firedust are run between the hub cities of the South. Laborers gather firedust using carefully-measured tools and carefully-refined techniques, reciting prayers to the gods of dust and desert that they could recall in their sleep. Collectors refine the 'sustenance of the ebon devils' using chemical and thaumaturgical processes as refined as any civilized science. And haulers move it in enormous yeddim-hauled wagons.

A few rubies, redder than the setting sun, were a waste product of Ami's orichalcum-mining efforts. In the sweaty palm of an eager-faced Guildsman, however, they are the sale price for every bit of detail Ryushi needs about the Guildsman's local rivals - who are coincidentally fueling Paragon's war ambitions by hauling firedust in large amounts to the ordered city.

The sand-spirits are old and thirsty, and they remember much of the old time. While they fear the Solar Exalted, they also groan under the weight of the Realm's ironshod boots that trample their home. One such god is willing enough to aid Ryushi, and his price is a sacrifice from (or of) the caravaner and his guards. The firedust he wants no part of, for he's been duly paid for its extraction.

And so it is that eight creaking yeddim-drawn wagons come upon a warrior meditating in the desert, whose face and features are covered by a black silk bandana. "Get out of our way, fool!" shouts the teamster. The man rises to his feet. "Surrender your cargo and sacrifice to the gods of the sand for your transgression in aiding the Realm's ally!" he shouts. "Or in Heaven's place, I'll punish you."

Two swords are sheathed at the warrior's belt. He is alone. The teamster laughs. "You want a taste of our firedust, eh?" he asks. "You'll have it!" He draws a flame-pistol from his belt and begins to level it at where the man was - only now he's standing on the wagon, facing the teamster eye to eye. He moved faster than the wind. His swords are out. The teamster's flame-piece has been cut in half, and is now missing its barrel. The unignited firedust trickles out. "Oh," he says.

Around the two, the caravan escort guards have drawn their weapons and readied them. And around them, the desert itself rises up into a furious storm.

---

The Prefect of Paragon, immortal though he may be, hates to be kept waiting. Soldiers are dispatched promptly enough. What they find is an immense wreckage - eight destroyed wagons, with half-buried yeddim tracks showing where the beasts fled to. There is an enormous pit where bodies are being picked clean by carrion birds, their gear pitted by a powerful windstorm. There are other tracks leading away - survivors, presumably, who fled to the oasis the caravan had come from. And finally, there are curious tracks. "Beast-man. The scorpid-men and jackal-men?" one soldier asks of the other. "Nah. There's only a few of them. Scouts, I expect," his comrade replies.

"Wonder what they thought was so interesting.." The soldiers shrug to each other and take their accounting, not noticing that the utterly destroyed wagon remnants show a curious arrangement. Seen from the air, they spell out words in the writing system of the Old Realm: The Heptagram Is Next.