While Tanuki handles the more mercantile aspects of the pair's myriad transactions, Ryushi spends his time studying the geographical 'learners'. The maps of forgotten eons will hold the locations of cities, temples and towers now in ruins, where treasure could be found. And more than treasure - if the tools of Celestial craftsmanship have been removed from such places, Ryushi and Tanuki will have found the artificer they now seek. And when Tanuki returns from his latest round of dealing, the two men speak of their respective acquisitions.

"I ain't never seen so much money in one place before," says Tanuki happily, as he divvies up Ryushi's share. He seems more cheerful than usual... more _alive_, somehow. Wheeling and dealing with the local merchants and fences seems to have revitalized him. "You find anythin' interestin?"

"The City of Golden Flames. Past Gem, on the frontier," Ryu replies. "If we seek a sorcerer-craftsman, such a man would go there, if he knew of it. If none do, then when we find him, we'll know where to go. Either way, we should investigate."

Meanwhile, Tanuki seeks out Meggan in her cabin, where she's playing with Kitty, and tells her all about what they'd found on the Island of Walking Dreams, most particularly the First Age airship. "Ryu said the ship has some kind of eyes. An' he thinks some o' the collars we found can be altered so's that someone wearing one can see through the ship's eyes. Sounds crazy, I know, but he's a smart guy."

Meggan is still so happy to just be able to go places on her own that other dreams are quite beyond her. "It is a beautiful ship," she says at first. "It feels alive, Tanuki. Isn't that amazing? There's something sad about it, though. It's too bad there is only one." Her blind eyes turn as if she was looking at the ship. "I would like to see through its eyes, and talk to it. I think it might feel less lonely."

Tanuki thinks about this. "Alive? Mmm... yeah, I could see that, kinda." He looks in the direction she's looking, and raises an eyebrow. "How'd ya know it was that way?" he murmurs, half to himself, and shrugs. "Well, Ryu's got a plan. We're gonna try to find someone who can figure out how to make this stuff work. An' we do that by findin' someplace where someone like that's gonna go."

"Who would that be?" asks Meggan. She looks back from the direction of the ship and smiles. "Oh, and I can feel it. I can almost hear it, in a way. I've been told that many times those who lose their sight make up for it in other ways. I don't know why, but I can sense it somehow."

Tanuki shrugs. "We dunno yet. We'll find out who they are when we find 'em." A slow nod, as he thinks to himself. _Well, it's certainly a special ship. An'... well, there's somethin' special bout Meggan too._ That's as far as he's likely to think about it. His short life has formed very intense habits of being down-to-earth; even now, as an Exalt, the occult is still largely a closed book to him.

"So when do we go?" asks Meggan. "I want to fly, Tanuki."

"Lemme talk to Ryu," replies the young Night-caste. "I think we're just 'bout ready, though."

---

The two Solars and their companion follow a lead from Wavecutter. There is a shaman and spiritwalker called Two Fangs who lives somewhat outside of civilization. He cultivates qat, marijuana, and more exotic herbs in his search for attunement to the divine, and when the Solars meet him, they learn his name is to be taken literally - he shows fangs, tufts of actual fur, and other signs of a bestial heritage. But this outsideness works in his favor for his chosen profession, and a small collection of jade coins ("offerings for hungry gods!" he crows) are enough to compel him to make a prayer.

The prayer consists of mad dancings and ravings in a half a dozen tongues. The priest casts firedust into a great burning pit and for much of the dance, is actually ablaze himself. At last exhausted, the priest collapses in front of the fire, and it is then, the answer comes. Words come from the priest's mouth that are hot and deep and piercing, like the hammer on a mighty anvil. "Long have you been lost, Children of the Sun, but though ten thousand times ten thousand ages pass, you shall not be forgotten by me, the Forger of a Countless Wonders."

Ryushi steps forward, enclosing one fist in the his other hand in a gesture of peaceful respect. "Forger of Countless Wonders!" he calls. "We do honor to you by honoring the creations of your favorites' hands. We have recovered a flying machine that laid dormant, along with other wonders, and now seek to transform a tool of slavery into a tool of liberation. For this we need a craftsman. If such a Solar has sought your blessing for his workshop or his tools, we ask that you guide us to him."

The priest's body for a time just lays there, and he struggles to catch his breath. "You are one who might return my name to me," says the God thoughtfully. "I have heard such a prayer, but other ears caught it as well. Not all of Us remember so well the oaths we had given." A fiery tongue floats into the air, showing the God's wrath. "The one you seek was driven to flight. He is of the south, and he seeks what you seek, but he is hunted now. I will give him dreams to guide him to a place called the Wells of Blood. It is a place of power for the Children of the Sun. You will save him, and the death of his enemies and his greatest works will glorify Me."

"So shall it be!" replies Ryushi boldly. Another battle; another challenge.

The fire burns hotter still, and as its last gesture, the god burns a map to the Wells of Blood into a stone. It is more than enough to guide the Solars to the location. Also, the name 'Ami' and the caste mark of a Twilight is scorched into the stone. The priest breathes more slowly now, and in a few seconds starts to snore. His work is done.

---

The trip to Blood Wells is a long one. Ryushi is able to puzzle together a relationship between locations. The City of Golden Flames looks to be farther south by a fair degree, and a bit farther west, as well. Far below their speeding ship the desert sands rush by. The ship stays comfortably cool, and the supplies are not spoiled by the scourges that they would face below.

The airship reaches Blood Wells first, it seems. The place definitely appears deserted. It lies at the end of a long box canyon. The wet, red clay pool that gives this place its name creates something of a bottleneck in this canyon. For those who aren't eager to test its depths, the path is a slender one against the north face of the canyon.

There is a large enough space above the canyon to set the airship down. Or it might be set down below, should Ryushi wish it. The night is not far off, and below there is no sign of any living thing, except for many dangeous-looking insects.

"We should stay in a spiral," Ryushi suggests. "Whoever is coming here can see us clearly, and unless his pursuers also have airships, we can rescue him and be off."

Tanuki looks skeptical. "So that means they c'n see us comin'?" he says. "Why can't we hunker down somewhere an' wait till we can see him?" He doesn't much like the idea of being visible, First Age weaponry or no.

Ryushi frowns. "A challenge vs. stealth. Very well - perhaps I'm thinking too much in my own way. We'll find a place to hide, and locate good sentry points."

Tanuki runs his hand along the fuselage of the airship. "Hidin' this is gonna be the problem," he says. "But we'll think o' somethin. Mebbe it's not such a big deal if they do see it, anyhow, so long as they don't see where _I_ am," he adds with a grin.

"Set us down next to th' clay," Tanuki instructs. "What I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna cover this thing with mud. I don't see we got much else to use f'r hidin' it around here," he explains, "but this way they maybe won't see it till they're right on top o' it, cos it'll be the same color as everythin' else round here."

The First Age vessel settles down next to one of the mud pits, and Tanuki hops out. It's a lengthy process; it takes a lot of clay to cover a vessel this size, and even with Ryushi to help, it takes some time to cover it just so - Tanuki considers himself somewhat of an artist in this regard. "Gotta make it look just like a boulder with mud all over it," he explains. "Gotta _think_ boulder. Just like when I'm hidin' in the bushes outside some guy's estate - I gotta _think_ like I'm a bush. Do it right, an' other people think you're a bush too."

Tanuki settles back at last, content with his handiwork, and rubs the mud still on his hands up along his arms and tunic. "Now it's my turn," he says, stepping away from the machine and hunkering down behind a small boulder. Within seconds, even Ryushi has a hard time seeing the lad, even though he watched which way he went.

While not the shadow Tanuki can apparently become, Ryushi has some knowledge of remaining unhidden. He makes his best efforts, with a further bit of reasoning: if he is discovered by sufficiently dangerous forces, he can lead them away from the better-hidden Tanuki.

Tanuki is the first to hear something. A few pebbles falling from the path, further down the canyon. That, and the slowly approaching crunch of gravel beneath feet. Whoever or whatever it is, it's someone who's trying to move as quietly as they can, though to Tanuki it's like a herd of elephants. Soon, a silhouette comes into view along the cliff... and the familiar curves make the decision easy. "Ami!" he hisses, from his hiding place.

The shape drops into a crouch and in a blur of motion an arrow is fired through the air, blazing for just a moment with essence. It lights up her form, and reveals that she's been hurt. The dart lodges into the boulder behind which Tanuki hides. She calls out in a strange, slurred voice, "Who is there?"

"A friend," Tanuki says, peeking his head out from behind the boulder and tracing a circle in mud on his forehead. Every child in Creation knows the symbol for the Wretched. "Airship over there," he says, pointing. "Dawn Caste inside. We'll ambush 'em."

Ryushi steps out from behind a rock, one hand on his sword, and waves. His hiding place was effective, but unimaginative, and he has been waiting for the inevitable fight.

It seems Ami is a bit more wary. "Airship?" she asks. She looks around, wondering what manner of madness has taken these travellers. She does move closer, but she also keeps an arrow fitted to the string of her bow. The gleam of orichalcum is easy to catch under the brightness of the desert stars. "There are still many after me," she says quietly.

Ryushi draws back the sleeve of one forearm, revealing his own orichalcum bracers. "We will scatter them like leaves on the wind," he promises.

Tanuki holds up his sling, the starlight glinting like sunlight off it in like fashion to Ryushi's bracers and Ami's bow. "And now there are three of us. Hide behind the big boulder," he says, grinning a little as he points to the airship again, pleased that the camoflauge seems to have been so effective.

"There is something powerful with them, something like us," warns Ami. She moves slowly to the boulder and sags down against it. "And I've been running for a week with no rest." She struggles just to keep her eyes open. "I do not know how far away they are. They never could be far enough."

"In that case, we'll lift off," suggests Ryushi. "The City of Golden Flame awaits, and we were sent to save you. Come."

Ami nods, forcing herself back up. She will not accept any help. "Let's be away then. I will tell you what I have seen. What I know." Ami is doing her very best to hide her injuries, but it is clear from seeing her move that there are many. Any mortal would have died from exhaustion alone.

---

Ami is fortunate the dreams led her to the Solars. Their water and food does wonders for her healing, and she tells them the tale of her wanderings. "You are not the first of our kind I have seen," she says, "In the twenty years I have been blessed and cursed with this mark. Many younger Chosen have not listened to me and thought to face down the power of the Realm to our ruin. I know of only one who is older than I, but you would not wish to see him."

"Since you have found wonders, you know of the dreams of our people. You have seen bits and pieces of what we became long ago. Those things might come again," she says softly. "The eldest I have met of the new ones lives in a city that you may have heard of. Rathess is a terrible place now, but I remember that it was once the most beautiful city in Creation, governed by a race even more ancient than our own. The one who dwells there is mad. He has lost himself in the memories. All the others I have met I cannot find now, or I know they are dead. Or worse than dead."

"I have no wish to go to Rathess," Ryu replies. "I must go West. But before that, I wish to help Tanuki and his friend, Meggan."

"You are wise to avoid Rathess," says Ami. "You would go to the west? Be wary, young one. Most of that land is fallen to chaos. Still, there is hope there. The Dragon Blooded do not often go there. It is the place of their greatest weakness." She takes the food and water offered by Meggan and smiles. "You have found me, and my life would be lost without your help. What do you ask of me?"

"Meggan here is blind," Tanuki explains. "But Ryu tells me that this airship has eyes o' some kind. If there was some way so Meggan could... connect with the ship somehow, see what it sees, control it... that's what we're looking for." He holds up one of the slave collars, the locking mechanism bound tight with leather lest anyone mistakenly open it. "He thinks these things c'n help."

Ami tenses at the sight of the collar. She reaches out for it carefully, and taking it spasms in disgust. "This is a filthy thing to put around anyone's neck," she says quietly. "Still, there are some I could see wear it and feel no pity." She carefully undoes the leather binding and opens the collar, then closes it again. A slight glow surrounds her as she puzzles out the mechanism. "So what I'd need to do is invert the flow, and power it with the ship.." She smiles slowly, and her words grow softer, and less and less of them make sense to Tanuki and Ryushi. "It can be done," she says at last. "And I might be able to use it in ways you don't yet imagine. You see, there are many weapons left by our ancient selves. They now answer to noone. If I can do this, I might learn how to make them serve us again."

Ryushi nods slowly. "We will aid you in this."

"Then we have a deal," says Ami. "Since we have some time, I'd like to know what you have done and how long you've been going about. I was never able to get myself much more than this bow. The ones I wanted to fight beside always went their own way in the end." She leans back and adds in a dreamy voice, "With luck, this city we find will be a place where I can stay until I've mastered my craft."

---

On the fourth day of flight from Blood Wells, the Solars catch their first glimpse of the First Age wonder, The City of Golden Flames. A ring of seven eternally-erupting Volcanoes ring the city, and its moat is of glowing, liquid steel. It's massive walls, some hundred paces high, are carved of a black stone that is untouched by the intense heat. A bridge of the same material stands over the great moat, spanning some four hundred feet before it reaches land. Flows of lava pour down from around the city, and the heat is such that no animals will draw within miles of it. Even in the airship it begins to feel a little warm.

In the center of this city is a tower of dizzying heights. At its apex a wide dome of paper-thing orichalcum spreads out, bearing an array of perfect mirrors. The focused band of light is bright enough to be seen even through the glare of lava, gathered by thousands of mirrors that dot the ceilings of the city's warehouses, directing light up at the array high above.

Tanuki looks out on the vista. "Woooow..." he says, in awe. "That's wild..." This is the first time he's seen a city that represents the First Age at its peak - the macabre pyramid of the Island of Walking Dreams was a scene from its decline. He wishes Meggan could see this too... and is thrilled that, all too soon, she may be able to.