Ryushi isn't sure just what Megara's mission is, nor just what she's searching for. But she is extraordinarily well-prepared, as he discovers when he goes to speak to the prisoner. There is in fact a fully-stocked brig aboard the ship, with only one narrow staircase leading down to it. The stairs look rickety enough, and the swordsman notes the presence of a series of levers that can destroy the passageway and the stairs with them. The cell is at the bottom of the boat, and the barred door is made out of pure iron.

Particularly disturbing is the large cask of pale, bloodless fish and other sea creatures to the left of the cell. They seem to have been ritually drained of blood, and Ryushi thinks he can make out a severed human hand near the top of the pile.

Inside the cell, bound by wards of astonishing complexity and surrounded by a ritual circle of a dried vermillion paste, Bitter Frost is bound by chains of yellow jade with engraved runes written across their every surface. The Solar estimates their value as the donatives necessary to buy one's way into a satrapy. If Megara has expended this much wealth on merely a holding cell to keep a target of hers, who valuable - and dangerous - must her real objective be?

The Abyssal's eyes study Ryushi with a strange patience. In this state, their colors shift constantly, one moment yellow, one blue, but the eyes do not match. She does not speak, but something in her body language shifts. Even in this place, held as a prisoner, there is something to her that is unbroken. She is in chains, but only a blind man would think of her as anything but a queen.

"Who are you?" asks Ryushi bluntly.

"I am Bitter Frost," she answers. Sensing a desire for more, she goes on, "I am a cousin of yours, Child of Madness. I am one who has found solace from the malady that led to our fall."

Ryushi shrugs. "You are a monster," he answers coldly. "A monster has no business on the throne of the sunken city. Why were you there?"

"I was there doing the bidding of my masters," answers Bitter Frost. She smirks as she is called a monster, but can say nothing to defend herself.

"It is not for me to free you, nor would I." The swordsman hunkers down, staring at the prisoner through bars of merciless iron, across the boundary of the sorcerous holding. "The shark-men took exception to that. Were they doing the bidding of their master?"

"Ah yes, I imagine they were," answers Bitter Frost. She laughs softly and stretches her immortal sinews. She does not just seem untroubled by her binding, but clearly is untroubled by it. "Their master directs them with great skill."

"And who is he?"

"One of the so-called Anathema. His name is Leviathan," replies the Abyssal. "He is among the eldest of us all, Chosen of Luna the Ever-Changing."

Ryushi is not diplomat enough to hide his feelings at this revelation. But neither is he fool enough to reveal Megara's interest in the city. He presses on, then, content enough to ask questions which concern his interest. "He is ruler of his domain. Perhaps your masters make you ruler of yours. Why do you fight?"

"To rouse Leviathan from the waters." She pauses for a moment, "And more broadly, I fight at the direction of my masters, and to learn more of myself and my world."

"The shapeshifters are no friends of the Realm. Perhaps that is your reason for calling out such a creature; I cannot imagine he would be your ally." Ryu's mind works its way along the paths of strategy. He rises to his feet. "Your allies are dead, your mission is at an end. But satisfy your pride with this: you were thwarted by the Solar Exalted. We will not mistreat you while you are aboard."

Bitter Frost simply smiles at this. Her eyes grow brighter for just a moment, then she lids them, leaning back to take her rest. Time, it seems, is all she has.