As the Solars' skyship lazily drifts through the whistling night air, Ryushi and Tanuki study the sight below them. As they evade clouds and steer their craft to get a better glimpse of certain interesting areas, Ryushi begins his work in planning their landing spot. He trusts Ami to perform her own study.

Mindful of Essence-powered automation which might attack the craft, the swordsman cautions distance. But not too much to interfere with his work. Spread out on the deck is a parchment and quill, ink, a ceramic bowl, and other implements. Some of these things Ryu has weighted down with stones or with his own orichalcum bracers - quite heavy enough on their own to not slide across deck or casually tumble.

Whispering prayers, he pours water into the bowl from a skin, sprinkling some salt over the surface after. He places a crushed flowerpetal onto the water and watches it lazily spin for a few seconds. Next, he withdraws a small silver coin from his belt-pouch and begins shaving it into flakes. These he sprinkles over the flower. While this concoction sits, he turns his attention to the parchment and begins a series of bold strokes with a brush. The quill-pen is used to write more delicate notes, while the brush is used to chart the outlines of the city.

With a pouch of twigs gathered from the party's earlier landing spot and a brief thaumaturgical ritual, Ryu lights a fire on the deck. The imperishable First Age metal of the airship won't even mar from such a flame, but that isn't his objective. Carefully he holds the ceramic bowl, the flower and the silver shavings over it. In time, with a constant muttering prayer, the flakes begin to melt and flow over the leaf. "Now," he says, "fly widdershins around the city, making a spiral." And with that said, he watches the patterns the silver takes.

While Ryushi approaches the problem in his own way, Ami approaches it from her own direction. She takes in her hand a bar of iron, and she whispers a prayer into the winds, her words mingling with Ryushi's in a strange, discordant song. The bar is then balanced perfectly on the end of one of her arrows, and as she prays she reaches through it into the air and beyond. She extends a hand out over the silver as it coats the leaf, and the fingers of the craftswoman spread to allow the energies of the air to flow through them.

Tanuki watches in silence, keeping his distance. He has his own little rituals when it comes to placating the small gods of the houses he robs from, but generally these require little effort; the sort of places he robs, up until now, have generally been neglected by their owners and not much cared what he got up to provided he didn't knock holes in the walls or anything. Rituals like this are beyond him; his knowledge extends about as far as knowing when to stay out of the way.

Ami lets out a sigh. "The city is broken," she says quietly. "This place has shifted, but I believe I can still guess where the most favorable areas for crafting would have been." She looks out at the city, watching the light of the stars put a brilliant glow to the great spire. "The air is still rich as it was. That is why the mirrors still function. It wouldn't be enough to power the greatest defensive works." She looks thoughtful, "I think it would be safe to try a landing. I'm not sure it would be wise at night.

With the light of dawn growing on the horizon, the mirrors snap into place like soldiers coming to attention. Instantly the tower gleams golden, and as the exalts come closer, they can see other activity. Hundreds of little glowing constructs move across the rooftops, swarming over the mounting turrets of the mirrors like locusts. Ami smiles and explains, "They are making repairs and adjustments. Even after all this time. Amazing!" The forges are large, beautiful structures that are built as richly as palaces. Wide, clear pipes stream into them that were hidden by distance. In these ducts flows fire and light. One of the pipes only gleams empty. "The flow of essence has failed," murmurs Ami.

Ryushi hums. "We should rest, and come back after the dawn." He gestures to his crude map, pointing out a crevasse observed earlier. "We can set down there."

After a few hours of rest, water, and preparation, Ryushi suggests going back. There is little else to do in his mind, and he's eager to achieve something in this wondrous place.

When the Solars return to the city, they find little has changed. The repair drones have gone back into hiding, it seems. Otherwise, nothing looks different. The vastness of this place is perhaps a little more daunting with the light so brilliant in the sky. Ami advises that the ship be flown so that it does not interrupt the light gathering. It is not an easy task, but the ship's agility makes it quite possible. The streets here are very wide, and a landing has been built not far from the forges where the great airship can set down.

Ami may have said that the 'greater' defensive systems were inactive, but Tanuki has listened to enough stories from the Scavenger Lords of Harborhead to know that the lesser defensive systems of a First Age relic are enough to bring a mortal man's career to a premature end. And the repair beetles tell him that plenty of lesser functions are still operational. Therefore, Tanuki volunteers to scout ahead.

Tanuki's first obstacle is a strange one. A pillar covered with dimly glowing sigils stands not far from the ship, and it calls out to him in an odd tongue. Fortunately, it's words are loud enough for Ryushi to hear. It's Old Realm, though the southern dialect is particularly difficult to make out, he is able to understand it well enough. It is asking for an identity and some sort of manifest code.

Tanuki peers at the obelisk as he listens to Ryushi's translation. "'Kay, so it's a customs drone. Right, gimme a moment," he says, thinking. "Right. Okay, tell it we're a... cargo vessel, carrying airship parts for... hm. Well, I ain't about to try to pretend to be some muckety-muck since they're all long dead, so they're just gonna be fer general supplies. We're from... either o'you know of some place out West? Fairly big if ya can think of it, they'd probly have records o' everyone from a little place. But not too big."

Ryushi scratches his chin a moment, trying to grasp this slippery description in his mind. He recites the words in Old Realm: "A personal sailing vessel of the Solar Exalted, carrying airship parts from the Blessed Isle." These things, at least, were much the same in the First Age.

The drone records this and a small chime rings in it. "An official shall be with you shortly to see to the unloading of your cargo. Further descriptions of your merchandise may be left here. Please enjoy your stay." The console goes quiet. "I have a feeling the official died a few centuries ago, so we will just have to make do on our own," says Ami.

Tanuki nods. "It'll do," says Tanuki. "Main thing here wuz to make sure we didn't trip any red flags in the ol' system. Good thinkin on the Blessed Isle, Ryushi," he adds. "Right, time for me ta get ta work." He cracks his knuckles, grinning.

The heat and rising air of the volcanoes ensures that occasional gusts of wind flow through the city's causeways. Tanuki is just another breeze among many, sidling cautiously along streets, watching for any roaming automata, occasionally climbing up an ancient facade and leaping across a street or crawling along the side of a building if there are too many watchful eyes at ground level. The marvels of a nearly intact First Age city, spectacular as they are, are merely background to Tanuki's eyes as they scan for dangers, be they moving or unmoving. To his relief, most of the tiny handful of automata he encounters are apparently maintenance drones, taking little interest in a human; but better safe than sorry.

And in this way, by degrees, and with frequent consultation with Ryushi's homemade map, does Tanuki progress toward the gates of the nearest cathedral, where he will study the ancient doors and try to determine how they may be opened. Not opening them; for that, he will wait until he has brought back his companions. But he will inspect the gates, determine if they are locked, and if so, whether the mechanism is within his capabilities. And then, gods willing, he will return to guide his companions there.

The ancient gates of the Factory Cathedrals are barred heavily. It is strange, for they are barred from outside with enormous lengths of iron. Beyond this, there is a console much like the one on the pad near the door, and three keyholes, one likely corresponding with each of the bars that hold the door shut. At equal intervals, the console babbles in the Old Realm, much like the one at the landing pad.

This is enough for Tanuki. He returns to the airship with is report. "So you guys're gonna need to help me figure out the door. It's babblin' in that old talk at me, an' I dunno if I c'n talk it open or not, but I sure as hell can't talk it open in Flametongue."

Ryushi nods. He begins walking, mindful of the path Tanuki took before, one hand on the hilt of his sword.

The console is still chattering away. It is talking about weather and even making predictions about areas near the city. Apparently there was a time when it wasn't quite so pointless of a matter. The console isn't very accurate, however. It chirps on about the council decreeing that there will be rain just north of the city, with a warning about flooding near the rivers.

Ryushi studies the console. He quietly composes himself, closing his eyes and listening to the gossip of a long-lost civilization, putting himself into the mind of those people as his master unknowingly taught him to. In those times, things were more convenient, but no simpler. He shifts his mind from that of a warrior and soldier - concerned only with fighting and killing - to a leader or commander. The machines of this place are his troops; his orders are law to the automata of the First Age. With this mindset firmly in place, and with an earful of the southern dialect the machinery speaks, he begins operating the console.

The console reacts as expected, but it seems that the southern city has its own intricacies which Ryushi is not accustomed to. He is able to learn that this building was the workshop of Malara Kinstone, but is unable to make an appointment or open the gate through other means. The formidible obstacle remains, and in a short time, the console returns to its chatter. This time, however, it may spark interest. It is talking about shops and sights of note in the city.

Ryushi hums. "Tanuki, if you return with Ami, I'll stay here and see what else I can learn," he suggests.

"One more thing."

"Show Meggan where the firing controls for the ship are," Ryu suggests at last, still staring at the doors.

Tanuki nods. "Gotcha," he says. He briefly inspects the holes above the console, but shakes his head. Anything of the First Age won't yield readily to his own lockpicks, and the chances of finding the true keys in the city... well, never mind. He returns to the ship and explains the situation to Ami, and then seeks out Meggan.

"Okay, Meggan. We need Ami to help us open the door, so we're gonna have to leave you here. This," Tanuki says, guiding her hand to the controls of the vessel, "this controls the weapons. I know you can't see ta aim 'em, but don't worry bout that. Just fire 'em if ya hear somethin' dangerous. If it's just some kinda animal, y'll scare it off, an' besides we'll come runnin back soon as we hear it go. Okay?"

Meggan finds the suggestion that she fire weapons a bit alarming, but nods to Tanuki. "I'll do my best!" She's doing her best to act brave. "Kitty will keep me safe, I'm sure." Assuming she's threatened by nothing greater than a field mouse, she should be just fine.

Ami is, by Second Age standards, one of the greatest of craftsmen. By First Age Solar standards, she is little more than an apprentice. "Wow," is her first unhelpful observation. She studies the workings of the locks and shakes her head, "I am out of league here. This is amazing work. The key must have been a marvel, and this top lock is simply beyond understanding. I don't even know if it would work anymore, though. I think.. this part, right here, where the lines are more fine. I think essence would flow through the key when it was inserted and open the top bar."

Ryushi's reaction to this plan is, perhaps, predictable. "Can we break it?"

"The bars?" asks Ami. She studies them and nods, "I think we could. Probably wouldn't have to hurt the doors. They aren't made of jade or orichalcum. As far as I can tell, it's just iron."

"Tell me where to aim," the swordsman says, wary of the defenses even now.

"The best place to aim is the center. It's weakest there," says Ami. "I have a feeling we're going to attract some kind of attention. I just hope it's not more than we can handle." She has an arrow fitted to the string already. "This isn't going to be very subtle."

"Subtle is for people what got better tools 'n we do," Tanuki remarks, shuffling off to one side and allowing himself to blend in with the stonework.

Ryushi raises his hands back, calling for Daoyang as he does. The sword materializes in his grasp, and without hesitation he brings the blade forward to strike at the vulnerable center.

When the last iron bar is broken, the door is able to be pushed open. The Exalts do not get very far before the console behind them beeps and its calm, slurring accent informs Ryushi, "You are in violate of preception 11a, section 2. You will remain where you are and await the watch!" It cycles through this repeatedly. Nothing seems to be happening, however.

Tanuki emerges from beside the console. "C'mon, let's go in before the thing notices there ain't no watchmen," he remarks.

Ryushi frowns, hefting his giant blade over one shoulder and pausing. "Let's find out," he says.

Inside, the Factory Cathedral shows no signs of damage. Numerous benches with strange consoles are spaced here. It is enough for at least ten projects to be worked on simultaneously. The tools here are not rotted away by the passing of time, and this draw Ami's attention immediately. She's so busy marvelling over them that she doesn't even notice the enormous forging area. It stands silent now, and a massive daiklaive rests unfinished near it. The blade is completed, but it has no hilt fixed to it. There are other works in stages of near completion here, and several notes half-finished at those tables, including information about the current status of projects that apparently were coordinated between several Factory Cathedrals. One is like a scream for Ryushi's attention. It mentions the armorworks. There is no map here to indicate where it is, but from the context it seems to not be far away.

Tanuki appreciates the value of orichalcum, but the rest of it is beyond his comprehension, and so he is not quite so enthralled by the siren song of First Age technology. "Psst. Ami... there's somethin' we wanted ya to help with, 'member?"

"Hmm? What's tha-" Ami's question is interuppted when the sound of loud footsteps comes from outside. There's something outside. From the sound of it, more than one something. Ami's eyes go wide and she ducks down behind one of the workbenches, taking aim already. Whatever is coming, she's decided that she's not going to meet it without a weapon ready. A moment passes, and then the doors are forced wide. Even among the unlearned, the stories of demons makes it hard to mistake these three, towering creatures for anything but what they are.

Tanuki is already in the air at the first sound of footsteps, leaping from workbench to workbench until he reaches a high ledge. The sling is out and gleaming in his hand, a stone already nestled in its pouch.

The gleaming golden blade readies itself as Ryushi draws on his inner mastery of the fighting arts, channeling Essence into his proficiency to give himself the supernatural edge he will need.

The demons are used to being dispatched in dangerous situations, and like all Erymanthoi, they enjoy combat, and love killing. The fastest of the apes barrels past Ryushi, leaping right at Ami, its powerful claws swinging at her wildly.

The attacks of the blood ape, and it's raw speed, catch Ami off-guard. She keeps her arrow trained on her foe, though, even as she feels her flesh torn by the ferocity of the attack. It's clear she's badly hurt, but she's not giving in just yet.

The second of the blood apes throws itself at Ryushi. It seems they are using the same basic strategies, and are not used to facing anything that is a match. The ape just pounds away at Ryushi, lashing out with it's blackened claws.

"Get off her, you!" Tanuki howls, tossing a second lead bullet in the air even as he whirls the sling. One sling bullet whistles through the air toward the erymanthus, and as the sling comes round, it catches the descending sling bullet and wraps around it, setting Tanuki up for an immediate second shot. The lad's always had a protective streak toward women, and seeing the blood ape maul the Twilight artisan makes his heart burn with righteous anger.

Ryushi has his blade out. The blood-ape throws itself at him with a vicious claw swipe, and the Solar easily steps back, batting away the clawing hand with the back edge of Daoyang.

Though the second bullet clatters to the floor and rolls into the distance, the first, propelled by Tanuki's fury, smacks hard into the demon's infernal flesh, hard enough to penetrate through its thick hide, and Tanuki can hear the sound of bones breaking even from his perch high above. It staggers to its feet, but it's clearly favoring its right arm - and perhaps now it will consider the little man with the hard stones a more serious threat than the bow-wielding woman in front of it.

Ryushi flips Daoyang over in his hand to bring the sharp edge to bear, then grabs hold and swings with terrible fury at one of the remaining demons as he jumps past it to confront the other. He brings one stroke down almost vertically, aiming to bisect the thing.

Ryushi does not connect with the first creature, as it skitters out of the way, but he deals a substantial blow to the second. As the first demon gloats at its evasion against the Solar, he twists Daoyang in hand yet again and sends it plunging into the intestines of the blood ape. A look of surprise and a yowl of pain follow.

The slowest of the blood apes bellows at Ryushi, and it's utter lack of control divert it from its intended tactic to leap at the Solar that has maimed it. It slams madly at the Dawn, swiping at Ryushi with both claws, hate burning in its eyes.

Ryushi again flips Daoyang in his hands, sending it smacking down to intercept the claw of the first, then using his forearm to lever it into the path of the second.

Ami narrows her eyes at the foe that stands before her. She focuses her essence into the bow, and into the bolt she holds ready, and though blood flows over her, her aim does not waver as she unleashes the full furry of her power at point-blank range.

The bolt strikes true, and the demon staggers back, its blood spurting heavily from its newest wound as it heaves and wavers on its feet. The fire in its eyes burns more fiercely than ever, and the exalts must wonder just how it stays on its feet. It seems unlikely that it will stay that way for long.

The most wounded of the demons roars in pain and through blood-soaked eyes tries to finish its task with the hated Solar archer, flailing with a rage that does not quite make-up for its wounds.

Tanuki grins ferally. "Hah! Bit more than you expected, eh?" he jeers with no regard for whether the hellbeasts understand him or not, slinging another stone at Ami's demon to finish it off, and then swinging up onto an overhanging girder for a better vantage at the one that has already felt the wrong end of Daoyang a few too many times.

The creature facing Ryushi swerves out of the way with a grace that belies its muscular bulk, and returns Tanuki's defiant grin with a rather more gruesome one. Tanuki's first target, however, does not move so quickly. The lead shot smacks right between its eyes, and with the crack of bone embeds itself deep inside its skull. The blood-red eyes glaze over, and it topples to the ground with a boneless thud.

Even as the terrible demon twists its body out of the way of the fire from Tanuki, it launches itself upward, and in the girders, it moves like an monkey, lashing out at its enemy with a feral growl.

Tanuki's grin freezes for a moment... and he throws himself backward, letting his toes catch the girder as he topples. The blood-ape goes sailing above the girder with a howl of thwarted rage, and the Night Caste somersaults in mid-air, catching the girder with both hands. He turns his head and blows a raspberry at the enraged demon as he yanks himself back up.

Wounded, but nowhere nearly as badly as his demonic nemesis, Ryushi again hefts the grand daiklave and lays into the hideous blood-apes.

Distracted by their other targets, their hungers, and their wounds, the two Blood Apes are not quite fast enough to forestall the inevitable. The demons fall, half-severed, and Daoyang's blade sizzles as their corrupted blood boils itself away. Ryushi is by now an inferno of Essence himself.

Tanuki drops down to the floor next to Ami. Normally, he'd be solicitous of an injured woman, but time is short. "Are you okay? I'm sure that won't be all of 'em. Can ya find what we need so's we can get out of here?"

Sighing, the Solar warrior rests his golden blade on the floor of the workshop and sits down with his back to the wall. The searing anima banner around him crackles against the imperishable surfaces, but he pays it no mind. "The defenses here," he rasps. "We'll need to disable them. We need this place - this whole place."

Ami shakes off her wounds, "I'll live. And you're probably right." She stands with a wince, but isn't going to stop just because things are hard. "Our best best is to get off the streets. I wonder if we can reach the airship without getting cut off."

Tanuki shakes his head. "It ain't gonna get easier if we fly away. Next time they might not let us land - I dunno if I can fool 'em again without knowin how they'd know it was us." He looks up at Ryushi. "So where d'we go? Guard center, maybe?" He pulls a rope out of his pack. "Gettin' off the streets is no problem, tho. Let's go."

Ami says, "I wasn't planning on leaving! I just have a feeling they might not be able to keep up with us in the air." She looks out into the street warily. "It's clear for now. I wonder how long it would be before the next wave is sent."

With an effort of will, Ryushi's wounds cease their bleeding. He rises to his feet with a grunt, propping Daoyang on one shoulder. "Ami. The demons have to know where to go. That means they have to be aware of where we are. That means detection or scrying. Can you tell how they can know our position, through some device or magic?"

"I think they knew by an alarm that showed them which door was forced," says Ami. She looks thoughtful, "Which means we have a few options. I could try to disarm it here, or we would start forcing doors everywhere to confuse them. I have no idea how many they can throw at us. It has to be limited, though, doesn't it?" She sounds like she's trying to convince herself of that fact.

Ami starts examining the doors carefully. She can see fine wires immediately and nods. "I think I was right. I have a feeling this will take me at least a few minutes, but I imagine that the city will soon realize that the demons have not stopped us, and will take the next step." She looks back to the other Solars, "I doubt I'll win this race."

"Then we'll have ta give you a head start," says Tanuki. "Ryu, why don't we go break some other stuff up an' pull 'em away?" He looks at Ami again. "You think you c'n disable a second alarm faster once you know how they work?"

Ryushi nods, hefting his golden blade with a malevolent smile.

Ami is throwing herself at her work. "There was an essence differential here, and I can feel how it would have flowed." Her words come quickly, and then, they flow out in a stream that the Solars will have to strain to keep up with. "Ithinkit'sprettyclearthatthissystemusesambientessenceandneedsasignalsenttoindicateafalsealarmIcanbreakitinafewminutesnoproblem." She reaches into a pouch at her side and tugs out a bar of copper and essence bursts to life around her as she begins spinning out wire with her bare hands.

Tanuki's eyes glaze over briefly, and then he nods to Ryushi. "Let's go," he says quietly, so as not to distract Ami's train of thought. Although from the sound of it, it'd take a blood ape gnawing on her head to do _that_ right now.

Activating Monkey Leap Technique and his jump harness, Ryushi is a whirlwind of motion. He vaults straight out of the door onto a nearby rooftop, and in three long, fast leaps is nearly out of sight. From the workshop, the first sign of his part of the plan is the sound of shattering glass and a bone-grinding crunch of metal on metal. The distant sight of a door flipping its way into the air gives a visual confirmation that he is, indeed, doing his job.

Tanuki has only the harness to enhance his travel, but he bounds from rooftop to rooftop like an ape swinging through the jungle. He finds a cornice on a rooftop next to the shattered door and ensconces himself carefully against the wall, standing so still that he could be mistaken for a gargoyle, if they made gargoyles that looked like scruffy overgrown street urchins. A stone rests in the pouch of his sling, ready to distract his opponents.

It is perhaps a minute or two before the new streak of vandalism has an effect. More blood apes can be seen moving down the street, rushing and shouldering past each other. Even though they turn to lash out at each other they make great speed. There are five of them, this time, and racing behind them is a larger shape, but shadows flow around it, making it hard to tell just what it is. A feeling of revulsion radiates around it, and though it follows, an observer would swiftly be able to conclude that it is directing the pack.

Ryushi leaps away, having no interest in engaging the enemy for now. But he's mindful to leap away from the workshop, having no wish to guide the demons back to Ami.

And from his hiding place atop the nearby rooftop, Tanuki sweeps the sling around once, twice, and then flings the stone at the side of the building. Essence wraps around the stone, causing its ricochet off the facade to be unnoticeable until it bounces off and flings itself at the nearest blood-ape. To those who hadn't spotted the Trickster on the rooftop, it would look to all the world like the attack had come from the alley below.

The stone's wild path catches the blood ape off-guard completely. The creature flinches back and lets out a roar of rage, swinging its arms about fruitlessly and even mauling one of its fellows before it is called back to attention by the drawn out hiss of that shadow creature. It bends down, picking up the stone that Tanuki used and holds it up to what might be its face. Tanuki can hear something like a snuffling noise, and see the dark thing rock slightly, and though it's hard to tell, it may be turning towards him. Or away.

Tanuki remains perfectly motionless. Whatever the obscene pack leader is, it's clearly more intelligent than its ape brethren, and may be as intelligent in its alien way as any human. But he does have one advantage... whether or not it sees him, _he_ sees _it_. And so he has the option of waiting to see if it tries to come after him.

Ryushi leaps down to land not 10 yards in front of the oncoming pack, then leaps up to attain a rooftop again. He stays parallel to a street as he jumps, letting the pack have some hope of keeping up with him.

The dark creature hisses again. It might be mere imagination, but it seems that there are words in that sound. The blood apes roar loudly around it and start to clamber up onto the rooftops. They know at least where to look, but judging from their actions, they seem to not be locked on to Tanuki's hiding spot yet.

The second pack of apes pursue Ryushi with a mad fury. They are hopelessly out-paced, but they seem to not realize this, or simply don't care. They do not keep any order when chasing the Dawn, even causing some damage to the rooftop mirrors that they race past.

Tanuki utters a dark curse in his head. That thing's got too potent a set of abilities. Still... he's very fast, when he puts his mind to it. Maybe not as fast as the monstrosity, but he can at least strip it of its blood-ape escort. A single leap takes him to the top of his erstwhile hiding place, and a second to the building that Ryushi wrecked. From here, he darts from rooftop to rooftop, leaping over streets and dodging and weaving through the confusion of the mirror mechanisms, looking for a sign of Ryushi. He doesn't want to face this monstrosity alone.

Ryushi leaps from roof to roof, finally spying what he wants - a twin-towered observatory of some kind, with unbreakable glass walls and some sort of metal skeleton between the two towers where a focusing apparatus must have once been. He begins to ascend, kicking off the spars and spiraling decorations.

The black shade moves as soon as Tanuki leaves his hiding place. The creature is always one step behind. It seems to not really see its quarry, but it makes great speed nonetheless. The blood apes do not chase the solar with their controller. Instead, Tanuki can briefly see them fan out, moving swiftly and in a wide arch that is expanding just fast enough to drive him ahead, making any plan of doubling back a bit more dicey.

The other ape pack is drawn farther away by Ryushi, and he can see them race his way still. They have fallen far behind, but the Solar is easy to track, even from a distance.

Ryushi reaches the pinnacle of one tower, and spends the time he's bought looking around. Even this place has received some damage, and he notes with satisfaction that there are a large number of glass and mirror fragments here on the top, and on the framework. He leaps down to collect the largest of them, then leaps back up to catch sight of the blood apes.

Off in the distance, Tanuki can see the bright glowing spark of his fellow Solar atop a high tower, and begins to angle toward him in his flight. Seeing the blood-apes climbing up, though, he diverts his flight to a spiral. Ryushi needs to deal with the pack he's got before Tanuki brings this monstrosity down on him.

With a graceful leap, Ryushi attains the other tower-top, beckoning for the blood-apes to follow him with an intimidating sneer.

The Solar's taunt has an effect. The first blood ape bellows as it leaps into the sky, and its horrible eyes meet the blinding light of the sun as the perfect mirrors beam that hated light directly into them. The best flails wildly, smashing into the tower and falling to the street below with a wet thud. The rest of the pack takes note of this and climb instead, moving with amazing speed.

Prepared for this, the swordsman waits until they are actually clambering onto the skeletal framework that once held focusing lenses. Such things were built for astrological work, not combat, and he reflects on this as he drops, Daoyang out, severing the metal beams as he falls.

Ryushi kicks off the side of the glass tower, propelling himself toward the other. He kicks again, slowly but surely ascending to the top again.

With their means of suspension knocked away, the blood apes can only leap to safety. The first mis-judges it's ascent, and actually shoots over the spire to plummet downward. The second lands easily near the top and throws itself upwards at Ryushi.

The demon has clambered to the top of the tower, only to see Ryushi leap past him and land in a crouch, Daoyang crackling with Essence. The Solar stabs forward with his massive blade, then swings it around to deliver a coup de grace.

Though terribly cut by Ryushi's impaling attack, the demon manages to grab hold of the blade - still trapped in its own body - to forestall the second attack. It bares fangs in a spitting curse of success.

Ryushi responds by planting his feet firmly and hefting Daoyang vertically, physically tossing the demon off the golden blade. As its hateful blood evaporates off the holy blade, the swordsman swings his weapon twice more in a vicious 'X' pattern at the falling blood-ape.

The fury of the Solar is this time met with a dodge from the blood ape that makes it seem it has no bones in its body. It arches first impossibly back, then swings back away from the next blow.

Tanuki has been following the progress of Ryushi's battle on the tower, and grins. That's close enough. His spiral curves sharply inward, and he prepares another sling shot - if Tanuki can't finish it, he will.

Ryushi dodges nimbly out of the way of the demon's counterattack, mindful of how much it is hurting. He twists around to place himself in his stance without even thinking about it; his mind is free to consider how much of this sort of fighting the group will need to do today.

Even as the blood-ape's claws rake the air in their attempts to disembowel Ryushi, two lead bullets come whistling out of the blue, sparkling as they go. "Don't have no time for you, ape!" comes the call of the Trickster as he springs from one building to the next, closing the distance, the glow of a burning circle on his brow.

The erymanthus whirls around just in time to see the bullets coming, and swerves out of the way of one, the blood-stench increasing as it expends infernal Essence in an effort to stay alive. But in vain, for the Unconquered Sun frowns on the escapees from Malfeas. The second bullet catches it full in the chest and sends it toppling backward. Its great arms wave helplessly as it tries futilely to regain its balance, and then it falls, its alien howl of pain cut off only by its final, and fatal, impact.

Tanuki springs up the tower, gasping for breath. "It's after me!" Tanuki calls out, his tone making it clear that he means something rather more dire than the blood apes. And now Ryushi can see the darkness rushing between the buildings. "We gotta take it down before its monkeys catch up!"

What follows Tanuki is not an ape. It's like nothing the two Solars have seen. The sense of revulsion is building, and the creature seems to be growing. As it leaps high towards the Solars, it's inky blackness swings wide like a great pair of wings, spreading impossibly far and fast and swooping in about them. Just as the Solars ready themselves to take action, it stops, forming a nearly complete sphere of deepest night around them. It stops there, and then, just as swiftly as it spread, it draws back in to its normal form, lets out a piercing shriek, and races off, heading towards a large guard structure nearer the city hub.

Tanuki slumps against the glass of the pillar. "That wuz close. Too close. C'mon... let's get back an' thank Ami for savin' our lives."

Ryushi nods, smiling grimly. "We did well."

When the Solars return to Ami, they find a truly dizzying web of copper wires stretching from the door to the broken bars that held it fast and back again. They also will notice that a blood ape's corpse lies down the street, peppered with arrows. She's apparently still studying he work, and tinkering with the web. She doesn't even realize she's not alone. "ThisisamazingIthinkIseewhatIdidwrongthefirsttimetheyjustusedredundancycheckstoverifythesignalwasnotcontaminatedIcan'tbelieveImissedthat."

Ryushi simply props Daoyang up against one wall and leans back beside it, waiting patiently.

It takes a while. She's so into things that even when she does notice Ryushi and Tanuki have returned, she speaks with that breathless rush. "OhyouarebackIgotittowork," she looks at the dead blood ape and hastily amends, finally falling to normal speeds, "Well, after a mistake or two."

Tanuki looks at the complicated mass and tries briefly to follow it, but gets lost before tracing even one of the wires. "Damn, that's somethin', Ami," he says admiringly. "Well!" He leans against the wall. "Looks like we bought oursel's some time. Let's go have us a look inside now that we don't have every damn demon in the city breathin down our necks."

"There are quite a few interesting things," says Ami. "But wait, wait! You wanna see this first." She giggles and gushes with poorly-restrained glee. She makes her way over to the console nearby and leans down. She apparently took the time to rip off one of the panels, and several wires dangle from it. She draws two together, and essence flows from her. The sound of bars being drawn back can be heard, though the source can't be seen. "Oh, oops. Wait, wait!" Again a pause, and then the next factory's doors swing open.

Ryushi nods approvingly. "Then we have succeeded?" he asks.

"I can open doors, anyway," says Ami. "But there are some controls I had trouble with." She nods to the dead demon, "Somehow I called him out when I was trying to change the way the console worked. I think it's limited."

---

Ryushi finds out how limited the consoles are, over the next two days. With Ami's help, the two Solars begin their respective investigations. Tanuki's sharp eyes serve him aboard the airship while performing recon, while Ryushi's limited learning is put to the test in his search for geomantic tools.

Ami has her own concerns. She has her work, this she does during certain hours of the day. It limits her work time, but the progress is great in what time she has. She rattles off an explanation of resonances that actually makes sense to Ryushi. Ryushi is also invited to help her figure out a puzzle. At first, what she's asking for isn't precisely clear. In time, though, she is able to convey what she has in mind. To put it simply, she needs Ryushi to identify the number of unique essence flows in the wires she has used.

On hearing the words of Ryushi Ami nods to herself. "That explains a great deal. The systems aren't working quite right. I'm afraid a lot of it is broken." She sighs softly and points out, "If this thing worked, I believe it would have access to a library, but it just kinda sits there when you try to reach it. There's hope that if we restore it, it will work again. And maybe even make the city able to support a population again."

The work will take three weeks. Though torn by his desire to continue West, Ryushi knows he can't promise that he'd be able to immediately return. Nor does he wish to leave a commitment unfulfilled. So he stays, performing what geomancy and reconstruction he can. He is capable of lifting enormous loads and clearing rubble, or moving equipment, where he must.

These times of labor are interspersed with reflection, meditation, sword practice, and even conversation with the still-bound neomah of the city. There are questions about the past that lie unanswered, and perhaps the demons have heard enough "pillow talk" to help answer them.

The work of Ami is remarkable. The solars learn to stay away from her as she works, though. The chattering is rather nerve-wracking, and she doesn't actually talk to others as she works. In fact, she barely talks to anyone at all now. She's focused to an incredible degree. In the end, she offers the new collar, which is inlaid with orichalcum and looks quite beautiful.

The young woman gasps and flails her arms at first, then grows very still, her eyes wide. They shift about wildly and shivers. "It's.. it's so weird." She raises a hand in front of herself and waves it back and forth. "I can see! I can see from the.. the ship." The airship moves with a jerk into the sky, then slams down rather roughly. Kitty's fur rises as he tumbles from Meggan's lap, leaping back up into her arms and only stopping his fussing after a great deal of petting. "Um, sorry about that." Mastery will definitely take time.

Tanuki's eyes glitter as he smiles so broadly that the top of his head threatens to come off. "That's awesome," he says, almost in a whisper, and reaches to take Meggan's hand gently - being careful not to disrupt her attempts to pacify the distraught Kitty.

Ryushi smiles as well, though not so much. This is Tanuki's victory, and Meggan's. He will only be a passenger on what comes next, if they will take him. "I still wish to travel west," he says. "As far as I am concerned, the airship is yours, Meggan. Tanuki may make his wishes clear on this, but.. the only thing I care about is going west."

Aside from their other findings, the Solars also discover orichalcum breastplates, fully assembled and (as a few careful tests reveal) fully protective. Satisfied, Ryu appropriates one set and girds himself in it.

Tanuki does the same. They are relatively light, and lend themselves to concealment provided that one can wear bulky enough clothes - a problem, to be sure, here in the deep South, but not so much so should their travels take them further north.