Finding Wavecutter is far from easy. Rumors of her fleet of ambitious pirates abound, but their path is tricky to put together. Stories guide Ryushi through Yane to The Lap, and finally to Chiaroscuro. Here the stories simply stop. There is no sign of any familiar ships at the docks. If Wavecutter is here, she's away from her fleet.

Ryushi is fortunately guided by something beyond the stories and tips he has received. He weaves along the docks, skipping taverns until at last he reaches one that demands his attention. A giant of a man is thrown bodily out of its door right in front of the Dawn. "STAY OUT YOU DRUNK!" bellows a voice. The man is nobody Ryushi knows, nor is the one who does the throwing. Oddly, the bouncer appears to be a woman who is far from bulky. She regards Ryushi a moment and turns back in. Before the door closes behind her, Ryushi is able to catch sight of a familiar face inside. Wavecutter herself is sitting there, staring evenly across her untouched drink at a well-dressed man that Ryushi has never seen before.

Ryushi nods to himself. This must be the place. He starts forward, walking methodically toward Wavecutter.

Wavecutter flicks a brief glance at Ryushi, but shows no sign of knowing him just yet. Her attention is riveted on the man sitting with her. "So you expect me to just believe all this crap you're shovelling my way?" she asks, sounding rather amused.

The swordsman is no diplomat or negotiator. But he knows when to make himself scarce. He walks past the pirate, seating himself and summoning service by way of a handful of jade scrip slapped onto his table. And he listens.

The old man laughs in response. "Yes, yes, the 'crap' I am shovelling. You really think you can play this game with me, Wavecutter?" he asks. The man's voice is calm, but a varnish of sarcasm covers his every word. "Yes, I'm sure it was simply luck that led you to hold so many ships. It was luck that has made your little makeshift navy one of the most powerful forces on the sea. Or perhaps I'm right, and you are just like that man there." The eerie, green-specked eyes and green irises of the man seem like the echo of memory as they lock on Ryushi's face. "Why not ask him to join us, Wavecutter? He's right on time."

Wavecutter frowns thoughfully. She folds her hands and peers over them at the man. "If you want me to have a stranger at the table, you are paying." She gestures impatiently at Ryushi, pointing to an empty seat. "So tell me why it is I should pay attention to any of this crap?" she demands. From her tone, it's obvious she's been asking this question for a while now.

Ryushi scoops up his scrip and neatly pockets it, changing tables without a word. He settles in and stares at the other man with a focused intensity.

The man smiles thinly, "There, was that so hard?" Without even looking he extends his right foot, catching a drink that the tavern wench was about to drop. Not even a single drop spills as he kicks it back up onto her tray. "Now that we're all here, I will start in truth. Like most of your kind, you are probably going to prove insufferable and impossible, but it is my purpose to seed you with information. It has always been in your hands what you should do with it."

Wavecutter looks ready to hit the old man, but seeing him make that move gets her interested. That wasn't something a mortal could do. "Go on," she says flatly.

"By now, you both know what you are, so there's no point going on about that," says the strange man. He looks down to a strange, multicolored ring on his right hand. Though Ryushi cannot see anything, he is certainly smart enough to figure out that essence is being used. "Now that nobody can hear us, I think it is time I tell you that running about alone or in pairs is a waste of time. I represent a.. faction that is managing the return of the Lawgivers. That would be you, which some call Anathema."

"I have the alliance of Cynis Megara and a woman called Ami, who is now master of a city she calls Alphapolis," Ryushi says calmly, glancing at Wavecutter. "I've come to speak to her about joining in our enterprise as well."

Wavecutter arches an eyebrow, "Been rubbing elbows a bit since you swung through my neck, eh?" She looks to the man intently. "There's something about you that makes you very hard to trust. You got some point here? You know what we are, you aren't one of us, but you aren't any Realm rat, either."

The man snorts at the words of Wavecutter. "So at least one of you is acting in a reasonable fashion. As for the Realm, I certainly serve it. Without the Realm, there would have been nothing at all. Still, the rightful Realm does not allow children to play in thrones. This.. farce is what you are going to help me undo. But not now. Perhaps not for centuries."

Ryushi shakes his head. "The Realm doesn't matter to me. Only.. an island, now eaten by the Wyld. If you wish my help, you'll help me in turn," he says firmly.

"I do not wish for your help," replies the man. "I am here to tell you that you have drawn attention. My faction is not the only one fascinated by your return. Surely you didn't think the stupid dragon blooded were able to hold down the mightiest of the exalts on their own! You are growing, but you are far from strong yet." He looks to Ryushi seriously, "And your search is a dangerous one. Think of how much you have done so far, just trying to unlock this mystery of the past. There are no legacies that can be lightly managed, least of all a living soul."

Ryu narrows his eyes and stares at the stranger. "If you know of this, then you know what I have done and why I do it. Do you think that I've undertaken this lightly?" He lets this hang for a moment, then speaks on. "I've no love for the Blessed Isle, though I was born on it. I've no patience for the riddles of other demigods, though I'm one of them. I've no understanding of any mysteries I have not yet solved. I follow this quest to know my place in the world. Only then will I consider greater action."

The man seems untroubled by the doubt and questions of others. If anything, it seems they please him. "Ahh, yes, yes, of course." He leans back and goes off on a tangent, "So how much of the world have you seen? I imagine by now your dreams have shown you the world that was."

Ryushi shrugs. "I've seen from Nexus to the Archipelago. I've not ventured to the North or South, nor further into the Threshold. And I've seen hints of the wonders that have been lost. That's your real question, isn't it - do I appreciate the magnitude of our fall from grace?"

"Perhaps it was," answers the man strangely. Wavecutter frowns deeply. "I've been far west and followed the coasts to the south. I've seem hints in many places that the world was once far wider. It's shrinking bit by bit."

Ryushi pulls back his sleeve, exposing one of the orichalcum amulets half-buried in his flesh. He stares at the other man. "To push back the boundaries of the Wyld is my quest," he says. "And I won't stop until I succeed."

The man nods quickly, "Shrinking.. and as it does, its failing reflects upon the heavens, eating away at the divine like a famine devours the men of Creation." His strange eyes lock on Ryushi, "That is an amibition that interests us greatly. Ever since the Lawgivers descended Creation has been devoured. Tell me, do you know why this choice was made, or by whom?"

Ryushi shakes his head. "I imagine the Lunar Exalted can tell me," he replies blandly.

"Yes," replies the man. "Good. They will make an interesting meeting. I will have to ensure that it happens." The eyes of the stranger brighten a moment, and then go almost black. "Yes, yes. Of course. A most logical approach. Certainly what a Dawn would do." Whatever it is he is referring to is not shared. "Naturally they will try to stop you, but I think my bureau may be able to file an injunction to slow them down." He looks to Wavecutter, "Work with this man. I see no point in spreading what few resources I have thin to aid a brigand."

Ryushi clasps his fingers together and leans forward. "I assume there's no point in asking you to join with us on our terms is there. Nor in asking you to inform us of your own plans."

"Far faster on the pick-up than we anticipated," murmurs the man. He is making a mental note of that. "Well, now that that is settled, I think we could conclude our business. Well, if we had any." He looks at Wavecutter closely. "You will be a problem. I can see that already. No matter which way we push you, you will fight it. Think of it this way: I know your mind, and I am not going to waste time helping you, and knowing your mind, I could lead you wherever I want. Or could I? Am I now? You probably want to know what I stand to gain. I simply want to be right. I need your influence to continue so that a fate might be formed that makes me right."

"You should know that Wavecutter speaks her own tongue, stranger," Ryu observes, turning to the pirate. "Let me give you a language lesson." And to the woman he says simply: "The island of two dragons. We can salvage anything that survived - everything, given time. Think it over."

"Of course, of course, you are Solars, you will do as you think best," replies the man. He smirks at this, his tone condescending. "I am only trying to show you the right path and to keep you alive until you do something useful."

Ryushi shrugs. "You have been useful to me already," he says. "If I ever find myself before my master's ghost, I can tell him that he was wrong about the children of the Stars being the spirits of Heaven. They are an entirely other thing."

"He was not always wrong," replies the man. "But that is your fault as much as mine. At least some of us realize now that what brought you down is killing us as well." He looks thoughtful for a time, but only says, "In time we will speak of this again. I want to see what happens. Definitely fascinating." He rises and says to the Solars, "I hope you both survive. In better times, I would have far more good to do for you, but my bureau has only three members, and one is going to die in three hours, setting us back another three decades."

"My condolences," the warrior says calmly. His sentiment is sincere; whatever a man's personality, the loss of a comrade is a loss to all.

"What will be, will be," replies the man. "Do not die." He looks about and shakes his head. "We've fallen as far as we can. Any slip now and Creation will first be turned into a graveyard, and then be nothing but unchained potential." He takes a few steps towards the door, then vanishes, leaving Wavecutter and Ryushi to themselves.

Ryushi watches the man leave. He shrugs, and returns his attention to Wavecutter. "I was serious."

"He's a nutter," replies Wavecutter. "But a dangerous one. Now that I think of it, I've seen him before. I haven't a clue why I didn't remember it before. How can you forget those eyes?" She frowns and shakes her head, "Anyhow, I'm interested. What do you have for me? And what the hell is an Alphapolis?"

"We met a member of the Twilight Caste," Ryu says - 'we' meaning Tanuki and himself. "We led her to a First Age city. She has.. transformed it. She's managed to produce new automata. If they can salvage, and if we can speak to the gods of the abyss for their blessing, there's no reason we can't dredge up whatever sank."

"Another cut with the gods," grumbles Wavecutter. "I get really bored dumping blood in the ocean some days. So assuming we can dredge it up, what then? I haven't exactly found a good place to claim as my own. We are making do with a few uncharted islands right now, dodging patrols. Something big is up, because the only ships I see are going to the Realm, and they are armed to the teeth."

"We'll get Ami to build you a floating city," Ryu replies calmly. "I have every confidence that she could do it." Mindful that the man's zone of silence may have left with him, the swordsman has lowered his voice, and keeps it still lower. "Are you in?"

Wavecutter glares at the door for a moment, then nods. "That nutter is bugging me, but I'm in. I'll leave word here for my fleet to make themselves scarce for a bit while I'm away. We have enough swag to last years, by now. Maybe you can tell me what's really happening. I haven't had quite the nerve to drop anchor near enough to the Realm to find out."

---

The _Sun's Messenger_ has been kept well out of sight. Nevertheless, Ryushi takes time to walk Meggan through the market. Wavecutter is kept busy holding onto Kitty, who proves as slippery as a Sidereal in conversation, but fortunately more receptive to affectionate petting. He knows that the freedom afforded the girl is limited. The last thing he would want is for her to feel cooped up aboard the skyship, no matter how advanced it might be. Nor could he face Tanuki after neglecting the girl's welfare.

The girl seems happy enough, and once aboard ship the trio are streaking toward Alphapolis again. Ryu is happy enough with the wind in his hair; he feels accomplishment and expectation mingling, a sense of pride and a feeling of curiosity. The future confronts him, and he is ready to face it without fear.

As Ami requests, the Sun's Messenger arrives at night, descending into the brightness of the city. Meggan takes the time to swing past the Alphapolis, which has grown by leaps and bounds. It has also just started its first migration, laying out roadspans as it creeps slowly from the city.

Wavecutter is not sure what to make of all of this. It sure makes everything she's done with the fleet seem rather small. The Sun's Messenger fascinates her greatly, of course. "I think we've got to work out a more longterm partnership," she suggests. Her smirk doesn't make the point any less sincere.

Ryushi knows better than to look for Ami personally. Instead he approaches one of the terminals upon landing, and speaks to the air. "Ami."

"Yes?" The terminals are commonly used in this way. "You have brought someone new. Oh, and tell Meggan that a drone will guide her to the palace. Alissa wants to speak with her." That friendship has helped a great deal in Meggan's health. Who better to understand the limitations Meggan faces than a woman whose limitations are perhaps even more severe?

"I'll do so," Ryu says. "This is Wavecutter, another Solar. I've come here with her to ask for a new city. A floating city suitable for use by a pirate fleet. It will need your automata as well, to salvage under the sea. In trade she and I will propitiate the sea-gods, and you will receive a share of the wonders we dredge up. We'll discuss this when you are free."

"I'm free enough," replies Ami. The terminal lights and shows where Ami is. She's in another part of the city that Ryushi has not seen her in. The farthest north point, to be precise. Luckily the terminals make it easy to get there. The walk is not a short one. For Wavecutter, the walk is enlightening. She has never seen a first age city restore to this extent. "People could actually come and live here," she murmurs.

Meggan has been appropriately directed, and Ryu and Wavecutter meander through the magnificent metropolis. The warrior is unfazed by this, though not unmoved; if he were more free to appreciate the beauty, he would be doing so. He allows Wavecutter that luxury, as a guest.

At length the pair stand again in the presence of the city's ruler, transcendent beyond mere humanity in a short space of time. This, more than the city itself, gives Ryu pause. Still, he speaks as he always has - unafraid, honest, and fair. "What I wish is for you to do what you would anyway - more building. There are many treasures lost under the sea. Wavecutter and her people will guard them, your drones will excavate them, and you will be given a fair share of the artifacts. The rest, Wavecutter or someone else ought to claim. You have little use for daiklaves, for example."

"Through this, you will extend your influence among the gods of the sea, and you will extend your knowledge with each lost treasure we find. These riches will have a protector who will profit thereby. And as always, our powers will combine to make something greater. What say you?"

"I have no need for treasures other than knowledge," replies Ami evenly. As counterintuitive as it might seem, the more involved Ami becomes, the more human she has become. She even smiles at normal times these days. "We need not barter. I have thought long on this, and it is not for me to build only for those who might give me something in return. I will build only for those who need it for the greater good." She looks to Wavecutter, "I can do as you ask, though I think the greatest challenge will be making such a work concealable."

Ryu nods. "An admirable sentiment. Nevertheless, if we cease to offer each other what we need, we lose the Mandate of Heaven ourselves. I will go speak to Alissa and Meggan." He nods politely to both women, turning to leave.

"We will find ways to occupy ourselves," murmurs Ami. She waves vaguely towards a drone, already getting a meal prepared for her guests, and having another sent to Meggan.