Megara's suggestions on breaking through the dangerous webs that surround the Realm's most formidible learning institution are fairly straight forward. "If you have something that keeps you from being seen, heard, or killed, it will be useful. If you have the means to acquire such things, do so hastily. A golden opportunity is approaching." Interestingly, she adds, "I think I can help you in this. Of course, there are some things there that would greatly aid my own studies.." It seems that she wants this little relationship to continue.

Ryushi nods slowly. He understands the Realm's position toward Solars, even more than he understands his own position on the same matter. Nevertheless, Megara is an associate for now. The Captain has proved himself a comrade, and this helps him have some degree of trust. "I accept your help. For now, we have the same goals."

"The Captain has spoken highly of you," replies Megara. "Besides, you are far too interesting. You do things that are foolhardy and come away without a scratch. That is a most desirable trait." She smirks, looking at Ryushi carefully. "I have yet to see you devour a child or drink the blood of men." From her tone, it is impossible to say whether she thinks that is good or bad. "I want to study the forbidden materials of the Realm's enemies. Of greatest interest is this curious soulsteel they bear. To do so effectively, I will need things. Perhaps I should tell you what I can of the defenses arrayed against us?"

Ryushi nods. "The Hearthstone Bitter Frost bore is of interest to me as well."

"Ah yes, it is a troubling thing that they, too, use such powerful magic," replies Megara. "Of course, it is an interesting stone. A pity I have no means to find the manse from which it comes. For us, it is nothing but a pretty rock." She looks at Ryushi once more, almost as if expecting him to simply know where the stone comes from.

In answer, the swordsman withdraws the Hearthstone Compass from the sleeve of his coat, the stone still socketed.

Megara looks at the device calmly and smiles. "Well, you certainly are full of surprises," she murmurs. She folds her hands together and examines the device that Ryushi holds. "So you know precisely where it is, then. I have a feeling you already know what you should do to prepare."

"Whatever you need from me, tell me now," Ryushi says. "If you need materials for your study, I will retrieve what I can."

"What I need comes from the place you are preparing to rob," answers Megara. "It is very hard for someone of House Cynis to be taken seriously there, and no matter that I am the most knowledgeable savant they have seen in centuries. It is all about family backing and bribes. Except now I have a pair of quite able hands to borrow a few things on my behalf."

---

Preparing for the journey is fortunately a fairly quick affair. Meggan is as eager as ever to fly around. It seems she's getting a better control of the ship, and has been exploring under the waves while Ryushi and Tanuki have been away. This capability is especially helpful when one wants to get away without being noticed.

Led by the compass, Meggan soars to the north and east. She flies well above the ocean, giving Ryushi a wide view of the screaming squalls that wrack the sea below. The ship stays comfortably warm. Its designers thought of everything, it seems. "I'd never imagined there was so much water in the whole world," murmurs Meggan. "Ah, wait.. I think we are coming close to something different."

Ryushi watches the girl navigate, and smiles to himself. Meggan has found power of a sort, different from that Ryushi has received as part of his Exaltation. But her power has afforded her freedom, and her smile is richer and more sincere than those he's showed. He feels a hint of envy, but there is joy enough to overcome it.

What Meggan sees is for a time beyond the reach of Ryushi's eyes, but soon the eyes of the Solar can discern a growing glint like glass in the midst of the sea. There, among the crashing waves and screaming winds is a great tower of silver. It reaches half a mile above the waters, and about halfway along its smooth sides is a large platform that stretches out. Meggan makes a few careful passes of the structure, so that Ryushi can confirm with the compass. "Should I land?"

Ryushi considers. There are unknown dangers here, or so he suspects. "Pick me up when you see me on the platform again. Until then, stay well distant," he advises. And he vaults over the rail in an Essence-assisted leap as Meggan completes a final pass.

Meggan gasps when Ryushi leaps over the side. She cannot help but feel afraid. Fortunately the Solar is more than capable of finding footing, even in the terrible winds of the storms here.

The platform is joined to the tower with an arc, on which a stairway has been chiselled. There are no rails to protect one on this precarious path. It would seem to not be a walk for the faint of heart.

Ryushi has brought with him a rope and grappling hook from the ship's stores, looped over one shoulder. He readies the line in one hand, mindful of conditions here. Though he can cover vast distances, this will not save him if he's thrown from the tower by the wind - or worse. Carefully he navigates the stairway.

Ryushi's precautions are wise, but for the moment not tested. The stairs hold him steadily, and he is able to reach the gateway to the tower without incident. The inside is made of the same materials, and the same protection from the bitter cold is here, as well. It is immediately obvious that Bitter Frost did not live a spartan life. The walls of this entry chamber are adorned with many trophies of past conquests. Ryushi is able to quickly estimate that the artwork alone is worth more than many of the cities he's seen.

The interior is lit in the way that other first age structures have been. There are crystals glowing on the walls, giving off plenty of light. None of these are flickering or weak. There shall be no need of torches. Amongst this light, it is easy to notice the shimmering, pale form of a tall man with ornate, dark robes. Once noticed, he bows, "Good day, sir. I'm afraid the Lady is out, but I have been instructed to entertain her guests until she returns."

"I am not a guest of Bitter Frost," the warrior replies calmly. "She is defeated at my hand. I claim this Manse in the name of the Solar Exalted."

The man seems confused by this, and his words are awkward ones. "Ah, my apologies, my Lord, I did not know. Well, it is certainly in your rights to do so, and the Lady would approve, of course." He gestures to a small table and suggests, "Perhaps a bit of windsong to shake off the cold, my Lord?"

Ryushi shakes his head. "To accept the food and drink of the dead is folly." He moves through the room, deliberately studying everything, but retains an awareness of the apparition.

That, too, seems to confuse the servant, but he bows. "As you say sir. Well, you are welcome to have a look around. I will be near at hand if you have any questions." He stands near Ryushi, and follows him at a distance.

At this level, there seems to be little of interest. A kitchen, a pantry, and a few servant rooms make up most of this floor. A very broad stair stands in the middle of the tower, seemingly winding from the bottom far below to the very top above. The servant remains quiet for the most part, except for the occasional comment on the room Ryushi is examining. For the kitchen, he says, "I'm sure my Lord will find things quite clean." For the pantry, "Our stores are the very best." For the servant quarters, "Our Lady is most kind to us, but I assure you your own rooms will prove nearly as comfortable as home."

"Who are you?" The question is asked as Ryu moves in search of the Hearthroom. He does not know whether to expect further company, now or later - how many of her foul allies did Bitter Frost reveal this place to? Nor does he think this 'servant' is as neutral as he seems.

"My name is Caradassius Melarsas of the Province of Singing Flowers and Falling Rains. I was born under the star of Lady Alarria's five hundredth year and was selected for service here by the Enlightened Auspices of Queen Bara." The servant seems quite proud of his associations, his spectral chest puffing out slightly.

Ryushi hums. There are other neutral questions he could ask, and he turns some over in his mind. But he also has a mission here. Making a decision, he speaks again. "Take me to the Hearthroom."

"I will show you where it is, my Lord," answers Caradassius. He leads Ryushi to the stairs and striding on it directs the staircase to carry them downard. The pace is certainly a fast one, but not dizzying. "Naturally the Lady does not wish us to enter there for our own safety, but I will accompany you as far as we are allowed. I have been told it is quite beautiful, and the great Sculptor Kenek'ka was involved in its shaping. My Lord, you can imagine it must have taken some persuasion to convince one of his kind to come so far from Rathess."

Even with the speed of the stair, the journey is not a brief one. It is almost certain that it ends well below the waterline. "I can go no farther. The chamber is below, at the bottom of the staircase." Caradassius stands there, where he will wait. The stair's final spiral opens into the largest chamber Ryushi has seen in the tower yet. The area is full of crystalline plants and the floor is made of soil, on which grass like stained glass waves in an unnatural breeze. The chamber itself lies opposite the end of the staircase. The work is simply breath-taking. Kenek'ka was an artisan of immortal caliber.

But not all here is beautiful. Bitter Frost did not leave her manse in the charge of only a polite phantom. In front of the hearthstone chamber a vast beast waits. With a skin covered with pained, ghostly faces and having eyes like green flame, it is clearly the work of the Abyssals. It's two heads rise to watch Ryushi, and it rasps, "I am Garion. You are not my mistress. You must be destroyed." The creature rushes forward.

The golden blade Daoyang, ready for action since Ryushi entered the dangerous Manse of an enemy, blazes to life as the Solar brings his battle-magic to bear. The steel-and-orichalcum alloy of the elder age pits itself against the unnatural construct of the Abyssals, ringing and sparking as it meets teeth and sinew. Ryushi skitters back, guiding his weapon in a brilliant series of defensive blows.

Ryushi draws on his Solar power and speed, leaping away with incredible rapidity and grace. In three seconds he has crossed over half the distance of even this enormous chamber.

The serpent seems interested in what Ryushi does, and carefully follows the Solar, though it is not willing to chase a faster opponent too far. It bides its time, confident that the Solar must either leave the chamber or destroy it, and stays within range of the manse.

Ryushi wheels and skids to a stop at last, facing Garion from a low crouch. He holds Daoyang out before him, focusing Essence to supremely empower his sword skill. He must be more than the greatest swordsman to confront this monster; he must be the God of Blades himself, and the Dawn Caste mark alights on his brow in recognition of his prowess.

The distance between serpent and Solar grows smaller, the horribly fast creature closing the gap, though it is not movign as quickly as it could. Instead, its eyes bore into Ryushi, studying him, watching his every motion, and taking careful stock of this enemy, seeking out what few weaknesses a Dawn Caste Warrior presents.

Ryushi begins the kata he developed, or remembered, on the stone outside the village. He remembers the mermaid's words. He remembers the role that one man once played - the destruction of a monster. Daoyang swings about him in a flawless series of defensive strokes and mock-parries. And on the tip of the magical blade, a radiant sphere of Essence begins to appear. As the daiklave cuts the air, it leaves eye-burning contrails of power. Ryushi hears voices in the back of his mind, the whispers of a thousand warriors urging him to ever greater heights of perfection in swordsmanship.

The warrior leaps back, his whole body blazing with increased power. Daoyang screams with energy as its wielder dances across the air itself to deliver three swift slashes in passing.

Finding that at last the enemy is in range, the serpent strikes. While its sinuous motions will continue to do what they might to blunt the enemy's attack, it's focus is on destruction and death. Garion's two heads lash out as one, seeking to exploit the weaknesses in the Exalt's defenses.

Ryushi lands on one of Garion's heads, pulling Daoyang free of his last slash. He vaults away, gaining distance before the serpent can even wheel to follow.

Garion once again is just short of reaching the hated flesh of his enemy. The snake coils instinctively, waiting for Ryushi to come within its reach once more. From its wounds smoke of pale green mixed with black flows steadily.

Ryushi has received no wounds; he has dealt some to the creature, but it is still alive, still a menace. _Still a challenge,_ the Solar tells himself, aiming to slash again at the wound Garion has taken. Again he blazes forward, a streak of Heaven's light to avenge the wrongs the Solar Exalted have suffered at the hands of the world.

The warrior lands from his latest jump and almost collapses from the sudden attack. He clutches at his wounded leg, gritting his teeth against the pain and shock. Though he has dealt fearsome damage to Garion, the fiend has struck its own blow.

The Dawn is determined to be the victor here. The serpent's blood boils from Daoyang's edge, as Essence channels itself into and through Ryushi. He ignores the pain, forcing his flesh to knit itself closed with his will. He can feel his weapon's thirst for victory - not the blood or flesh of the fallen, nor the soul of the defeated as he imagines a soulsteel blade must, but as the weapon of a victorious hero.

Again he leaps, feet pressing off millennia-old tiles, lungs taking in ancient air, muscles flexing in response to his will. His body is a weapon that obeys the one driving force: the defeat of this monster.

The might of the darkness stands firm against the light. It is not a battle others the bards will sing of, for like so many that truly matter, it happens far from the eyes of men, in this ancient chamber below the sea. Yet the glory of this battle shines into the heavens themselves where the eyes of Helios, Luna, and the Maiden of Battles watch it play out before them.

Light and darkness, life and death. For this moment, Ryushi shines most true to his Caste and the walls of his soul and those before him weaken when faced by this terrible battle. The serpent's fangs bite deep, shearing the flesh of the demigod even as his attack shatters the soulsteel of his enemy, severing one of the heads. Garion roars in agony, reeling from the blow. The dark essence that animates him pours of the rent where his second head once was bound. Yet the serpent coils, and its eyes hold their malice. There will be one final reckoning in this contest.

With a battle cry, Ryushi launches himself at Garion's eyes. Behind him, Essence roils out in a golden tsunami, bringing vengeance with it. The warrior's skill is inhuman, blessed by the gods - and the serpent has no chance of evading his daiklave. What's left is his ability to strike vital points, sever nerves, open blood vessels, to rive whatever life or unnatural animation may empower this abomination.

Now he is a blazing comet in this hallowed chamber, speeding toward death - perhaps his own, perhaps Garion's. But the might of the Solars will not be denied, and he cannot turn back now.

The serpent falls to the ground, slain. Ryushi lands from his latest leap, driving his sword into the ground and leaning on it heavily with one hand. With the other he holds his chest, breathing heavily, feeling the pounding of his heart and his ravaged body.

As the last blow is struck, a sound like a great gong being struck resonates in the chamber. Above the broken corpse of Garion the air shimmers, and then a blue flame bursts into existance there. Four voices sound from all directions. "LET IT BE!" "IT SHALL BE." "BY MY WILL IT SHALL BE." "IT IS." That flame shatters like the cracking of an egg with the final words, and a golden figure emerges from it, casting its head back and soaring out of its confines. It appears as a nude woman formed entirely of orichalcum. In its left hand is a dagger of moonsilver, and in its right is a great lance made of the rarest of magical materials, starmetal.

Ryushi recognizes the Magical Materials, though this is the first time he has seen some of them. He staggers to his feet, without even enough Essence to dispel Daoyang, and watches carefully.

"I am born," she intones. Her voice is deep and powerful, beautiful but far from gentle. Slowly she turns her head, surveying her surroundings. "I am Born of Valor. This shall be my temple." She points to the Solar, "But your battles shall be my altar."

"I .. I am Ryushi," the wounded warrior replies, uncertain of what he is experiencing. "I fight to know my place in the world. I fight to defend the weak and powerless. I seek my destiny in the west, and I will fight my way there."

"So it shall be," she answers. "Let your mind and arms shatter the seas that stand against you!" Born of Valor looks back to the manse, "The victor should claim the spoils of war."

Ryushi walks forward, unsocketing the Gem of Adamant Skin from the Compass. "Will I be able to attune to this Manse without destroying it?" he asks.

"If that is your will," she answers. "The manse is open to you now." Born of Valor looks upwards and says, "I will cleanse the tower of the lost who still linger here."

Ryushi walks forward and kneels at the center of the room, beginning his meditation.