Jamie looks down at her hand. The electronic device, trapped there where a business card could be. Her thumb, firmly pressed down on the button. But not releasing it, not yet, not yet.

DeGroot stares intently at the device in Solak's hand in exactly the same way he'd pay attention to a live grenade. No alarms have yet sounded, nor have any eldritch horrors swarmed down the hall with murder in their eyes. He can only imagine what the OIS will do to him, though, should any of that happen. "Don't... release that switch..."

Jamie nods, fighting her first impulse at the surprise of being handed the item to let go, she keeps the button clampped down hard. She looks at Sasha, then at DeGroot and Nathan. "We should." She begins, "Probably check those pods. And soon."

_Your father and brother. This is the only way you'll ever see them._ The voice is quiet, but insinuating, and can be heard only in Jamie's mind.

"Alright," DeGroot replies. He looks around for an intercom. "If we can, we call for help. In either case, we back out of here, slowly. If the shit hits the fan, we might as well lock ourselves in an empty pod and save OIS the trouble."

_You'll never see them again. You'll never know,_ the voice whispers.

Rows and rows of cylindrical pods surround the group. Each of them makes a noise as it operates. But what would be the sound of a pod opening? And what would emerge?

_Should I even want to know? At this point, who is there to believe?_ Jamie asks, using the same facility, she assumes, as the voice is coming from. _Obviously no one has been totally up front with me._ Jamie gives no sign as well, but she walks over to the pods, the investigate what is actually happening, that button still pressed down.

_If there's nobody to believe in and nothing to hold onto, then... why do you fight?_ the voice remarks sardonically.

DeGroot says, "Hey. Solak. Don't get too close to those," DeGroot says. "We gotta leave. Back to that checkpoint we passed getting in here." He points back the way they came. The old soldier knows he doesn't sound nervous, but he also knows it's a total front. Even if this is just a sick joke, perpetrated down here, it can still kill them."

_So I just trade one false flag for another?_ She asks. She looks over at DeGroot, "You can depart if you like. I think I must know..." She says, uncertainty wavering into her voice.

A sudden stab of pain sweeps through Jamie's arm. Her hand briefly goes numb, then starts to throb. The device she's holding onto is generating some sort of painful electric shock.

Jamie starts as her hand stings from the pain.. She looks down, as the device, whatever it is, is released from her hand. "Damnit, that thing bit me!" She screams. It starts to slip out of her hand...

DeGroot leaps forward and wraps his hands around Solak's, finding his finger now on the proverbial button. "Shit," he mutters.

DeGroot looks straight at Solak. "It's still going," he mutters. "I'm giving you ten seconds to decide where your loyalties lie. If your brother is down here, he will still be down here in a week, or a month, or a year. However, if we stay here to see him, then... very likely... several of us will die. Which is it going to be?"

Jamie looks at DeGroot, "It's going to burn our hands off if we don't put it down." She says, still screaming in pain, her hand trapped between DeGroot's and the item. She slows. "I will never get this chance again. You expect me to give up what I have been working for before I even met you or joined the crew?"

DeGroot takes the device from Jamie, wincing as it shocks him again. "I'm taking this back to the checkpoint. Then I'm locking the door, and dropping it in the nearest bin. Come with me if you don't want to know what happens in here after that." He walks off towards the exit, quickening his pace after a few steps.

Sasha hesitates. He's been staring worriedly at the pods. Now he looks instead at Jamie. "Make the right choice," he says quietly, but it doesn't seem clear what he thinks that is.

Jamie starts as the item is shook from her grasp.. She looks defiantly at DeGroot. "I will see you later then." She says, with utmost certainty. And she walks over to the pods that were indicated.

"I hope so," DeGroot calls. "Sincerely." He speeds up to a trot. He doesn't think the smell of cooking meat is imaginary."

DeGroot reaches the first checkpoint - and discovers that the heavy security door is already closed, and locked, and there is nobody else on this side. "Oh... shit." He glances back towards Solak and the cryocells, then down at the thing in his hand. "We may have to go through with it after all."

"_Someone_ is having way too much fun with his plot," Nathan says bitterly. It's the first thing he's said aloud since the CEO of the Chrysalis Corporation left Jamie with the switch.

"Recriminations later," DeGroot grunts. "Can you see any way to kill this thing?" He holds up the box. "It's shocking me, so it's powered. So... ow... where's the battery?""

"Damn good question," Nathan mutters, patting his pockets instinctively for the pocket tools he knew were taken from him at the first checkpoint. "Wish me luck getting the damn open using my thumbnail as a microscrewdriver."

DeGroot glares at Latham, but bites back any gruff reply. Literally.

Nathan is saved by an incredible stroke of luck - one of the microscrews is already loose, and although his thumbnail won't fit the screw drive, he is able to use pressure on a thumb to unscrew it, shocking himself several times in the process. Once he finally gets the screw out, he can then use the head of _that_ screw as a makeshift screwdriver to undo the rest.

DeGroot slumps to the ground as Latham removes the device from his hand. He glances at his palm - second degree burns on his right palm and third-degree burns on his left. Every muscle in his left arm feels like it's been massaged with a hammer. Adrenaline and fear has kept him from passing out, but with the pressure off, it's all he can do to stay conscious. He sits still, folds his arms across his chest, and breathes deeply. "This had better fucking be worth it for Solak," he groans.

Doing fine work on a live electrical device is still not easy - the pulses of current raised hell with muscle tone - but after a lot of sweating (and some pained curses from DeGroot as the damnable thing continues to fry his hand off), Nathan finally managed to pry open the case. "What in the name of glory is _this_?" he says, using a corner of the lid to pry out a tiny marble. "It looks like... a D-Engine. But they _can't_ be this small."

DeGroot carefully removes his jacket, intending to improvise a sling for his left arm. The right one still seems to work. "Lovely. Did they hide any morphine in it?"

Nathan massages his right hand with his left - several of the fingers are still numb. "I'm surprised they hid a D-Engine in it," he replies. "Theory says you can't make the necessary geometry in a size this small. Guess our friend the Director had a better theory." He looks down the hall, shaking his head. "But if it was a deadman switch, we're all dead men. Either way, let's get back to the others." A glance at DeGroot, and suddenly he remembers that the man had it much worse than he did. "Uh... do you need a lift?"

After a few moments, DeGroot levers himself upright, left arm snugly wrapped across his chest. "Not yet. But let's find an exit before it gets worse."

Jamie looks at the two as they come back, and shakes her head as she's filled in. She looks into the cells with the pods in them. She inspects the one presumably belonging to her brother.

The pods' contents are obscured; all that Jamie has to go on are prisoner numbers and names. SOLAK, D. And another one nearby that looks like it also says "Solak" on it. The pods have a computer console attached to them. But like any good lock, there is a key. The terminals want a password, along with some other credentials.

Solak. Jamie gasps as she sees the name, hand against the cold pod. She shakes her head, tears once again welling up in her eyes. She shakes her head, "It just can't be true..." She mumbles, but she's more trying to convince her self, her previous conviction gone.. She walks over to the terminal, and looks. Given these people's perverse sense of humor, she'll try her credentials and password first.

DeGroot stares at the terminal for a long moment. "They said they'd leave us down here for thirty minutes," he says. "Reckon we've still got about twenty-five. Me, I'm for finding or making a door."

Jamie looks back at DeGroot, "I doubt they'll be coming back for us at all." She says, as a matter of factly. She glares over at Sasha, "I don't suppose you can open this?" She snarls at her 'friend.'

Sasha purses his lips. "GIA doesn't have any authorization. I'll try a few things I've picked up..." He steps forward, working on the terminal for a few minutes.

"The staff at the checkpoint was gone," Nathan says. "What we were told is inapplicable anymore. We have no idea how much time it'll be before someone finally realizes something and blows the whole place up, or whatever their emergency protocol is for a jailbreak."

Jamie looks at Sasha, "Well, if that's what your plan is, I can at least help." She moves to the terminal, and watches what Sasha is doing... lending assistance if she can.

DeGroot leans against the wall, mostly keeping watch, though sparing a moment here and there to review the choices that brought him here, trying to find which one was a forseeable tactical blunder. _Everything always seems like a good idea at the time._

The man finally takes a step back. Nothing has worked. "It's a two-factor authentication," Sasha explains. "I think... I think the whole purpose of this dark joke was to get you to use the device. If you could fence this pod off from the others electromagnetically, make it so radio can't get through to any of the others, I'd say reactivate it. But I don't see how to do that."

Sasha glances around. "That many failed attempts. They have to know we're here. They _must_ know. They just don't _care_. So... being trapped down here is their plan."

Jamie nods, "If they didn't want us touching the thing, they would have been flagged when I tried."

"It had a D-Engine in it," DeGroot says. "Those always do funny things to local electromagnetic fields. Maybe... maybe the OIS can't open them either?"

Sasha shakes his head. "This is definitely their system software."

Jamie looks around at the cell, "Maybe there's some way we could use the D-Engine to power something around the cell?" She looks at the walls, "It would trap me in.. but this is my fight..."

"Then maybe that little guy was trying to help us," DeGroot continues. "In some perverse way. The OIS didn't give us both keys, so we can't do anything. So he gives us a master key, which would likely get us killed. Very cute."

Jamie shakes her head, "I'm assuming the OIS was in this the whole time." She looks at the pod, "Honestly, for all I know, it's all a front, and this thing is empty." She looks around the cell block, "I somehow doubt they are ALL empty, however."

"And possibly release a plague of dhohanoids on Chicago," Nathan points out. "This is bigger than just us. We're just the setup to a much bigger punchline."

Jamie looks at Nathan, "You know the guy who gave us that? He was the head Dhohanoid, you know. In charge of them all." SHe looks to Sasha, "At least, something like that. I wouldn't be surprised if this entire thing is just a front." She shakes her head, and kicks the pod frustratedly.

"Interesting, that. Chrysalis Corporation," DeGroot says. "They designed these to freeze you for space travel." He levers himself upright and shuffles towards a pod. "For slower-than-light trips to Kuiper Belt objects or other stars. So..." He inspects a pod more carefully. "They aren't prison hardware. Their failure cases will open the pod, rather than locking it down."

Nathan rolls the miniature D-Engine around on his palm. "Nothing stops you from redesigning space hardware for prison purposes and switching around the failsafes," he says. "But in this case... you might be right. Our friend the Director might very well have left the safeguards in opening mode." He peers at the device. "If he's the leader of the dhohanoids, that at least explains how he could make a D-Engine so small. He probably _wrote_ the damn Mysteries Within."

"If he's the leader of the Dhoanoids," DeGroot says, "then I can see why he'd want them all released. But that doesn't incline me to do him the favor."

"In any case..." continues Nathan. "I doubt we can just smash the pod with a hammer. To destroy the locking mechanism would take something more than that. At minimum..." He holds up the D-Engine. "A power source."

Jamie has been looking at the case, trying to figure out how to move it, or find where the power comes in. She looks up as Nathan says this. "Can you do it?" She asks, pointedly.

_One power source. Ahh, but two captives,_ the voice whispers in Jamie's mind.

_My Father is unimportant now. I want to see Dale._ Jamie responds, briefly.

"Maybe," Nathan says. "I still don't have any proper tools. And these things weren't really designed to be tampered with. I can try to plug the D-Engine leads into anything resembling a card slot. Does anyone know _anything_ about the specs of this thing?" he adds, addressing Sasha and DeGroot. "Anything at all? Even a guess would be helpful."

Sasha sighs and shakes his head no.

"I'll tell you what I know," DeGroot says. "What the hell, it's not like it will make it worse."

Nathan nods to DeGroot, then turns to Jamie. "One last thing. If I'm lucky, this _could_ be the key to your brother's pod," he says, holding up the miniature device. "It could also, with just as much luck, be the key out of here. I'm not sure if there's enough luck in the world for it to be both."

Jamie hesitates as she hears Nathan speak. "I need to see my brother." SHe says, her cheeks stained with tears, having been quite the emotional day for her. "I ask that you open this for me." She said, faltering and stumbling over her words. "I... I must know.... For sure..." She says.

"Then..." DeGroot replies. "Let's open it."

Nathan glances at the pod, then at the D-Engine again. "After all this... you know what? What the hell. I want to know too." He grins at the others, maybe a little manically. "Hell, maybe once we've got the pod open we can cannibalize it for more tools. Ever since China, I figure I've been living on borrowed time anyway."

Nathan fiddles with the meager tools at his disposal. A computer terminal, hooked into a medical suspended-animation unit rigged for incarceration. Improvised tools against repurposed technology. But at bottom, it's a machine designed with contingencies for failure, and introducing failure into a machine is so very, very easy.

As electricity arcs into the sealant lines, the login screen locks itself; in place there's a red display indicating that the pod's life support capabilities are being compromised. Emergency revivification is commencing. Whoever - or whatever - is inside that pod is about to be let free.