> (OOC) Log "Octave-2010-10-30" started by FallGM at Sat Oct 30 20:07:14 2010 CDT (OOC)

The lights flicker uncertainly in the barren, unadorned Cell. Jamie stands by, her eyes glued to the pod, as it enters it's final unlock sequence. Is it going to be her brother? Or something else? Just what will be here?

The damaged pod continues its revivication procedure. The implications of this sink in: if whatever's in here was best left imprisoned, it will now be more difficult to put away again.

DeGroot edges back from the opening pod. With his arm in a sling, he's not ready for a fight. _Like it would succumb to fists anyway..._ He tugs Latham with him; he got one door open, he might be necessary for the others.

With a groan, the seals unlock themselves and the computer shuts down. Power is systematically being diverted away from any surviving systems, to prevent a fire or electrical arc. The pod can be opened manually at this point - if not by someone outside, then by the occupant.

Jamie waits. Perhaps scared of what she'll find.. perhaps worried about what she's done. That sinking feeling at the pit of her stomach betrays the doubt she maintains. The myriad of possibilities runs through her head, all slightly worse than the last.

The hatch begins to push itself outward. A cloud of steam follows. And a shaky humanoid figure stands within it. There's some sort of physical _transformation_ happening - the outlines of that figure are not their normal selves. But what resolves itself is a young human being whose eyes are black orbs, dark as the depths of space themselves. Tears are running down his cheeks from those obsidian wells. It's Dale, as she remembers him.

Tears well up in Jamie's eyes as she sees Dale. Well, what is probably Dale, anyway.. Those eyes though. She's been turned so many ways at this point she's not even sure what to feel. It looks like Dale, at least. She asks, looking at the crying boy, "Dale?" She looks at him, to scared to run to him or away.

DeGroot keeps one eye on this 'Dale' and one on the nearby pods. _This would be a bad time for someone else to show up._

"Jamie?" The boy's voice trembles - just like she remembers it did, that day so long ago before the hospital visit, or when the bad men came. "Is that you?"

Jamie nods, and takes a step forward, looking at Dale. Easily within arm's length of Dale, but not reaching out, her own tears start pouring down her own cheeks, smiling. "Yes. It's me." She looks the boy over, "H-.." How have you been?" She says, lamely.

"They took me away, Jamie. They took me away," Dale says softly. "I'm sorry, I said I wouldn't get lost again, I promised, I'm so sorry.. "

Jamie takes a step back. "I know Dale." She looks at him, "It is you..." She says, and runs to him, her fingers caressing his cheek. "Do you remember what happened?" She asks, looking over her brother.

Dale stiffens. "Two agents of the OIS, one male, one female. Four additional figures in composite body armor appeared shortly after," he says. His voice has taken on a monotonic quality, more like a computer reciting data than a scared little boy. "Agents' names were not provided. Agents presented credentials which were accepted. Dale Solak charged with loss of human status and to be placed under arrest per OIS guidelines. Dale Solak remanded to cryogenic custody following standard battery of human verification examinations with 100% failure rate. Indefinite incarceration to follow." He seems to snap out of it, and looks up again with those black eyes at Jamie.

Jamie's hand zips back at Dale stiffens. "Dale..." She says, a little weirded by his mode of speech. "When was Mom's birthday?" She asks, a little wary now, taking a step back.

The boy takes on his strange condition again. "August 27, 2032," he recites. "Born 6:13 a.m. in Chicago General Hospital, 7 pounds 4 ounces."

DeGroot frowns, almost scowling. "He's still in there, but he's not alone."

"What... what is he?" Nathan murmurs, eyes wide, as he edges slowly away. The boy seems to be 'Dale' some of the time, but other times... Nathan still isn't clear on what a dhohanoid is, but _this_ seems to be something else.

Jamie frowns as the supernatural sense comes over her, "He is this THING.. This FILTH. I don't believe he ever was, but he is." She stares at the pod screaming, "You aren't Dale. Not anymore." She screams, and starts to attempt to close the pod.

"Wait!" Dale cries. "Wait! You said you were Jamie, even though you look like _that_! Why can't you accept me?"

Jamie pauses. "This? What I'VE done." She stares at him. "THIS was for YOU. I came here to rescue you, and find out that you are THIS?" She shakes her head, "How could you do this? WHY Dale... WHY..." She cries.

"But you're a monster!" Dale exclaims. "You're all black and insectile and.. well just _look_ at yourself! But somehow I can tell that you're Jamie too, so.. can't... can't we..?"

Jamie looks down. "I'm how I usually look Dale. What about my friends? What do THEY look like?" She demands, thrusting the pod lid back open, and gesturing to the rest of the assembled crew.

"They look human, they look okay, like normal, y'know?" Dale pleads. "But even though you've changed, I accept you, sis. It's okay, so please, please don't leave me here."

"What are we, some kind of non-human rights campaign?" Nathan mumbles to himself, glancing between Jamie and Dale. Maybe the Old Ones could make sense of this for him - and he boggles at himself that he considers that a reasonable and sane option.

"I don't know. I just don't know!" She shakes her head, and backs off. "I don't even know who you are Dale. Who you've become!" She gestures to the pod, "Maybe we'll just stay here, beside eachother.. when they come to find us..."

The boy tentatively tests the pod doors to see if Jamie's still trying to shut him back in. "Hey. Um, where are we anyway? Still in the prison?"

Jamie isn't pressing at this time, and has backed a good few feet away from the pod. "Have you seen this place before?"

Dale steps out, peering around. "Ohhh. Yes, yes, this _is_ still the prison." He peers at Jamie next. "So um, how did you get in here?"

Jamie looks at Dale, still in violent disbelief, "They let us in. Well, sort of." She says, looking to the others with a warning look.

Dale bobs his head. This seems good enough for him. Sasha speaks up, making an opportunity of the brief silence. "Dale, explain your purpose to Jamie please."

Again Dale stiffens. "Computational and observational dhohanoid, second generation. Observe, record, and integrate intelligence data." Sasha steps back, a quirky smile playing over his face. "A _jendervan_," he explains to Jamie. "Not a combat type. But he's a dhohanoid not because of the Rite - he's one because of your father."

Jamie affixes a glare at Sasha, "I'm assuming you knew this?" She shakes her head, "You." She just can't believe it. She looks around, "Well, Dale doesn't seem to be killing us right now. Even though the OIS was RIGHT." She grinds this through her teeth, as if it pains her to even say. She glares at Dale again, and sighs. "It is nice to see you. Brother."

"Wait," DeGroot interrupts. "So if Dale inherited it from their father, why didn't Solak also inherit? Is it... uh... Y-linked?"

"I'm adopted. Apperantly. THe day is just full of surprises, it seems." Jamie mutters.

Nathan swallows. "And what are _you_, Jamie?" he asks. He's not sure he wants to know the answer, but he just can't live with an elephant this big in the room.

Jamie looks at Dale. "I'm a Tager. So, basically, Dale and I are moral enemies." She looks at her brother, "Isn't that right, bro?"

While Dale fidgets, Sasha speaks up. "Jamie. I know what a _jendervan_ is because I'm the man at the GIA who's expected to know. It's my department. And that's why I gave you, well, the job referral I did. What I don't know is anything beyond that, as far as your case goes. If you think you need to have something out with me, you should speak up."

Jamie looks at Sasha. "Sorry, Friend. I've had a day. Clearly my suspicion should make sense.."

Sasha smiles. Somehow it doesn't look happy. "I know. Jamie, I did what I did because when we met, you felt helpless. You were trapped by circumstances you couldn't understand, because of the public policy that exists to spare the public this sort of knowledge. I felt that if you could look behind that veil, and were well equipped to deal with what you saw there, that you might feel empowered again. That you could come to this day, this moment, understanding what really happened and having a choice in the matter."

Jamie looks at Sasha again. "Choice? What kind of a choice is this? Between a brother and an enemy? I had more choice than him, clearly..."

Sasha goes on. "Things happened. But here you are. Your brother - or someone who answers to the name and recalls what your brother should - is out of prison. Your choice is clear. 'What do I do now?' 'What do I do about this?' But you have more information and more tools."

DeGroot rolls his eyes. "Are you fucking kidding me? We're still _in_ prison! And both of _them_ are still aliens to the NEG. What abyss have _you_ been starting into that makes you think _this_ is better?"

Jamie says, "I'm not even sure what next steps really _are_ in any real way." She looks at DeGroot and Nathan. "THank you. For letting me have this." She looks back at Dale. "What do you want, brother?""

Dale rubs his black eyes and thinks about it for a minute. "I wanna go home," he says finally.

Jamie turns to DeGroot first, "Well. I do have my brother. I could have been miserable my whole life, but now.." She smiles at Dale, "I'm not sure that's an option." She says, "Home can never be the same..."

DeGroot shivers, shifting his improvised sling. "Well. He doesn't seem inclined to kill us. So let's look for a way out, before someone shows up who does." He turns and walks slowly down the hall. "Great. Another hole in the ground. Starkweather should have hired coal miners."

Jamie quirks her head. "Dale. How can we get out of here?" She looks at her brother.

Dale stiffens again. "Dale Solak was placed in temporary sensory deprivation during incarceration proceedings. Required situational data is unavailable. Recommendation: reconnaissance."

"Yes, sir," DeGroot replies, saluting with his off hand.

"You know, if all dhohanoids were merely _weird_ like this, people wouldn't be so afraid," Nathan remarks, as he starts walking behind DeGroot, looking for things his companion might have missed. "Maybe _that_ was the Director's big plan - or at least his plan B. Get us used to the idea."

"I'm going to do some experiments with the empty pods," Sasha announces. "Maybe there's something we can do with them when their terminals aren't locked down."

"Actually, maybe I can give you a hand with that," says Nathan.

"Who the hell was that guy, anyway," DeGroot mutters. "Chrysalis Corporation? Really? Why would a suit come down here himself?""

Time passes. The party has fanned out through the facility. DeGroot with his training and Dale with his endlessly empty eyes probe the walls, floor, pods and exit for any signs of weakness. Jamie follows, substituting weary paranoia for battlefield experience. Nathan and Sasha study the cryopods and the available options their software presents.

Jamie stops short. "Well, it's worth a shot anyway. " She smiles, "Okay. I'm going to go into another one of these cells, and try and find some help, too. Please don't come visit me." She looks at Dale, "Especially you, Dale." She says, and walks into one of the cells.

The pods seem well-designed for their use. The necessary power connectors are buried in effectively unbreakable armorcrete. The terminals to the computer are durable enough to resist casual breakage for parts. They have some basic online documentation for the user, enough that Nathan and Sasha can work out the process of freezing and unfreezing a subject.

The group do find an assortment of hatches and vents, all closed off and well-sealed, that seem to be responsible for circulating atmosphere here. Others seem to have no immediate clear purpose, but they still exist. DeGroot can make out what appear to be fire suppression systems.

DeGroot inspects the fire extinguishers. "Well. The failure mode for the pods was to open in an emergency. So I have to wonder what will happen to the doors, if they think there's a fire down here."

After examining the air system, DeGroot comes to the conclusion that air is filtered into the prison system selectively, through a series of microscopically spaced holes in the ceiling. He's seen systems like this before in the space program, and he's reminded that the pods too were spinoffs of aerospace technology. The idea is simple: if you have creatures who can conceivably change their shape, become smaller, then even an air duct is a danger. Nothing larger than a gas molecule should be allowed in or out.

DeGroot says, "I know the principle. Bloody hell they were thorough."

Jamie looks around her cell. She sighs, and clenches her fist. The change isn't hard now, her beast barely kept at bay through this whole thing. The form takes over quicker than it usually does. She gasps as she changes, her form hidden in the cell as her limbs twist into her shadow shape. Taking a break to find her breath, she calls out, to see who's around....

The tager mindlink is a peculiar mode of mental communication. It has a definite range limit, and yet it seems to bypass conventional barriers easily enough. And Jamie receives a reply immediately. _Solak? It's Francois. Francois Clement. Here investigating reports of a bloody Elder Thing in Chicago._

_Francois. Hi. Yeah, I know about the Elder Thing. He's pretty well spoken. We're kind of trapped at the bottom of an OIS prison here. And there's .. other complications._ Jamie thinks.

_Do tell._

Jamie sighs. _So, I'm down here after my brother. But it turns out he's a Dhohanoid. Yeah. That._

_OIS is pretty bad news,_ Francois answers silently. _This must be serious. Need evacuation?_

_Yes. All of us._ She answers, flatly.

_Wilco. I'll contact the Eldritch Society for a team,_ Francois acknowledges. _This must be the one under their facilities, the cryoprison right? I'll be your contact. We'll be there soon._

_Thank you, Francois._

Jamie yells down the hall, in a dark voice familiar at least to DeGroot and Nathan. "Evac is coming, guys. Hold tight." This is all jamie is willing to empart.

> (OOC) Log "Octave-2010-10-30" stopped by FallGM at Sat Oct 30 22:12:28 2010 CDT (OOC)