"A high demand for qualified medical practitioners". That's the usual euphemism. The dead outnumbered the living two to one only a few decades ago. The charred and blackened corpses of the victims of the First and Second Arcanotech Wars were given the best dignity that their survivors could afford, but the graveyards of the New Earth Government contain far more headstones than actual corpses.

The survivors were another story. Lost limbs, lost eyes, lost souls. People whose livelihoods were torn away from them along with their vital organs or their extremities. Shell-shocked survivors of an inhuman brutality from the stars. Swaths of the population laid low by unchecked disease. Oh yes, there was a high demand for medical practitioners indeed. And that's almost what happened.

Hayes says, "." it had been a crazy six months since the conclusion of Calvin's scholrship application with Starkweather Solutions.

Hayes says, ".The revelation taht he was a latent PSI had hit him like a D Engine in overdrive"

Hayes says, ". the path that he had laid out for himself had fallen by the wayside, the knowledge that he was a PSI was frightening and exciteing at the same time. the path that he had laid out for himself had fallen by the wayside, the knowled"

Being a PSI was a frighting yet exciteing prospect.

The prospect of registering with the NEG had been perhaps the most unnerving

while the propaganda flooded the air waves, rumors abounded of the unchecked power of the NEG

Calvin certainly felt the need to do his part in the war effort, he just thought he could do it here in the streets of old Chicago

Calvin had been a regular at the local clinic, it wasn't something he wanted to give up, helping the common folk get by the folks that some in the NEG had forgotten.

Joining STarkweather Solutions had been a gamble, one to dat that has seemed to pay off

Calvin had seen and learned more in the past six months than he ever could have hoped to learn in a lofetime of Academia

And they had allowed him to stay in the Chicago area, to bring his new found abilities to the people he thought needed them most.

These are nerve racking times, Calvin had taken a step closer to the front lines, things weren't as rosy as the media would have people believe. The folks at Starkweather had been great so far, but Calvin was waiting for the other shoe to drop, why shelter him from the NEG? just so he could play Mother Theresa in the slums of CHicago? And then there was the NEG itself, how long before someone caught on and turned him in? what then?

The only thing to do was to live one day at a time and do what he could for people around him.

The answer comes shortly. Starkweather's board has authorized a series of archaeological digs in Migou-occupied territory - normally forbidden by NEG law. The pay is excellent. The danger is clearly spelled out - nothing is held back in the briefing. But one thing isn't answered, and one thing only: the reason for the digs. Still, perhaps that's too much to ask for. A little ignorance is sometimes for the best.