While the others go about their own business in Rome - with the tacit understanding that everyone is going to be discreetly surveilled by both N.E.G. authorities and a few local men hired by Starkweather - Lisa Lazarus invites Nathan Latham on a private tour of the Vatican's Lopex archives. While he has been through the holographic representation of them in his studies as a sorcerer, he's never visited the real thing.

Like many cities, Rome has been surrounded by the translucent shell of an arcology. But if Rome itself is secure, nestled within its seven hills, the Holy See is an impregnable fortress even to the city. Tall, jet-black spires of some faux-organic cyberalloy have replaced the ancient basilicas. They reach for the sky like the legs of a hungry spider. Upon them the builders of this place have made unto themselves many a graven image indeed. On every tower, statuary - of the saints, of angelic figures and of other things - decorate every level. Their hands reach out in supplication to onlookers.

The beautific apostles and the ecstatic martyrs gaze down from their storied heights. Their obsidian eyes watch as the air-taxi carrying Nathan and Lisa slowly approaches the checkpoint. They give witness to the holy mystery that is the security scan. The air-taxi locks itself into a parking slot, and a docking chevron extends to allow the pair to walk into the Vatican proper.

Within the city proper, the ominous black spires outside have given way to a universe of sacred light. Holographic displays of every size, shape and color cover every surface. Nathan watches as he seems to walk on water - the corridor through which he and Lisa travel ripples with convincing liquidity under his feet. It opens to a grander thoroughfare, wherein portraits and grand art of all descriptions project themselves into the air.

The grand aesthetic of Catholic history are preserved here. It's breathtakingly beautiful, and silent, and dry, and empty somehow as Nathan looks at it all. "The Stendhal syndrome," whispers Lisa beside him, looking at the display. "Insanity through beauty."

"Stendhal syndrome?" asks Nathan, his brow furrowed.

"Hyperkulturemia," answers Lisa absently, studying the holographics. "It's psychosomatic condition that may afflict observers exposed to aesthetic efforts. Artwork, sculptures, and the like. Anything beautiful. It's... not unique to Italy, but it's always been most common here."

Nathan isn't sure how to react. "I... suppose too much of _anything_ can overwhelm us humans' little minds," he manages, with just a touch of irony.

There are others who travel with the pair through this labyrinth. They move in groups of twos and threes, nodding politely as they pass. Nathan sees men in priestly vestment, women wearing the new style of priestess' garb that's entered use in the last half-century, a half dozen varieties of nun's habit, men with carefully tonsured haircuts and simple robes, and even a few figures who go entirely robed and masked, with elaborate headdresses. He finds himself subtly unsure of how exactly it is that they see.

Ramps and silent self-operating lifts provide transportation throughout the multi-level complex. At one point the pair board a platform which elevates itself at least two hundred feet in a single go. Along the ascent they are treated to a stories-high holographic image of the Virgin Mary, and Nathan sees her blink at him as they reach the top. A single tear forms in one eye and begins to roll down her cheek - a thing as tall itself as he is.

"We're here," says Lisa at last, crossing a wide thoroughfare and gesturing at a building. It's a short, sprawling complex of interconnected squares, and a door which bears an anachronistically handwritten note: FRA ANGELO WISNIEWSKI. Lisa knocks at the door. A few seconds are enough for an elderly-looking man to open it, squint at the guests, and wave them inside.

A voice comes from further in. "Show them in, Serge." The old man bows his head in the direction of the voice, and escorts Nathan and Lisa through a claustrophobic series of corridors to a study. At the high oak desk that dominates this room sits an intense-looking man of maybe forty years of age. He smiles broadly, rising from his work. "Dr. Lazarus. And Mr. Latham, is it sir? Good to have you, good to have you."

Nathan is still somewhat overwhelmed by the outer museum halls, but manages a smile. "Pleased to meet you, sir," he says politely, before stepping back. He'd rather expected Lisa to be driving the meeting, since she seems to know what she's doing.

Wisniewski begins walking, gesturing at the two to follow. He leads the way into a series of other rooms - libraries, all of them, packed from floor to ceiling with books, scrolls, globes, maps and other such matters. "As you must know, sir, this archive began with notes collected by Antonio Pigafetta, published in 1598. His family's tomb is in Veneto, you know. A remarkable achievement of scholarship, and led to several other expeditions into the Congo. Henry Stanley, Sir Wade Jermyn, and other notable explorers made some rather daring trips into the African interior..."

The man is reciting, lecturing, teaching - whether his audience knows these facts already, or even cares, is of no relevance. "'This constant tale of woes and death', as Stanley put it," he finally remarks, arriving at a locked door. "Well. What the Europeans discovered was a civilization - a fallen, lost civilization, mind you - that had predated the then-savage African tribes by thousands of years. In our modern African history, we recognize that early European colonial efforts into the interior of the continent more or less disregarded, if not outright vandalized, any artifacts of African cultural superiority. Advances in mathematics, astronomy, agronomy and other fields that had been made by people of darker skin were, well, inconvenient obstacles in the ideological er, crusades of the Great Powers..."

Wisniewski fits key to lock. The door opens. "Some of the great undiscovered secrets. Things which ought not to see the light of day. They were found there, yes. Allow me, sir, to present to you the Verhaegen room."

Lisa reaches out to touch Nathan's arm lightly. "The cost will be high," she says quietly, looking at him with her white eyes. "Don't hesitate. Do what you must do."

Nathan is sobered. Quietly he says, "I'd hoped never to see things mortal men should not see, ever again. I guess this world doesn't allow us such luxuries." He swallows, and turns to follow Wisniewski.

---

DeGroot regains consciousness. Things are foggy, and over the next several seconds the pieces of his mind struggle to reassemble themselves. How did he get here? He can't remember.

He's bound, hand and foot. He's on his back, on something cold. It's black. Whatever he's lying on is cold, like stone. His throat burns. What happened?

DeGroot tests his bonds, and finds that not only is he restrained, but the restraints are keeping him pinned down. He's apparently someone's captive, and can't remember how he got here. It occurs to DeGroot that this happens to him far too often. He swallows a few times to get his throat working, and asks, "Anybody there?" It comes out as a shaky croak... less brave than he'd hoped.

"Yes," says a soft voice behind him. There is a rustle of fabric, and a white-robed figure moves into view around him. Long sleeves and a deep hood which hides the man's face... until he reaches up to pull back the hood. It is Nathan Latham.

DeGroot feels a rush of fear, and chokes it back. "A stolen face," he says, "or we'd have died in Kashgar." He pauses. "What do you want?"

From one of the long sleeves, Nathan pulls a wavy-bladed dagger. The tip seems to glitter in the flickering light that comes from behind DeGroot, an orange light that casts Nathan's robed shadow on the back wall. "If only it were so," says the voice. "I want... what is best for all of us." Nathan steps beside the slab on which DeGroot is lying, and raises the knife.

"Goodbye, Angelo DeGroot," says Nathan. The shadow on the wall raises its knife in a double-handed grip... and plunges down. DeGroot feels the cold steel pierce his chest, and a terrible pain. As the pilot's vision begins to swim, he sees the knife rise up again, in shaking hands, to stab him in the abdomen. There is a burning sensation in his gut... and then, there is nothing but blackness.

DeGroot's perceptions shift abruptly. His eyes, fixated on the knife entering his chest, blur and water a bit. He's somewhere else. The colors resolve thselves after a second. He's in a bed, in a hotel near the dock. He's in a room. His chest hurts - his heart is pounding, and won't slow down. His skin feels cold and dry and hungry, somehow. He feels like he's shifted through space somehow - teleported. He didn't wake up from a dream, that's for sure.

DeGroot finds himself unable to move for several seconds, and it feels _wrong_ for him to still be alive. Fifty heartbeats later - DeGroot realizes that he's been counting - he leaps out of the bed. The last thing he wants right now is to be flat on his back. He's genuinely afraid - more afraid than he was in the shuttle crash, more afraid than the Johannesburg was overrun. He hates being afraid, and he hates being manipulated. He paces the floor, seething in a fugue between terror and rage.

A few minutes later, DeGroot's phone rings. It is Nathan. "Hello," says the shaky voice. "How are you feeling?"

"Latham," DeGroot snarls. "You got any reason to believe I'm unwell?"

"Y-yes, I'm afraid so," replies Nathan. "But it was necessary. You see, Dr. Ling was influenced by way of her dreams. They introduced ideas, thoughts, that she could not ignore."

"Like _you_ just did?" DeGroot shouts. "Fuck!" He tightens his grip on the phone handset, and it hurts his hand more than the phone. "What is _with_ you people?"

"Do you know how hypnosis works?" Nathan replies. "It's by bringing the person's dream-self into the conscious world. In our dreams, we can be led to believe almost anything. And magic can make the process even more potent." A brief pause. "But now, your dream-self can't hear any voices from outside. Do you understand?"

"Understand?" DeGroot barks. "Are you fucking kidding me? Of course I don't understand!" He puts his hand to his chest, making sure it's still in one piece. "Stay out of my head, and I'll keep my fist out of your face!" The pilot slams the phone down, hurting his wrist. He curses again, shakes his hand angrily, and looks for his clothes. _Someone in this town is selling a bottle of whiskey with my name on it._

---

Nathan finds Jamie in a crowded, anonymous shopping mall in Rome. The food court is brightly lit and banal, and the teeming throngs of Italy are facelessly jabbering at each other. "There's something I want you to read," Nathan says. He slides an open book across a table for Jamie to inspect, then stands and points to a particular section of the text.

Jamie looks up at Nathan. She smiles, and stands, "Like the new blouse?" She smiles, and turns for him, in a white button up blouse. She sits down, no matter what he says, and reads the indicated text.

The text looks familiar. And Jamie recognizes it after a moment. It looks like part of the Ta'ge manuscripts - the text has been burned into Jamie's memory ever since that night. And it's enthralling enough to read that she doesn't notice quite quickly enough when Nathan steps behind her to run a sharp knife across her throat.

Jamie's nerves are stung for combat, and so as she feels the blade touch her throat, she reaches down automatically, fo rthe sidearm she has. SHe feels the blade cut into her throat as Nathan runs the knife across her throat, she is already standing and turning, drips of red ichor drips across her gus and she tries to bring it to bear, the metal chair tumbling out from under her as she falls to the gound, her life cut from her body.

Without interruption, Jamie finds herself lying in bed. She's in her hotel room. Her heart is pounding and she feels like she's choking on something. Gorge is rising in her throat.

Jamie shutters, she grabs the sheets as she feels her reaction. She looks, wild-eyes around her room, tugging and stretching her sheets, as she fights off her demons, both Nathan and .. others...

In the midst of all this, Jamie's phone rings. As with DeGroot, Nathan's first words are, "How are you feeling?"

Jamie doesn't answer immediately, the black smoke, as nefore, starts to steam off. Oddly, it seems the phone is what grounds teh demon back down into reality, and as she answers on the third ring, only a brief overtone of death covers her voice as she answers, with aboslute certaintyl, "I've had worse."

"I'm glad to hear it," comes Nathan's voice. "On the bright side, it'll be several months before _anyone_ will be able to do anything like that to you again. Which is the point, of course."

Jamie gets herself slightly calmed, but the death, dark overtones in her voice are replaced by a slight bit of panic, "Wh.. What did you do.." As she comes to a bit more rapidly, remembering why she was in the throws...

"It might be easier if you don't know... oh hell with it, I've probably told you too much already," replies Nathan. "I've killed your dream-self. The part of your mind that would otherwise go wandering when you sleep, and come back with god alone knows what. Like Ling's did."

"My dreams..." She pauses. Perhaps that's why she's not quite as shaken. "I suppose that's... Good?" She's still pretty shaken up, and doesn't quite understand. There's so many things inside of her that are dangeroud now...."

"There's much worse than dying that can happen to your dream-self," says Nathan. "So... it's not so much good as less worse."

Jamie's hand lowers with the phone, her finger on the hang up switch. She falls back into bed.

Latham might feel better, or worse, if he knew that Jamie's dream-self dwelt not in the staid shallows of Earth's dreamlands, but walked instead under the mighty shadow of Aldebaran. It has always been so ever since the mortal called Jamie Solak was consumed by the creature which came for her - a creature who shares with her a kinship in the higher spatial dimensions, another alien Jamie from a far-off world. Imprinted upon it was her mind and her whole self, and given to it was the gift of assuming her form. But its dream-self once strode among the vistas of another world and stood amidst the ultraviolet ambience of the Gardens of Honath-Lit. And there it will walk again in time, when this puppet called Jamie Solak perishes from the earth.

---

Nathan hangs up. He turns to look at Lisa Lazarus, who has been helping to supervise the rituals. She smiles, hesitantly.

"Listen, Nathan. You're going to forget this, but I need to tell you. You see--"

There's a brief moment of disorientation. And Nathan Latham sees a strange robed man plunge a knife into his heart. He lets out a long, final sigh of surprise.