After a fitful night of sleep, one in which Nathan didn't come back to the ship, the crew who has chosen to remain onboard as their home awaken to the Rome sunrise. The yellow sun is oranged through the hazy dusty glow as the sunlight filters through the protective dome of the ancient city. Their landing pad is light on activity, but even at this early hour, ships can be seen coming and going periodically.

Jamie starts awake, her fingers finding her rifle, and stroking her fingertips down it's barrel, her eyes dazed for a but. A smokey blackness can almost be seen around her, drifting off of her bed as she wakes up to face the day. After taking care of her daily ablutions , Jamie sets off to the port authority.

Jamie notes Nathan coming the opposite way from her, presumable back to the ship. She takes the opportunity to stare daggers at the man. (No, not literally) As the pass. She does wave him over, her cold stare not leaving his face.

Nathan is visibly cowed, especially because the bags under his eyes suggest that he too did not sleep well the previous night. "Y-yes, what is it?" he asks nervously.

Jamie's expression changes almost instantly as the man draws near. She looks him over, "That's what you get spending all night out with strange women, yes?" She smiles, and points to the landing authority, "Come on, we have some work to get done. No sleep for the wicked." She says, this last with just a bit of edge to it.

"Right," Nathan says, recovering slightly. "I hope that applies to the bad guys too. I'd hate to think we were at a disadvantage."

Jamie looks back at Nathan, "Are you sure we're the good guys?" She asks, sincerely. She drops the subject however, as they make their way into the port authority station. "Sensei always said, always do your homework before you start breaking eggs." She beams a smile at Nathan, and then steps up to one of the public use terminals. "Or something like that. He was hard to understand sometimes."

Jamie looks through the list, "Nathan, can nothing be easy?" she says, without looking away from the screen. No matter. She pulls her PDA out of her coat, and presses it up agains the transfer plate, while pressing a few keys. The information is dumped into her computer. She performs a few other functions, such as checking the weather, and looking for departures, before clicking a few buttons and closing the terminal, "More work." She frowns, and wanders out, with Nathan in tow.

Jamie sighs. Probably the safest place to talk is back near the aircraft. She tows Nathan back there and explains. "When I was away in Lisbon, the buyer of the artifacts that I was ordered to sell was from a company called Selene Greyman Import/Export. She seemed to be assigned to follow us. She knew alot about you. More then I knew." Her eyes shift and look over Nathan.

Nathan grimaces. "I'd guess whoever's pulling the strings knows a lot about _all_ of us." He flexes his fingers. "DeGroot and I did a little poking into Selene-Grayman before we left for China. They looked at least as legit as Starkweather." He half-smiles at his little joke. "Under the circumstances, I think that must mean either they're really good at burying the bodies, or that someone else is pulling their strings. Whoever's after us does seem to be good at that."

"If you attract the best competition, then you must be doing something right, yes?" She smirks, "So." She pulls out her PDA, and points to the list, "She's probably on one of these. How do we find her. Only thing I got is that she's Nazzadi." She holds up her PDA, and shows Nathan, "Here's what she looks like. At least, when I last saw her."

"Huh. Never seen her before," Nathan remarks. "I bet she learned about me, and the rest of us, from our traitor, whoever they are." He rubs his chin. "Not much to go on, I'm afraid. If we took it to the NEG I bet they could do a face search, but well."

Jamie inhales sharply as the NEG is mentioned. "No." She says, flatly. She's not even kidding. "Have you ever met the OIS?" SHe seeths through her teeth. Is this a threat? She's certainyl not joking. "We need to find this corpse...." She sighs, "I mean person." She grips her nose between her fingers.

Jamie stares at the picture for a few more moments. "Wait.. Maybe we don't have to know who she is..." She points to the gentleman who was with him. "Surely we have access to our own company records. You think we can find him? Maybe convince him to reveal her identity. Especially if she's some sort of spy." She gestures to Nathan.

Nathan cracks his knuckles. "Okay, now we're getting somewhere. I come in pieces, take me to your terminal."

It doesn't take long. Nathan writes a short script to extract biographical data from the company database, then run the attached photos against a transform of Jamie's amateur photography, looking for high-probability matches. It's faster and less error-prone than manually staring at one photo after another, and it brings up a match. A man named Carlo Colonessi, living and working right here in Rome.

Jamie looks at Nathan, "So the question remains, I suppose. Is it a better idea to go and have an informal chat with our friend. Or might we have more leverage if we go through the company. Starkweather would probably be interested in any moles that are burried in their company, or that they have regular contact with..." She thinks, "It's not like we don't have .. information..."

"Well, you weren't just acting as a seller's agent when you made a point of snapping a pic of the buyer, I assume," Nathan says. "I think if we went to the company, they'd ask questions about why you did that."

Jamie nods, "Plus we probably don't want too many people knowing, lest word get out, yes? I suppose we have a lunch date, then." She smiles, "I'll get to wear my dress again."

Jamie taps her lips, "I liked that Cafe..." She smiles, and moves to a terminal, typing out a sort message to Mr. Colonessi. "We're in town, let's grab a bite and talk: Cordoba Restaurant, 34 Fezi Say 1:00?"

It doesn't take long for a reply to come back. "Busy at that time. Perhaps you can come visit me in my office."

Jamie taps out a quick reply, "That will have to do." She looks to Nathan, "I guess we're visiting corporate."

"So much for the dress then, I suppose," Nathan replies, smiling. "Unless it counts as business casual."

Jamie smirks, "It's better then what I usually wear when we're on the job, right?"

---

The pair quickly make their way to Starkweather Rome, or at least, one of our leased offices. A quick flash of their ID gets them into what looks to be a typical office building. Pretty non descript, full of eager mena nd women all pushing data around, as one might a factory job with no heavy lifting. A brief look at the directory, and some directions from a secretary land Jamie and Nathan outside of Mr. Colonessi's office. Jamie knocks, "Hello?"

The man inside is exactly who Jamie expected him to be. He's smiling, but it's a lie. Something else sits very near, lurking behind the smile, just waiting for the office door to close before it reveals itself.

Jamie and Nathan walk in.. Jamie is wary, but when walking into a trap, at least it's good to know that it's a trap.

Once the door closes, the man looks at his watch briefly, then laces his fingers together and rests his hands on the desk. He looks from Nathan to Jamie. The smile vanishes like magic. A look of deadly seriousness springs onto his face, having waited until this very moment. "Explain yourselves," he says coldly.

Jamie's face also gets serious. She remains standing, and steps to the other side of his desk, "I'm assuming you aren't stupid. We need information on one of your buyers. It's vitally important to the company." She looks him in the eye, "Also, you are probably in danger you are not aware of." She adds, as if this isn't really her main concern.

Carlo blinks. He looks to be considering this carefully. He reaches into his desk and withdraws a small, elegant-looking pistol. And he points it at Jamie. "Really?" he asks. "I'm in danger?"

Jamie shrugs, "If you think that a gun is the answer to anything that can threaten you, then yes, you are probably in more danger than I originally thought." She looks at the man, "In any case, why shouldn't you help us. We're all on the same side, yes?"

"Help you what? Follow me around? That was none of your business. I _never_ go there except for one client," Carlo snaps.

Nathan went pale when the gun came out. It's not pointed at him, but that's hardly a consolation. He's currently attempting to be as motionless and unthreatening as possible. _How did I get myself into this mess, anyway?_ he asks himself. _Why couldn't I just have stayed home?_

Jamie visibly relaxes. She isn't out of the woods yet, but if this is all he's worried about, then this might go smoother than she thought. "If all you want is me out of your life, just tell me who the client is, and who you think the client works for." She looks down at the gun, "If you want to protect yourself and possibly get out of danger, I'll be more then happy to help you with that, too."

"Why would I do that?" Carlo demands flatly.

As Nathan watches this exchange, a thought surfaces from the panic: _Jamie doesn't look scared. There's a gun pointing at her, and she doesn't look scared._ And he remembers the shuttle, and how Jamie mysteriously stopped breathing for almost an hour. Suddenly the gun doesn't seem like the most frightening thing in the room anymore.

"You want proof? You want to know what's happening? Let's go to the lab and have your bloodwork done. It comes back clean, I'll leave, and you can run off and tell your client that we've been asking after. You know, if you haven't already. If it doesn't, you'll at least begin to believe me?" Jamie proffers.

"Blood work?" This seems to have snapped Carlo out of his initial assumptions. The gun wavers. "What the hell are you talking about?"

Jamie gives Carlo a look, "Even if I tell you, are you going to believe me? I think it's pretty clear what I'm implying, but you're the one with a gun here."

"It's not clear at all, you psychopath." Carlo scowls. "I have no idea what the hell you are trying to imply."

Jamie snarls back, "I think you're being poisoned or drugged in some way, capiche?" She looks down at the gun, "Now, we going to get you checked out?"

Carlo lets out a long sigh. "Fine." The gun goes away. "And after this I'll be speaking with your management."

The trio go down to one of the onsite blood labs that Starweather, like most companies, keep on hand for all sorts of reasons. Cooperative is a relative term, and Jamie talks to one of the lab techs, asking them to keep a close eye out for antibodies to things that are unknown or rare, and then any traces of poison or other drugs in his system. Then it is only time to await the results.

---

The report comes back. Carlo is the only recipient. He scans through the report on his PCPU, eyes stony and blank. Finally he extends it for inspection.

The report summarizes a few positive findings. Carlo has antibodies in his system that don't match the profile of Rome's citizens. Closer inspection reveals that his cells show some sign of infection. Viral DNA has overwritten some of Carlo's cells.

The net effect is that some of Carlo's cells have been repurposed to produce a drug, apparently triggered by something. What that drug could be is not at all clear for now.

Jamie looks at Carlo, "So? You at least want to hear me out now?" She asks Carlo, almost fearing the response.

"Her name is Rasael," Carlo says quietly. "Rasael Ward. She's an employee of Selene Greyman. She's the only possible source."

Jamie looks at Carlo, and shrugs, "I would have that checked out as soon as possible. At a hospital or something." And then the idea springs into her head. _Kill him._ Jamie looks down at the man. He's only a liability, right? I mean, He's poisoned. If you had a toenail that was rotten, you'd have it removed, right? It's no different. She looks at him, impassively, "Any other info you have would be helpful, even if you suspect it to be false." She twitches a bit.

"We do regular business together," Carlo says quietly. "How badly do you want to tip her off?" Somehow he seems to have guessed Jamie's thought.

Jamie looks at Carlo, trying to imitate that cold stare he attempted to adopt when he pulld the gun on her. "I actually suspect that there is nothing I can do now to prevent that. If you see her, she'll know for sure. I am convinced of that much, at least." _You are of no more use, and your contiued existance is only liability._ \\No. We cannot.\\ _What is one less human._ \\One less Human.\\

"I agree. Even if you don't get treated, it's not easy to hide the fact that you know something you didn't know before," says Nathan. It occurs to the archaeologist that Carlo might be better at that than he himself is, but he presses on: "What do _you_ think we should do?"

"I don't know what you were doing before," the man retorts testily.

"Just digging stuff up for you to sell, it seems." She taps the screen of the PCPU a few times, "If you want any further help I'm going to need a copy of these results." She says, as she is sending the information to her own device. "Or do you honestly think you'll be left alive after she has no further use for you?" She hands the PCPU back, "Nathan, I'm not sure what else we have to do here..." And she starts to leave.

Nathan glances at Jamie's retreating back, and sighs. "If you must know, Carlo... the reason we're talking to you has to do with an attempt on our own lives. Jamie's right - you're in real danger once this Rasael suspects you've caught on."

Carlo just smiles.

---

First thing's first. She sends the bio report off the her contact for her rea job with a short note explaining that this was the seller of the good, and that the buyer is dangerous. And maybe this would help.

Jamie looks at Nathan. "Well, we have a name, and a copany. Plus, how many labs do you think could engineer something like this?" She says, bouncing the ideas popping through her head off of Nathan as they make their way, by default, back to the shuttle. "Time to find out more about her, yes?" She grins.

"Could be dangerous," Nathan says. "If her or her friends catch us, I don't think they'll stop at drawing the gun." He looks into the sky. "Of course, it's dangerous if we _don't_, too."

Jamie looks at Nathan, "If they wanted us dead, we would be dead. They must want something from us, as well." She ponders her next move.