The trauma of the Rite has receded. It's been a matter of weeks since Jamie was inducted by the Eldritch Society into the secret ranks of their holy warriors: the tagers.

Old wounds and angry impulses now live alongside alien urges and deeply disturbing visions in her mind. Hungers that nothing imaginable can satisfy have kept her awake nights. Of course, the Society hasn't waited long. Two weeks of intensive training, and three days of sleep and fevered dreams, were all that stood between her and her first mission.

It was a simple enough matter: investigate a little-publicized arm of the Chrysalis Corporation. Out on the unexplored frontier of their corporate holdings, leaning insouciantly against the line between NEG law and the Chicago underground, a company manufactures and leases high-quality gynoids: feminine androids built to serve any purpose their user might desire.

What wasn't publicized but was well understood was the steady stream of girls whom the company 'recruited' - real, flesh and blood women. The mutual deception was simple. Customers wanted a living girl to degrade and to use, while everyone would of course pretend that the product they received was just a robot undeserving of even basic human dignity. Not every one was like this, of course - the gynoids for ordinary paying customers, the special 'models' for.. special customers.

The girls, of course, were a varied lot. Some needed money and didn't care how they obtained it. A few were in it for the experience. Many had no choice - drugs saw to their compliance in the masquerade. For Jamie, the method of infiltration was starkly obvious.

Such an operation would be prime hunting grounds for the Death's Shadow cult. Bent as they are on degradation and corruption in all its forms, the Eldritch Society felt sure that they would be behind it. But Jamie was withdrawn before things got too involved: while sneaking about, she overheard snatches of conversation that led her Society handlers to call her off entirely.

The phrase "futile octave", and crates stacked in a store room, marked with the corporate logo of Harold and Marks Ventures. Seemingly innocuous. Now, in the Society's briefing room in Chicago, Jamie speaks to her handler, Cornelius.

Jaime makes her entrance, possibly with a little more flair then she should. What of it? She was the hot shit now. She looks over her 'handler' Cornelius. Such a word, as if she needed to be handled. She looks down at her hand for a moment... Then looked back up to Cornelius. "So, I came back as they told me..." She doesn't do the courtesy of disguising the disgust in her voice for being pulled off prematurely.

"While I'm disappointed that we didn't finish that business, this was more important." Cornelius' tone is neutral, but his eyes are grave. The handler's job is to scout out and mentor new Tagers - he isn't a boss, more akin to an agent or aide-de-camp. "I am to brief you on FUTILE OCTAVE." The way he says it, Jamie can feel the emphasis. It's a name of some kind, something meaningful.

Jamie looks up as the gravity of the name hits her; the same thing from the mission that she was so urgently pulled from. This snaps her back out of her attitude, at least for the time being. She takes a seat, and looks at Cornelius. She says nothing, having learned that questions are usually not answered anyway, and breath is usually best saved.

"FUTILE OCTAVE is a military secret of the Migou. It's the NEG military's codename for it, anyway - nobody knows what the Migou call it. They don't even know what it is. _We_ know it because of our spies." Cornelius paces the length of the small room, tapping his fingers together as he walks. "Harold & Marks are art dealers, with operations throughout NEG territory. If what you told us is true, FUTILE OCTAVE must be somehow connected to those crates. I need you to get back there, as soon as you can. Stake out the building. If new shipments arrive, get some good photos, video, samples, whatever you can of whatever's in those crates. Don't interrupt the shipment - we can't tip them off yet."

The newest Tager starts in on defending her honor when it seems like her reliability is question, but as he moves on with a different task. She thinks about this for a moment. "Alright." She moves to stand, watching Cornelius critically as he paces. "Anything else before I go?" She asks, already moving to the door and formulating a plan in her mind.

"Come back alive. You are the most important asset the Eldritch Society has," Cornelius replies frankly. His voice is level. His gaze is steely. There's no bullshit here, no empty words. He means it - or he can convey that he means it.

Jamie nods, and thinks as she wanders back to the Shipping area of the building. Of course, as a new gynoid for them, she has some leeway to be sneaking around. But probably isn't too welcome at the loading dock. Still, it seems foolish to try and make her way into the building from the back when she's more than welcome at the front door. She'll make her way back to the loading dock, once inside.

Jamie is cautious now, not exactly staying hidden, but trying to avoid being in a hallway with someone else. Her eyes are quick, daring from one thing to a next, looking for a terminal that might be left on, showing when shipments are scheduled. She clicks her fingers over the keys, looking at the schedule, finding the next 'art' shipment.

Jamie makes a note of the next art shipment. What luck, it's not too long from now. She looks out of the bullpen area and into the warehouse itself. Waiting for the lunch bell, she watches the human workers all migrate back to the lunchroom for break time. As soon as all the sentient beings have left, she wanders into the warehouse, keeping near pallets, and avoiding being seen, she sneaks her way near the receiving dock, and holds up around some boxes, waiting for the designated time.

In time a truck arrives. Workers stand ready to unload it; it's clear from their movements and their conduct that this is routine business. Boxes are unloaded, PCPUs are exchanged for a digital thumbprint signature, crates are spot-checked, and so forth. During this time, Jamie manages a glimpse of a few of the crates. What she sees inside would probably classify as artwork - pottery, sculptures, clay statues, and so forth.

Jamie thoughtfully pulls her camera out and snaps some pictures of the crate contents as they are unloaded, trying to get as many of the actual items photographed as possible. Art is basically lost on her, for the most part. She makes a careful note to listen for any clue where the art is going to end up, though, if necessary, she will simply attempt to follow one of the crates to its destination.

For the most part, the crates are simply stored here. Not in large, obvious piles, of course. They're mixed in with other boxes such as robot parts, crates of various clothing and costumes for the 'girls', and other less mentionable accessories. In time, suitcases, travel bags, and other personal luggage is hauled onto the dock, and many of the pieces are loaded into them and padded carefully. Jamie recognizes some of these as belonging to the patrons of the service, and she realizes that what she is seeing is an art-laundering operation. A few of the customers come here for the pieces themselves, not just a piece of the action. There's no obvious record of financial transactions that Jamie can find; they must be links in a chain, not the final buyers.

Jamie takes a breath. She takes a few more pictures of the cases, then tries to sneak away before the cases make their way up to the lounge. She always figured the luggage taken by some of the patrons was more for the girls, but it takes all sorts, one supposes. She tries to make her way back up to the lounge where the special models live. At least here she doesn't need to hide, as it's mostly where she's expected to be. She waits for the delivery of the luggage, using her memory, and the photos if need be, to see if she can be 'taken home' by one of their intended recipients.

Jamie lounges out on one of the couches. There's far too much red in this room for her tastes. He looks at one of the guys, who's toting one of the indicated cases along with him. She walks over to the counter, where he is doing buisness with the maitre d'. He seems likely, the way he holds himself, the skittish way his eyes creap over the various girls up here. She looks at him, "Let me help you with the case..." She says, and before he can respond, she pushes a shoulder into the man's torso. Whether the reaction is falling on his back, or simply staggering a bit, she looks down at him, and with an almost practiced tone of callousness she says, "Sorry about that." And looks at him.

Jamie watches the man's posture as he stands up. She picks up the case, a twinkle on her eye as she says, "This is heavy mister. Lots of fun toys in here." She turns to the maitre 'd and smirks, "Jack, Mr... " She checks the tag on the bag that she lifted. "Mr. Thomas will be taking me as well..." She looks at the man, who simply nods. "Lead the way..." She smirks, locking arms with his.

Jamie and Mr. Thomas drive to his place. As they stop, she pulls out her phone, looking at him, "Give me a second, toy. Gotta make a quick call." She taps out a message with a GPS signal at it to the ES, for someone to be along to the address indicated to pick up the case. She includes a picture. Once inside, Jamie performs her duties as trained, making sure as Mr. Thomas is otherwise disposed to carefuly drop the container out of a handy window. She comes back, finishes her job, and leaves before Mr. Thomas knows somethign is missing.

The analysis comes back pretty quickly. "These pieces were, for the most part, stolen," Cornelius explains as Jamie sits down and takes a drink of water. "Where they're going doesn't really tell us where they came from. And that's where we'll find FUTILE OCTAVE. We need to go right to the source." He sighs. "You're going to become an archaeologist."

Jamie looks Cornelius in the eyes, and says levelly. "Better than my last job..."