DeGroot leaves the hotel and catches a cab to the Starkweather docks. After Latham's little 'experiment', he's been having trouble sleeping, and digging into the sabotage problem is at least something he can do to aid his own fate.

He makes his way to the _Moore_'s wardroom with a PCPU and a pile of empty data disks. Prior to the crash, all the survey data was streaming into the archaeologist's computers so they could find the dig site; but that same data may have captured an image of the attackers.

Poring over camera data seems to be part of DeGroot's usual routine, for everything from counterinsurgency to finding nests of Migou in sattelite data. The data wasn't made for surveillance purposes, so it takes longer than usual; but that's not a bad thing. Sleeping or idly sitting by is the last thing he wants to do right now.

The data DeGroot wants isn't on the _Moore_'s system. But he can easily tell why. The video stream was chunking itself behind the scenes; the shuttle's feed wasn't absolutely real-time. The last several seconds will be on the shuttle's unreliable main computer.

The N.E.G. has been doing a forensic analysis of the shuttle - something Starkweather couldn't exactly refuse them. Checking, DeGroot finds out that the quantogram backups of the shuttle's computer are privately available in Rome's N.E.G. nexus. All he needs to do is sign on with his Starkweather credentials and start the download.

DeGroot stares at the screen for a moment. Something about this feels wrong. The NEG is unlikely to cause trouble here, but low levels of government beauracracy are notoriously open to infiltration... he waves through a message to Solak, Latham, and Lisa. Better to have them around if anything goes wrong. While waiting for them to arrive, he heads down to the weapons locker. _Someone_ stole those grenades. It can't hurt to have a look around.

Jamie is hanging around the ship, musing over the results of her foray into forensic investication. She reaches out, noting DeGroot's note on her PCPU. Under her breath she curses teh NEG, but sits up and head over to where DeGroot is doing his examination.

A quick inventory reveals only that the two grenades are missing. Every other piece of gear is accounted for, down to the last sliver in the rifle magazines. DeGroot shakes his head. _They could have hacked the manifest, too. Maybe I should keep these things on paper from now on..._ His thoughts are interrupted by the ship's announcement of the others' arrival.

With Jamie watching, DeGroot keys in his credentials. The N.E.G. city computer system acknowledges him, talking to the local echo of Starkweather's authorization services. He pages through "recent activity", finding the shuttle's computer image. And he starts the download, with little fanfare.

Jamie glances over at DeGroot, "Just remember who you're getting this from. We have no evidence that the NEG was involved, but at the same time...." Her eyes shift around, "At least, I'm pretty sure they don't much like us."

"Our problems are internal," DeGroot replies. "To the NEG we're just another pack of miscreant flyboys."

DeGroot folds his arms as he ponders. "Gotta wonder about that, though. The delivery you made... to Selene Greyman, was it? And the guy who authorized the sale. It would be nice and neat if it turns out to be the same people who tried to get us killed."

Jamie glances at DeGroot, "Things are never simple."

DeGroot doesn't reply. The computer soon chimes, and the distorted, chunky footage of the shuttle's cameras pops up on screen. The moments before the crash, frozen and deadpan. DeGroot shudders. "This is going to be worse than a trip to the dentist. Here, give me a hand. Four eyes are better than two."

The job now involves loading the backup into the _Moore_'s own computer, then salvaging whatever footage can be pulled from its depths.

It's fortunate that DeGroot was one of the first people to view the footage. It cuts down on the time required to recognize a face. What he finds are three men in desert fatigues appearing out of the sand, leveling two rocket launchers in the direction of the shuttle. The third is operating a PCPU or other sort of computing device - probably to detonate the grenades in the shuttle. Just before the first missile fires, one of the men gives a distinctive "bang bang" gesture with his thumb and forefinger, grinning widely. DeGroot recognizes him immediately. He hasn't seen that in awhile.

"Oh, Hell," DeGroot groans. "Matt Spence." He hauls himself up from the terminal. "Guy who was on the other side in another bullshit war. I cost him a payday." He paces the narrow aisle down the center of the room "The list of people who want payback out of me is getting way too long."

Jamie blinks and looks over at DeGroot. "So, the question remains.. is this freelance revenge, or bankrolled..."

DeGroot stops suddenly and grabs the terminal, pointing at the man with the PCPU. "But you still couldn't hit me in a standup fight, you trigger happy dipshit. You had to put a bomb in the hold. Which means it's still an inside job, at least in part. And that means it's bankrolled."

"We've got another lead, though," notes Latham. "Albeit a harder one to follow. It's not like he works for Starkweather himself."

Jamie looks at DeGroot, "You probably know better than I, but, are we 100% sure someone inside our organization had to plant the bomb?" She thinks for a second, "Perhaps someone from the outside broke in at some point?"

Lisa Lazarus has been accompanying Nathan since the _Moore_ landed. Now, with her expressionless white stare, she fixes DeGroot in her gaze. "The Moon and Sixpence," she says. "Is it supposed to be funny?"

DeGroot just gives a dumb look for a few seconds. "Oh... Selene... the moon." He shrugs. "They're just names. It would be very convenient if we found out that Selene-Greyman paid for the hit. Anyway, I'm sure we can get a an arrest warrant for Spence. He had no more right to be out in the Uygur than we did."

"It's a book. He gave it to you," Lisa says quietly. "I didn't catch who, you were all thinking when you got off the ship."

"A book?" DeGroot looks at Latham and Solak, but they don't seem to know more than he does. "Miss Lazarus, I apologize for being slow on the uptake, but you're confusing me."

The girl sighs. "It's a _book_," she explains with painful patience. "The Moon and Sixpence. Someone was thinking about it when they disembarked, when you all landed in Rome and got off together. They thought it was the funniest thing in the world."

Nathan glances around at the others. He'd heard that Xenomixes all had para-psychic powers of some sort; it's clear, at lesat in part, how some of Lazarus' heritage manifested itself. "Never heard of the book before. But I have a feeling we all need to know more about it, now."

Jamie blinks, "I, for one, would be more insterested in finding out who was thinking this." She looks at Lisa.

DeGroot is suddenly quite alert. "I get it. The only reason anyone would have to think of that, was if they knew about both Selene-Greyman and Spence... and they knew his alias is Sixpence. So that's our mole." He waves at the terminal and brings up a crew roster. "Any chance you know the face?"

Lisa shakes her head. "But this should be easy, right? Who gave you a book? He gave it to you."

"What if it was just an email?" DeGroot asks. "That would have gone through ship, right?"

Jamie nods at DeGroot, "Plus the ship should be able to be coerced into finding out who did it."

Jamie pulls out her PCPU, and starts to check through her things.

It doesn't take long. DeGroot finds three traces. First and most recently on the shuttle. Someone transmitted an electronic copy of the text to the shuttle's computer system. The text itself is long gone, dumped when the computer burned itself out, but the record remains. The transmission is recorded likewise on the _Moore_'s own system. The saboteur wasn't quick-thinking enough to erase this, or perhaps simply not capable of breaking past the computer's own defenses to do so.

And once the second trace is found, the third turns up logically enough. The assistant called Pierce, a British national, sent the text to the shuttle. And he downloaded it himself remotely, a few minutes after receiving a series of unassuming photographs by email from an outside email address.

"Photographs indeed," says Nathan. "There's an ancient trick called steganography. Most picture encoding formats have a few loose bits, and you can put your own data in them and the picture looks exactly the same, or close enough." He rubs his chin. "Which leaves you two problems: finding the message bytes, and presumably decrypting the message, because I assume our adversaries aren't morons."

Jamie looks at Nathan, "Or." She says, in a dark voice, as if repeating an inner command, "We could always just attack the wetware..."

"As much as I try not to take it personally," DeGroot says evenly, "I say that I like that plan. It's been a bad week. I'm in the mood to rough someone up."

"Besides, maybe we can all have a laugh when someone threatens me with a pistol again." Jamie comments.

"Modern encryption techniques are next to impossible to crack without the key," Nathan acknowledges. "Rubber-hose cryptanalysis is as old as the field itself." He grins feebly at Jamie. "Hah, yeah, that was such a good joke the first time," he says, his voice warbling.

"Do I understand that you intend to employ physical violence against this man Pierce?" asks Lisa, deadpan.

DeGroot looks carefully at Lisa. _So... she can read minds? Suddenly that doesn't sound like a gift._ "We're not always the best people. But... no. Tempting as it is to take it out on this guy, the greater good is served by a clean capture. Now... do you believe me?"

"No. I think you're going to beat him up, probably shoot him," she replies. "Either way, enjoy yourselves. I'll be doing some reading."

Jamie shrugs, "I'd like to avoid having to shoot him."

DeGroot frowns. He knows somewhere inside that he's just failed a test he didn't see coming. "We can't wait too long to tell Armitage and the NEG. So whatever we're going to do, we have to do it now. Let's make our choice and get it over with."

Lisa waves and heads off, apparently intending to make good on her announcement.

DeGroot taps out an inquiry on the terminal. "Where's Pierce? Where did he tell Starkweather he'd be staying while ashore?

There's a forwarding address in Starkweather's records. It looks like he will be staying at an apartment complex in the lower depths of the Rome arcology for the duration of the stay. The address is out of the way, and disreputable. Odd, since DeGroot's few memories of talking to the man placed him in the middle or upper class of British society - an affectation he adopted, presumably.

DeGroot, Latham, and Solak leave Lisa behind on the ship. The three take lightweight body armor, sidearms, and imaging goggles; all the kind of thing that can be hidden easily on the streets of Rome. DeGroot composes an email with their findings and instructs both the ship and his hotel computer to send it to Armitage in exactly 24 hours.

Jamie nudges DeGroot. "You know... This isn't the sort of place that our 'friend' Pierce is likely to stay." She looks at the building. "Definately not. There's probably... something else. Or possibly someone else here."

The three approach cautiously, from different directions, and meet in the lobby. DeGroot asks a few of the neighbors if they've seen Pierce lately. He tells part of the truth; that he's the pilot of Pierce's ship, and that Starkweather is checking up on everyone since the accident. He leaves interrogration of the building network to Solak, and signs of sorcerous trouble to Latham. After twenty minutes of discreet inquiries, the three meet to compare notes in the fire stairwell, one floor down from Pierce's alleged address.

"Just one thing bothers me," Nathan says. "I've got a bad feeling about this place. For some reason, I just don't want to be here. And it has nothing to do with what we have in mind to _do_ here - I wouldn't want to be here even if we were just coming over to watch the game."

"So, it's out of character to be here, Latham doesn't like the surroundings. I vote bail. This isn't high enough stakes yet for any sort of heroics." Jamie looks at DeGroot. "We will get this asshole. But this might not be the time or place."

In the distance, DeGroot hears a noise. People moving. He hears the distinctive noise of bolts being drawn on guns.

DeGroot's eyes widen suddenly. "Out. Now. Quietly." He leads the way down the stairs.

The apartment building is eight stories high, built from the reinforced successors to steel and wood that made construction convenient in the mid-21st century. Though nowhere near as resilient or intelligent as the computer-embedded organic-technological emulatives that modern arcology buildings feature, it's tougher than the old plaster and wood of the last century.

Pierce's forwarding address placed him on the fifth floor. Aside from this, every floor appears to follow a uniform plan: rooms in the same places, utility closets and fiber-optic trunks taking the same directions. The idea was to neatly stack a building together, then graft it in place.

The staircases are stovepipe affairs, boxed-in tubes of concrete reinforcement masquerading behind a comforting wood facade. Doors lead out into the hallways on each level.

The stairwells are open, giving limited visibility from the ground to the top. DeGroot, Solak and Latham all clatter their way down three floors' worth of staircases. All the while they can hear activity behind the doors they pass.

With Jamie ready to shoot anything that should try to come through, DeGroot tries a trick. Drawing his gun, he briefly confirms the short-range wireless connection to his Panoptics. The radio isn't powerful enough to give away the trio's position. But it does mean he can 'look down the barrel' around corners, using the gun's own miniature camera.

The door opens just a crack. DeGroot edges the barrel into the gap. But as he opens it further, just enough to wedge the gun through to get a good view, there's a bouncing noise near his feet. Something hit the door, something with a rubbery texture. Something was thrown from outside the stairwell.

Nathan looks down, automatically attracted by the noise. He sees a tiny disc-shaped object with rubber around its edges, and a strange blinking indicator on the tip. Vents are visible on the dorsal side.

The grenade bursts. A multicolored mist blossoms into the air around it. This same stuff has sometimes been seen on television before, very briefly. It's the police paralysis gas used by law enforcement and the FSB to quell large-scale rioting. It need not be breathed; it works its way right through the skin, leaving the victim motionless for minutes. The two slump down in the stairwell. Only Nathan finds himself still capable of moving, as he dashed just outside of the radius of the stuff.

Nathan attains the second floor landing. He listens for a precious moment, managing to convince himself that he hasn't heard anything behind the door.

Yanking the door open, he finds a hallway. At the far end of it, two gunmen are stationed. They're ready, but still distant.

The men are in civilian attire, using the sleek black submachine guns typical of military or paramilitary forces. They're swarthy of face and dark of hair, with a menacing air - Nathan would guess North African. Neither wear anything that looks like a unit insignia or flag of any kind.

"Shit!" yells Nathan, as the two men open fire. He raises his own gun in slightly shaking hands and takes a pot-shot back at them, dropping to a crouch as he looks frantically for an exit. Back the way he came? No, these are the best odds he's likely to get today.

The gunmen at the other end of the hall react in an orderly fashion. One starts to sprint toward Nathan's position, while the other braces his weapon against the wall and starts shooting. Neither are able to score a hit on the compact mechanic.

Latham bursts into one of the unlocked apartments - either side should have a fire escape, but he was conscientious enough to think to go for the one facing the street. The room inside is filthy beyond conception, a degraded dive into the repulsive recesses of backward evolution. Food, flesh, and stranger things lie untended in every corner. Signs and sigils of occult significance have faded into the wood of the walls, partially masked behind the used-up artifacts of heavy and habitual drug consumption.

Latham thinks for a moment that he's stepped over, or onto, human remains as he dashes for the window. He doesn't want to think about it. Behind him, the two gunmen are dashing for his position.

Gunfire follows the mechanic out the window. His pistol is stowed safely inside his SentryTech garb. The skin of his hands burns as he slides at maximum speed down the fire escape ladder, and he lands on his back as he loses control and falls. But then he's up, and running, out into the infinite urban abysses of Rome.