Solak and DeGroot watch through frozen eyes as armed figures in environment suits and gas masks pile through the stairwell door, guns out and at the ready. Two men enter first, covering the others. These aren't just cultists, they're a professional paramilitary force.

The paralysis gas in the air begins to dissipate. Two of the cultists produce handcuffs and snap them closed around the wrists and ankles of their captives. DeGroot and Solak are hauled to their feet and mercilessly manhandled up the stairs, still frozen in place. They're shoved into one of the apartments, then into a filthy closet in the tiny bedroom. Everything is pitch dark.

Jamie strugles against the gas taking her movement. Testing her arms, her legs, and finally her voice. Her eyes widen with panic as she realises she has no control, her brain sends futile signals up and down her spine, struggling fiercely against the chemical resistance. She gulps, as she feels another choice try and make itself known.

DeGroot reviews the events of the last few minutes in his head. He'd expected, at worst, crazies or gang-bangers... not a trained professional response. The lack of foresight may have gotten him killed, and probably Latham as well. It doesn't occur to him to worry about Solak. Now that the shooting is over and he's in the dark and unable to move, he has a few minutes to understand how bad the situation is... and to fight down a rising panic.

The gas has begun to wear off. The two captives feel their mobility start to return, along with a deep sense of nausea - if not from panic at their current condition, then from the aftereffects of the gas.

DeGroot tests his bonds and realizes that he's not going anywhere. His sidearm is gone, but their captors didn't bother to take the other gear - armor, PCPU, or goggles. Except he doesn't have hands to use them.

It might be the panic, it might be a reaction, or maybe it is tactical advantage, but Jamie begins to shift, her Symbiote taking control. Her libs curl and tear themselves into a new shape, a sense of dread and death filling the closet.. Liek one might feel from a full moon over a cemetary. While note immediately helpful, she speaks in a low tone. "Let's not open the door this time, yet." She begins to shift her position, as much as possible.

During her moving about, Jamie discovers something. The closet seems to be bigger than she thinks it ought to be. Perhaps it extends back into another room, or a gap between rooms, and there's a curious sense of open space behind her.

Outside in the apartment, the faint noise of human voices suggest something is happening.

Jamie whispers low to DeGroot, "There's space behind us.. see if you can get over there, I'll cover teh door." Her voice still has the spooky, low, hollow quality, and she's barking commands more than making requests.

DeGroot will take anything over sitting still, waiting to die, and quietly tries to do as Solak instructs.

DeGroot finds himself rolling over something quite bumpy and rough, with a peculiar texture to it. Another body? But there's no smell of death here. He discovers the back wall of the closet with a quiet thump and comes to a stop.

"That's it," he whispers. "As far as it goes."

Outside, a conversation is happening. The first voice the captives recognize is Pierce; his highborne English accent has fallen away, with the rough vernacular of Britain's working class shouting at someone else. "didn't know they'd come here!" he's saying.

There's another voice. Urbane, cultured, a hint of accent whose origin is unclear. "Pierce, Pierce, Pierce, my good man. My dear friend. You really are an idiot. The moment you'd discovered the survival of those two, you should have made other arrangements."

DeGroot freezes. The voice obviously belongs to someone in charge. He doesn't expect to recognize it, but he doubts he'll ever forget it.

Pierce protests. "They shouldn't have been able to figure it out! The plan was perfect!" The other voice cuts him off: "The plan was well-designed, Pierce. It was poorly executed. Perfection doesn't enter into any struggle with an intelligent enemy."

The other man continues. "Now the N.E.G. is no doubt en route. One of them got away. Lucky little blighter will probably call in the cavalry. Since I have no wish to undergo interrogation, I'll be using our other arrangements." There's a pause. "Oh, and Pierce. Have you anything to say in your defense?"

Pierce's voice raises to a shout. "Yes, I--" It's cut off without preamble by a brief hail of gunfire. Something hard hits the door of the closet.

"That was indefensible. Fool to the last," sneers the other voice. "Throw him in with the captives. Any stragglers are to use them as hostages if the N.E.G. arrives. We're going."

Jamie hears them move to open the door, and she attempts to scoot to the back with DeGroot. What DeGroot thinks of this she doesn't care, right now she'd rather avoid detection.

It's hard to avoid notice when one is in a closet, but the room outside is quite dark as well. Two silhouettes, backed by a third, throw what must be whatever's left of Pierce roughly into the closet. During the brief flash of vision, both Jamie and DeGroot can make out the automatic weapons the men carry. Then all is dark again.

Jamie listens. Outside, there's a click, what must be the apartment's own door being shut by the gunmen.

The body lays sprawled across both surviving captives. And beneath them, Jamie and DeGroot feel movement. Whatever they're resting on inside this closet is shifting itself about.

Jamie starts as she feels the assumed dead form under her move. She tries to move and stand, at the other end of the closet, the one near the door.

Something snags Jamie's calf. Unable to keep her balance, already precariously held despite the handcuffs around her ankles, she falls.

DeGroot fares a little better. He's able to get himself to his knees, and thinks he can work his way to his feet by using the walls of the closet.

The body of Pierce is moving as well. Both captives can hear something sliding, and feel the still-warm extremities _moving across their own bodies_ on their way to.. somewhere. It's not moving as a human would move. It's being pulled.

Jamie screams, a low, metereed howl, and she tries to kick at whatever is grapping her, "DeGroot, it has me.." She calls. And she tries to pull herself up on the wall.

Jamie achieves something akin to a standing position. Although she can't kick with just one foot, a shin works well enough on the way up. On his side, DeGroot feels something pawing at his own leg. It's far too lumpy to be a human hand, and the mutations necessary to produce the feel of so many distinct fingers would be an unpleasant sight - were there any light to see by.

DeGroot doesn't know which part is worse... Jamie's voice, or the implications of what she's saying. All he can think to do is to throw his weight against the closet door, hoping that the flimsy construction of the place will yield under the combined weight of himself, his armor, and paniced adrenaline.

The closet door quickly gives way, pitching DeGroot forward into the apartment. He falls to the floor, one of his eyes inches away from a hypodermic needle laying discarded there.

The rest of the apartment seems cluttered with drug paraphernilia as well. It's filthy, disordered, a den of vice admitting no law of society nor pretention of culture.

Jamie starts as she sees the light pour in from teh open door, her black, almost ethereal looking form exposed now. She hobbles, grasping and dragging herself along the way, trying to get out of the open door and away from that.. thing.

Scrambling out, the former captives spare a glance back into the closet. The lump is gone; only the floorboards remain intact. However much of Pierce went into the little closet, only a booted foot severed below the knee remains.

---

No more than a block away from that apartment complex, Nathan is scrambling for his PCPU to dial the emergency number. He's not sure what the N.E.G. will make of the misadventures of himself and his allies, but DeGroot and Solak have better odds with the cops than they do with their _present_ captors.

The call is taken; the operator's neutral, calming, programmed voice asks Nathan to relax. Using an LAI for such duty is more convenient than relying on a human, who might worry or spread rumors about such calls, after all.

The low droning hum of an A-Pod transport can be heard from overhead. It descends rapidly, revealing itself as a Federal Security Bureau troop ship almost as wide as the street. A hatch opens as it touches down; two armored policemen show themselves, beckoning for Nathan to climb inside.

"Wow, that was fast," Nathan says weakly. The adrenaline of his initial panicked flight is starting to wear off, and he almost staggers toward the hover-van.

Inside the transport are two rows of benches, each featuring a seat with safety harnesses for an FSB storm trooper. Most of the seats feature armored troopers, each armed with a rifle, attached to the ship via a harness. At one end of the benches, sitting in lotus on one of the seats, is Lisa Lazarus. She seems engrossed in her PCPU, but waves absently - not even looking up - as Nathan is ushered inside and practically pushed into the chair opposite her.

"Oh. Hi." Nathan says. He's had a lot of shocks today, and he's finding it increasingly difficult to roll with them. "I..." He trails off, feeling awkward trying to talk to Lisa at this point, and eventually decides to put on whatever seatbelts he can figure out and just speak when spoken to.

"I've been reading it, you know," the girl says conversationally. "The Moon and Sixpence. It's interesting. Did you know that the author, Somerset Maugham, was an intelligence operative?"

"Never really read much of twentieth century lit," Nathan admits. "Too late for ancient history, too early for arcanotech." A pause. "That _is_ interesting, though. Wonder if _he_ knew."

"Said he could have stopped the Bolshevik revolution in Russia if he'd had six months more," Lisa says absently. "By the way. You guys were incredibly brave. You probably didn't realize it at the time."

"That's... a nice way of putting it," Nathan says, shifting uncomfortably. "Thank you."

The transport has attained a high altitude - its pilot was scrupulously careful to avoid being in line of sight of the apartment complex. Now it descends with a sickening speed. The floor snaps into sections and seems to retract, opening to reveal the apartment complex below. The occupied seats tip forward, and the FSB's best men slide down a set of cables. They land on the fire escapes, swung and maneuvered into place by expert computer guidance. They shoot through or knock out the windows. Without hesitation they leap inside.

Through the suit cameras and the fiber-optic connections embedded in the cables, the controllers inside the troop transport are able to watch what happens below. Suit cameras, positioning data, and other inputs all feed into a single holographic "fly's eyes" display, projected into a tank near the pilot's station. Nathan can watch everything - the storm troopers as they open fire on the cultists that swarm out of the apartments, the men and women who oppose them, and the rooms through which they advance.

Jamie closes her eyes. Being found by anyone like this would be bad, especially anyone who might rescue her. She focuses, and takes control back from the spectre of shadow, her limbs twisting and turning back into their normal shape, the smell and presence of death no longer emitate from her, and she resumes her normal voice. As she changes back, a thin malyer of sweat is over her body, and she is gasping for breath.

DeGroot has been behind the trigger on an operation like this often enough. He knows that the best way to survive, short of not being there in the first place, is to look harmless and not make sudden moves. "Stay still!" he shouts at Solak. "Look normal!" For his part, DeGroot tries only to roll onto his side, with his face pointed more or less in the direction of the apartment door.

Gunfire can be heard throughout the complex, along with men screaming as bullets, shells and rounds rive away flesh or mortally injure the human machinery of life.

The apartment door is tested carefully, opened - DeGroot can see hints of a gun barrel. One man enters, dressed in FSB armor. He's a cop, raiding this place. "Freeze!" he bellows. After a second's inspection, the two can hear him calling it in on the radio. "Face rec IDs missing Starkweather personnel." Slinging his rifle, he kneels down. "Sir, ma'am, I'm going to escort you out of here--"

Behind him, one of the cultists has come to the doorway. He's armed. He sees the cop.

"Behind you!" DeGroot shouts, eyes wide with shock.

Jamie looks at the cop, and starts to nod. Her eyes glance to the cultist, "Cover!" She yells, trying to roll out of the way, clumsily pushing against to floor to roll herself.

The cop dives for it. The cultist unloads with his gun. The FSB man makes it to the ground, rolling onto his back and grabbing for his own weapon.

Jamie rolls again, yelling loudly, glancing around the room for any weapon that may have been left behind.

The cultist goes down as the FSB stormtrooper returns fire, breathing heavily. "Alright. Sir, ma'am, new plan." He reaches for the thigh pocket of his armor, withdrawing a small pair of cutters. Holding DeGroot still first, then Jamie, he snips through the chain links of the hand cuffs binding their hands. A few seconds more are enough for their ankles.

Jamie looks at DeGroot, "I think we need some of those."

"I hope we don't," DeGroot replies. "Orders, sir?"

Jamie is still patting herself down, checking damage, presumably. The NEG might be useful, but they still get her hair up.

The trooper moves to leave. "Alright, we're going to escort you outta here. Grab that guy's--" This time he's not so lucky. A grenade rolled down the hall detonates at the doorway, sending carnage across the floor of the room. What's left of the man's body is hurled to the ground, near the dead cultist.

And from the closet, both Jamie and DeGroot hear something moving.

Jamie looks to DeGroot, "At least it only seems interested in dead bodies." Her eyes look to the open window. Then to the splattered stormtrooper. She sprints over, and grabs one of the weapons. "We can probably get evac on the roof." She says, nodding to the window.

DeGroot spares only a moment for the dead cop. "Thanks." He takes the remaining gun and heads for the fire escape.

Jamie looks at DeGroot, up. I'll cover." SHe takes a position by the window, trainign the gun on teh doorway.

Arming themselves, the captives open the window - one covering, the other lifting. The fire escape outside is easily attained. Since down leads to a fenced off yard and a N.E.G. troop transport is clearly hovering above the building, 'up' seems indicated.

On the sixth floor, the pair happen to look in the window at the same time one of the cultists is looking out. He has a shotgun. He starts to raise it, a surprised look on his face.

DeGroot fires first. The SMG chatters, sending a hail of bullets at near-point-blank range. The man crumples and falls.

The pair continue to climb. They attain the roof, only to have three searchlights swivel about and converge on their position. "_Drop the weapons_," comes a voice over the public address speakers.

Jamie very slowly places the gun on the ground, the shows her hands as she stands slowly back up.

DeGroot happily lets the SMG fall and raises his empty hands. He almost grins... but the memory of the dead cop is too fresh in his mind. Along with Pierce, the bloodbath in the cockpit of the _Moore_, and the sand trap. He simply waits and listens.

A few moments of silence ensue. The transport noses down slightly, and a hatch opens. A steel ladder extends from the open doorway, and both escapees can see a pair of figures appear, gesturing at them to come aboard. One is a man in the FSB uniform, wearing body armor. The other is Lisa Lazarus.

---

Jamie mutters under her breath about being frisks so heavily upon rescue. She comes into the main cabin, simply nodding an acknowledgement to Lisa as she sits down, "Well, I'd say that went pretty poorly." She states simply. She looks at one of the troopers, "I don't suppose I could get a gun to hold. It would make me feel better."

"Oh thank god, Jamie, you're alive!" calls Nathan's voice from deeper inside the troop carrier, sounding tremendously relieved. "DeGroot? You there too?"

DeGroot comes up the ladder behind Solak. He pretends he didn't hear what she said, but he does hear Latham calling from the back of the transport. He makes his way over to the scholar. "Jesus, Latham. That's twice we've made you save us." DeGroot straps himself into the seat across the aisle. "I don't know what to say... except that it's a bad habit."

"Well, I think we can probably thank Lisa for saving you two, actually," Nathan says. "I'd only just made the call when these guys came to pick me up. I think it was already _en route_."

"You should thank Dr. Armitage," Lisa explains. "He knows something of what you've been up to. Did you do something to make him suspicious?"

Jamie gratefully takes the pistol, and cradles it in her hands, the barrel is pointing down at the floor. Her shaking hands calm as they wrap calmly around the bistol. Her eyes soften, and she looks up at Lisa. "Have we done anything to not make him suspicious?" She says, her voice calm, cynisism returning.

For a moment, DeGroot looks confused. But in a certain light, their miraculous survival in Kashgar... Solak's errand to Selene-Grayman... and DeGroot's own accusation of Solak, for the shooting in Kiev... He frowns and settles back into his seat. "We're in a dirty business, Armitage included. Trust is a limited resource."

"Mr. DeGroot." It's Armitage's voice, but he's not present. He's on the transport's radio. "Although I disapprove of your methods, I approve of your results. I'll be meeting you at the FSB HQ."

Jamie looks at Nathan, "I wonder if our escapades at Headquarters have raised some questions...." She ponders, "Well, I haven't seen anything eat dead bodies at Headquarters. At least, not yet." She shivers.

"They had _things_ living under the floorboards in that place," DeGroot mutters... He wonders if there's any implications to Armitage's statement, if he's something more than a corporate academic. _Almost certainly._ "Yes, sir," he states impassively, and speaks no more until spoken to.

---

The Federal Security Bureau headquarters in Rome is an expansive crystalline pyramid. The troop transport docks with it. As the men detach themselves from their tethers, the Starkweather employees' eyes are drawn to those tethers which were retracted without a trooper attached, and to those seats which remain empty.

Armitage is waiting, along with a night-skinned Nazzadi man wearing a conservatively-cut suit and tie. He has a brief interchange in Italian with the troop transport's commander as he disembarks, and the two shake hands. Then he salutes DeGroot and Jamie. "Congratulations on your success," he says with a smile.

Armitage is less cheerful than the Nazzadi cop. "I've made a deal with the devil," he mutters. "Before they debrief you, you need to hear this. Deserve to hear it." And he steers the foursome off to a side hallway.

"My lads and lasses, this is how things stand." The senior archaeologist rubs the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. "We are working for the Ashcroft Foundation now. This expedition, probably all of Starkweather. Think of this as a friendly acquisition. In reality, someone at my old alma mater has probably taken an interest in what we're digging for and pressured their colleagues and Ashcroft to see to our welfare."

Armitage smiles thinly. "The good news, then. We disrupted a nest of Death's Shadow cultists in Rome - probably their nerve center. We uncovered the conspirator aboard the _Moore_. Really, I ought to say you lot, because you did the hard work. Quite good, if I say so myself."

Jamie looks at Armitage. "You'll have to escuse me, Doctor, if this doesn't seem like much of a victory right now." She pauses, and pats her chest where her gun is. "But, thank you sir." She bows to Armitage.

"Solak is right, sir," DeGroot continues. "A lot of people died. Their leaders killed Pierce and fled the scene. Our survival in Kashgar, and the encounter here, was only dumb luck. Most of it bad."

"When you've nothing else, Mr. DeGroot, luck will suffice." Armitage stares hard at the pilot. "I'll take what good luck I have."

"This was messier than I like." Solak states.

"I'm alive," Nathan says. "We're all alive. And if the guys who tried to kill us haven't been shut down, at least they're short a lot of their grunts. I think I'll have to agree with Armitage and call that a victory."

DeGroot shrugs. "So will I, then. What do you want us to do?"

"Stay here for a few hours. Get debriefed. Tell them everything - we've nothing to hold back now and we need friends." Armitage lets out a long sigh. "I'll be back by the time you're done."

---

The debriefing is formal, but friendly enough. Nobody asks anything untoward of the group, and those not being debriefed are allowed to observe those who are.

Armitage returns. "The executive you lot interviewed, the one who'd been seeing Rasael Ward? A thorough sweep of the apartment complex revealed boxes of chemicals. A designer drug whose profile matched up with what you'd found." He seems pleased. "It was a sort of viral infection, causing Carlo's own cells to manufacture a mind-altering drug upon exposure to certain, ah, pheromones."

"Oooh, that's nasty," says Nathan, shuddering as he grasps the implications. "And fits perfectly with the Death's Shadow M.O."

Armitage lets out another sigh, but this one seems less unhappy, more wistful. "I thought I was out of this sort of business. I thought I could make a go of it with real archaeology again, not this skullduggery, all this cloak-and-dagger business."

Jamie looks at Armitage, "How is Carlo now? Is he recovered? Does he still have contact with Rasael?"

Armitage laughs. "Of course not," he replies with a snort. "You should trust Carlo. He's, ah, he's quite good at solving problems like this. He was just taken by surprise at someone who played the game better."

"One moment, sir," asks Nathan. "If, uh, if you don't mind me asking, Dr. Armitage, what _did_ you used to do?"

"Well that's a very good question, Mr. Latham," smiles Armitage. But like many good questions, this one doesn't seem to have much of an answer.

This seems to warm the older man up a bit. He addresses the group now, looking not just at Lisa but at each of the others in turn. "Starkweather Solutions, at the end of the day, is a _pragmatic_ company. Each of you has secrets you'd like to hush up, old stories you'd rather not hear again, training that sets you aside. But the world needs people like us."

Nathan raises an eyebrow, and then sighs slightly himself. That he gets no more answer than that is an answer in and of itself. And, for now, all the answer he needs.

Lisa, who has heretofore remained quiet, stares up at the scientist. "Is your entire company riddled with spies, terrorists and mercenaries?" she asks quietly. Armitage chuckles quietly in response, but also lets this one by. "If so," she continues, "why hire me?"

Jamie looks, "As long as we're all on the right side of it."

"Now come on." Armitage produces a set of tickets from a pocket and extends them. "I've reserved you lot seats at the One World Holographic Orchestra. Performers from around the globe playing in concert. Celebration is in order, wouldn't you say? Time off, all that sort of thing."

---

The One World orchestra consists of holographic projections of performing musicians from around the world, linked into an audio-visual whole. As this is to be a musical performance, higher fidelity and bandwidth are allotted to the audio connection than the video. This is evident to the audience as they watch the glowing performers take their seats and begin to tune their instruments. While the people periodically flicker or fall out of sync, even the initial humming of the orchestra sounds crystal clear.

Armitage has ensured that his guests are dressed well. Nathan and DeGroot have been fitted for suits which manage to wear well on them no matter how uncomfortable they might feel about the notion. Jamie's dress is tasteful and understated, drawing the eye without seeming to, like a magician's sleight of hand. Lisa, on the other hand, has opted for something from contemporary Nazzadi fashion which leaves one under the impression she's going sunbathing rather than attending a concert. Still, what must be covered is covered.

As the noise of tuning up fades, and the orchestra gets ready to start, DeGroot leans over to Lisa. "They hired you to remind us to be decent human beings. And why we'd want to." He gestures towards the orchestra. "These people do that, too." The pilot settles back into his seat, grateful for a few moments where he can forget his own age, and the age he lives in.

The conductor approaches the podium. The musical LAI comes online, preparing a three-dimensional visualization of the music as it plays that will appear over the heads of the performers. None of them will see it, of course - this is strictly for the audience, and a subtle one at that. The focus is on the music.

And what music! The symphonies and compositions of Ludwig van Beethoven have been acknowledged throughout the world as works of genius. And the role of the conductor is to take that genius and perform his own alchemy upon it, transmuting it through the catalyst of his orchestra into something greater.

What music! The power of it. The beauty. A handful of notes organized into the barest scaffolding of structure, parallelized across a set of analog acoustic instruments. The vibration of Earth's atmosphere, propelled by fingers and lungs through simple mechanical contraptions and to the ears. But the music! A thousand buried instincts are roused by it. Love, jealousy, longing, wistfulness, regret, amazement. Vibration, transmuted into emotion, is present here in this hall.

During the performance, one corner of the orchestra has been glancing about nervously. Their instruments are sometimes curiously muted, as though the signal from their location wasn't holding steady. And during the Ninth Symphony, it happens.

There is a scream - from the holograms, or rather from the people in that far off place. Their images are reflected in perfect fidelity to Rome's audience as they shriek in terror, holding their hands aloft to shield themselves. From above the camera's perspective, masonry and rubble collapse. A block of static quickly replaces an entire eighth of the performance's personnel.

The audience rises to its feet in a muttering panic. A man quickly strides out of the shadows near the projection pit and takes a microphone. "I ah, I want to ask that everyone, ah, everyone calm down and return to your seats. There seems to be some ah, technical difficulty. We will resume this performance as soon as possible.."