DeGroot opens a channel to the crew. "OK, the situation on the ground looks pretty bad, so listen up. _Siberia_ is heading down momentarily. Rice, as soon as where away, get the _Yukon_ ready to go; you and Naza will be our backup."

Jamie checks over the clip in her riffle, ensuring that she has it set, as she was taught to do. Handling the rifle better than someone who has just been shown such, it is still clear that she isn't an expert by any means. She shifts slightly, shiftign the skin of her armor around herself.

The destruction of Kiev wasn't uniform, but it was total. As the _Siberia_ overflies some of the buildings on the western shore of the Dnieper, DeGroot studies the imagery being relayed from the shuttle's ventral cameras. The northern and eastern faces of the collapsed buildings tell the story: scorch marks from Migou lightning weapons. Most of the initial attacks must have come from that direction, and probably from the air. This isn't the work of the Rapine Storm, at least.

As the shuttle draws closer to its destination, signs of ground fighting become evident. A few destroyed Broadsword and Claymore units from the N.E.G.'s mecha squads are half a kilometer away from the monastery. Some of the biomechanical Migou mecha lie in bloody chunks around them. Two human corpses lie exposed near their vehicles, but are incomplete in certain ways. It may be said that there are still living creatures somewhere in the city and that those things must eat.

Smoke still hangs in the air over the city, mixing with a heavy cloud cover and a fog from the river. The streets are a gloomy maze of choking miasma, shot through with the occasional spark of electrical discharges or the faint guttering of fires. Here and there, hastily-erected foamcrete barricades or piled-up cars show signs that the city's occupants had time to react to their attackers. There are many other vehicles - on the roads, or shot down and embedded in ruined walls, or spread in chunks of scrap metal across the streets. All are damaged; the intact vehicles were presumably used as part of a mass exodus. There must have been a heroic effort to censor and corral the survivors, since nobody has broken the news of this event. Assuming there were survivors.

"They came out of the east," DeGroot comments. "Crossing the river - or out of it. Migou weapons and mecha - they must have marched right across town." He shudders involuntarily - he wasn't at Juneau, but he remembers the fall of Johannesburg. This is even worse. "Our contact won't be at home to introduce us. We _could_ just walk up to the monastery and knock on the door?"

"We'll have to," Dr. Bowen answers. His hands are white at the knuckles, gripped to the armrests of the shuttle's seat. "That's.. why we have Nathan along."

A few parts of the monastery's aboveground buildings received fire from whoever attacked the city. Near a collapsed section of wall, a swollen and blackened human forearm rises out of the rubble. The fingers of the hand are outstretched, held in place by rigor mortis, reaching up to a Heaven that refused to answer whatever prayers its owner may have uttered.

DeGroot quickly moves the camera to another part of the building. "Mostly intact. That must mean something." DeGroot picks a place to land not far from the wall breach. "Okay. Let's get on with it."

As the rest of the team suits up, Nathan leans over to Dr. Bowen. "Where do I come in? Just to convince the monks that we have legitimate archaeological interest in the remains?"

Dr. Bowen shakes his head. "You'll... you'll see," he mutters. "I'll explain.. everything inside."

The shuttle sets down about half a kilometer away. DeGroot's military experience prompts him to find a half-collapsed building - structurally sound enough to not fall completely, but able to provide natural camouflage if someone overflies the site.

Five hundred meters through decimated urban terrain feels like longer. Perhaps it's being able to see your objective so clearly yet be unable to simply approach it. Regardless, nothing but the wind - and a few far-off clattering or scraping noises - can be heard, and nothing presents enough of a clear menace to the team to require full attention. The smog is thin enough that breathing is comfortable, and the air, if not clear, is at least devoid of Migou or other threats.

The cave entrance is undamaged. It's not lit, but the expedition has their Panoptics, plus a dozen Chrysalis Fireflies: a sort of putty-like sphere which produces light chemically. They can be carried about, molded into different shapes as needed, and stuck onto any surface after peeling off a thin plastic film. Dr. Bowen mumbles something at his PCPU. The team's HUDs come to life, superimposing augmented-reality data about the cave over the real thing. In one corner of the HUD, an overall map of the cave system flickers into view, including markers for the entrance and the team's objective.

Jamie takes up position by the shuttle bay, holding her rifle to the ready, ready for the doors to open, and to paint anything that might pop up.. SHe blinks as her HUD comes active, her eyes taking in the new information.

Dr. Bowen now explains. "We're going to.. to the objective marked on your HUDs. Once there, we're.. going to examine the remains. Nathan, I'll talk to you once we're there."

The pregnant pauses do nothing to reassure Latham. He clutches his pistol with a white-knuckled grip. "I hate caves," he mutters as he ducks into the entryway.

"Don't consider me ungrateful," DeGroot asks Bowen, "But why didn't the Migou trash this place too?" He waves at the comparatively intact monastery.

"How should I know?" asks the doctor testily. He waves the group toward the cave entrance.

Jamie comments unde rher breath, "I think the good doctor wants to be here about as much as any of us."

Once inside the caves, the group feels much more comfortable using its abundant supply of light sources. Albez sticks a couple of his putty-lights near the entrance, and another at the first junction.

There's a natural breeze that gently circulates through the underground system; nobody runs short of air. Here and there, natural or artificial chimneys have been dug through the rock up to the surface. And niches in the walls show signs of use for everything from old books to religious paraphernalia to rotting wooden coffins.

Dr. Bowen holds up a hand at once such coffin. It's surrounded by jars and scroll-cases, a few of the eastern Orthodox tri-bar crosses, and other eikona.

Jamie looks around the room, trying to find the various exits and enterances. Anywhere they can be jumpped while doing their job.

DeGroot hangs back, splitting his attention between the coffin and the path back to the exit. "Looks more important than the others. Or better maintained, at least." He motions to Tran, signalling the other soldier to watch the other direction.

"W-why have we stopped?" Nathan whispers tremulously, looking nervously up and down the tunnel in both directions, until his roving gaze happens to fall upon the relics. "Oh. W-we're here, then?"

Jamie takes up position on the other side of the tunnel from Tran, aiming her rifle down the cave that leads here, watchign the shadows the glow putty makes along the wall.

Dr. Bowen has drawn a small thick book from his pocket and is thumbing through it to a well-worn and bookmarked section. He begins reading quietly. "Mother of all saints, preserve us," he whispers. Then, in a louder voice: "Everyone else out. Nathan, with me."

DeGroot can't conceal his shock, but obeys. "Don't get killed," he says evenly.

With the others gone, Bowen hands over his notebook to Nathan. "The ascending node," he says, tapping the leftmost of the two pages. "Read it aloud in a moment. It's a ritual invocation, you should be able to get the timing and pronounciation on the first try." With that said, he carefully lifts the wooden coffin lid aside and sets it upright against the cave wall.

Inside the coffin is nothing but old bones - human remains, clearly with some sort of degenerative damage from when their owner was living. Bowen uncaps one of the jars next to the coffin after staring at its Cyrillic label for a few seconds, and begins pouring out the contents - a fine crystalline dust - over the bones.

The notebook has been opened to two pages. On the left, labeled "the ascending node": Y'AI 'NG'NGAH, YOG-SOTHOTH H'EE -- L'GEB F'AI THRODOG UAAAH. And on the right, labeled "the descending node": OGTHOROD AI'F GEB'L--EE'H YOG-SOTHOTH 'NGAH'NG AI'Y ZHRO

"W-what's this all about?" Nathan says, his hands shaking slightly as he takes the book. His eyes widen as he looks over the incantation. "W-wait, you can't be serious. An invocation to... here? _Now_?" As Dr. Bowen continues the ritual preparations, though, Nathan shrugs slightly. "I... hope you know what you're doing." His voice shifts. "Y'ai 'ng'ngah, Yog-Sothoth h'ee..."

As the words roll off the tongue, a harsher wind rises in the caves. The lights dim for a moment, although they're electric - the wind itself couldn't possibly be responsible.

The dimming lights cause only the minutest of hesitations. "l'geb f'ai throdog uaaah," Nathan finishes, with consummate timing on the final long vowel.

The wind subsides. Dr. Bowen is staring intently at the coffin. His fingers are flying over the keys of his PCPU, though his gaze remains where it is. A holographic representation of the Carpathian mountains springs into the air, flickering in exactly the same way the lights do.

Nathan stares at the coffin too. Something about the invocation makes him feel a paralyzing sort of clarity. His muscles obey his control, but there's simply nothing else in his mind right now. He feels oddly calmed by chanting the ritual, and he still feels calm when a skeletal forearm and hand rises up over the edge of the coffin, gripping the wood.

Dr. Bowen seems on the verge of hysterics, but he retains enough of a grip on himself for the moment to complete his mission. He starts shouting in Ukrainian. Nathan's HUD helpfully provides subtitles. "The coffin! Where is the coffin? Show it to me!"

He thrusts the PCPU forward, putting the holographic map in reach. The skeleton hand moves, guided by what must be the remains inside the coffin. A fingerbone intersects the map at a particular point. The map automatically zooms in. The finger points again, striking a more specific part of the display. Again. Again.

"The descending node," whispers Dr. Bowen. Nathan is aware that the man is on the verge of losing it. "Say it now. Say it _right now_."

Within the coffin, other bones are stirring. It's starting to rise, attempting to raise itself up and out.

Nathan doesn't hesitate. "Ogthorod ai'f geb'l - ee'h Yog-Sothoth 'nah'ng ai'y zhro!" he barks.

With the last syllable spoken, the wind rises to a fevered pitch, then collapses suddenly - as does the skeleton itself. Bowen falls backward and collapses into a fevered ball of fear on the stony ground. "It shouldn't have been us," he mutters to himself, rocking slightly. "We shouldn't have had to say it. Shouldn't have been us..."

Nathan kneels beside Dr. Bowen, putting a trembling arm around his shoulder. "D-did we get what we came for, Doctor? Did we?" His own breath is coming fast and shallow - not exactly the most adept at consolation, at the moment.

Bowen is still muttering. "Shouldn't have been us.. shouldn't have been us..."

"Well, we'd better have," Nathan mutters. He whips out his own PCPU, and attempts to record the location given to them by the skeleton. Pocketing it, he grabs Dr. Bowen by the shoulders and tries to haul him up. "DeGroot!" he calls down the hallway, an edge of hysteria in his own voice. "Need a little help here!"

The doctor snaps out of it after several seconds. "Ah, sorry about that, gentlemen.." he mutters, shamefacedly. "Alright, we're done in Kiev."

DeGroot returns just in time to see Bowen picking himself up. The two scientists are shaken, but the scene looks unchanged. The pilot shakes his head. "That was it? We leave now?" _They get pretty worked over nothing, these two..._

"Yeah. We, we just stopped to - uh, to ask for directions," Nathan replies, nodding toward the remains.

DeGroot holds up a hand. "Don't explain. Let's just go." He waves back towards the entrance, instructing Tran to take the lead.

Two blocks away from the monastery and back into urbanized Kiev's ruins, the group all catch the faint noise of something - a buzzing or humming, like a queerly out-of-tune A-Pod combined with another sound. Only DeGroot seems to recognize it for what it is. It is the sound of a Migou air patrol's engines.

The shuttle is parked on the other side of the Sichnevogo Povstannya street. DeGroot casts about for a good hiding place, then waves the group toward it.

Jamie runs after DeGroot, keeping her rifle handy, but being as quiet as possible.

"Dig in. Keep it quiet. Nobody shoots before me," DeGroot instructs.

The group has taken shelter in the ruined outer edges of an abandoned building. It faces a plaza, at the center of which is a fallen statue. The statue is winged, bearing a shield with a cross insignia on it - recognizable from the mission briefing as the national symbol of the Ukraine.

A minute passes. Two. The buzzing noise gets louder. DeGroot looks up once or twice, and manages to catch an actual glimpse of something in the air. It must be a patrol, slowly circling the area, looking for signs. The patrol must know the shuttle and its crew are here, but not where they are exactly.

It's Jamie, however, who spots movement from under the angel statue. Something that might be humanoid is crouched in the shadows, also avoiding the Migou air patrol.

Jamie taps DeGroot on the shoulder, her keen eyes havign picked out the humanoid shape. After pointin gin the general direction, she takes her rifle up to her eye, keeping it within her sights.

Tran is doing the same. After a few seconds, he slings his rifle and begins signing with his hands. The others' video glasses, clearly able to see it, automatically kick in and begin supplying a subtitled translation. "A refugee. If it moves and is spotted, we are exposed. Shoot if it runs."

Jamie mutters a generic affirmative responce, holding her rifle steady to take aim on the subject.

Within his helmet, DeGroot grinds his teeth. He signals for Solak to lower her rifle, then raises his own. He takes aim at its thigh. _I hope the son of a bitch is too scared to run._

Through his scope, DeGroot can see the human figure. He can see a mass of filthy hair. He can see the heavy breathing as it looks up and about, scanning the skies from its sheltering fallen angel. And as the buzzing grows as loud as it has been so far, he can see it preparing to scream.

Through their respective scopes, DeGroot and Jamie see the figure crumple silently. The patrol actually sweeps above the building the group is hiding under, then passes by.

Nathan turns his head away and closes his eyes, his knuckles white on the pistol grip - but his finger kept out of the trigger guard.

Another eight minutes of tense silence elapses. The buzzing noise recedes. The Migou have given up their search of this area. They cross the river, heading for the eastern sectors of the city - or at least that is where the sound is last heard from.

DeGroot waits an additional thirty seconds, then waves everybody up. "Shuttle. Now. We're going."

Jamie stands, still holding her rifle at the ready, moving along with the rest of the company.

The group moves under the best cover possible, approaching the hiding place of the shuttle. DeGroot and Tran notice it at the same time: muddy marks on the shuttle's doors and slight dents in the metal, as though someone tried to crowbar their way inside. But after looking around, neither man can spot any living human in sight.

DeGroot shakes his head. "We can't help these people," he says. Still, he opens the shuttle and removes the first aid kit and the survival kit. He leaves them nearby, hidden from the air but obvious from the street. "The survival of these people is up to fate. So let the poor bastard lucky enough to find this, survive a little longer."

Jamie silently files into the shuttle.

_Siberia_ lifts off, spinning about and heading straight for the river. For once the abominable mist that blankets the city is a blessing, for thick enough patches of it should obscure sight of the shuttle.

_Moore_ rises from its underwater refuge and the _Siberia_ docks without incident. The crew crawl out of their seats, assisted by their fellows, and the robotic arm begins to unload their cargo. Dr. Bowen hands his PCPU over to DeGroot. "We're heading for the Carpathians. Relay our flight path to the piloting team, then let's all get some rest."

DeGroot is subdued, almost brooding. He accepts the data with only a nod, then waves Solak over.

"I only wanted to wing that guy," he says. "It would have kept him still and he might have lived."

Jamie looks at DeGroot. "Sorry sir. When your gun discharged, I shot in order to silence him, and avoid further attention we didn't need. Sir."

DeGroot waves it aside. "Not your fault. Not really." A pause. "Just saying, leave the deaths of innocents on my conscience. I've been killing them longer."

Jamie looks at DeGroot, and smiles slightly. "Sir."

---

The spot in question is several miles from a ruined castle, marked as the ancestral home of the Ferenczy family on the ship's maps. The _Yukon_ is prepped and ready to go - shuttles are usually chosen according to their maintenance schedule, and _Siberia_ is due for a checkup after the last flight. Nathan runs a series of diagnostics on the gleaming white computer console of the sifter in its cargo bay.

Nathan is the only vital member of this particular launch - everyone else is optional, although Dr. Armitage insists on going down himself.

"Let's do same drill," DeGroot announces. "We'll swap Ebony for Tran in the landing crew; Rice and Naza are still backup in the Amazon. With a battlesuit. Solak's volunteered to go, and I'll take us down and take responsibility for the dirty work." He doesn't elaborate on 'dirty work', but he does look over at Doctor Bowen. No mention has been made about shooting the refugee - and that seems to be fine with everyone involved.

Armitage vetoes; he will be replacing Bowen on the shuttle crew. Dr. Bowen has no objection, and Armitage has the final authority. With that matter settled, the _Yukon_ launches. It touches down without incident. Ebony takes control of the shuttle's robotic cargo arm while DeGroot stays glued to the air sensors and the long-range radar feed from _Moore_, hovering nearby. The waldo system hauls the ponderous sifter out onto the ground. Per operational doctrine, the shuttle now parks itself a few hundred yards away.

DeGroot tunes one display to follow Latham's operation of the sifter; this is something he hasn't seen before, and he wants to know how it works.

Nathan has no trouble operating the sifter's controls. The principle is simple: a broad field of gravitational force is emitted. The sifter itself uses this to build up a map of the ground and what's under it, similar to how geologists measure earthquakes. Then the sifter begins to push: shoving dirt out of the way by emitting miniscule vibrational forces to shake it to the surface, and stronger forces at ground level to send the dirt rolling out to the boundaries of the dig site.

The process repeats itself. It's eerie to watch. The sifter, positioned at the center of a field of grass, causes a sort of undulating mirage over the green grass. Slowly but surely, a ring of green carries its way to the outer edges. It's replaced by the rich brown of topsoil. That, in turn, moves like an ocean wave to expose what's below.

The sifter stops. An alarm signal begins ringing - nothing serious. It's simply asking for confirmation. Nathan reviews the data; Armitage does as well on his slave console. He gives thumbs up. The process continues. What the sifter has found, and what it now begins to expose via targeted gravitational force, is a stone crypt. Within 30 minutes, several meters of earth have been moved aside. The entrance to it is open.

DeGroot works his own console. "I can move us right up to the rim of the dig," he says softly. "Park us right by the door, if you want, Doctor."

Armitage nods. The shuttle dusts off, with less than six inches of clearance from its landing feet to the ground, and gracefully eases itself to the edge. The landing doors open right onto the lip of the crater.

DeGroot focusses a camera on the crypt door, notes that the sifter has opened it. The other scanners show the Carpathian mountains in the distance, jagged and foreboding. "We're not expecting anything to come out of there... right?"

Jamie looks over at DeGroot, her rifle still at the ready, "WHo knows?"

"I hope not," Nathan says, eyeing the entrance and stroking the edge of the sifter console.

"Well, then." DeGroot opens the hatch. "Let's go get it."

Inside the crypt, Armitage holds up a hand. He points above the archway that leads further in. "The sign of Koth," he says, indicating a sigil that has been etched into the ancient stone. "Something's sealed away here. This must be it."

"The sign of who?" asks Nathan.

"It's not a who," Armitage explains. He makes a curious gesture with his left hand, somewhat resembling the sigil itself. This much Nathan recognizes - his studies into the Vatican's treasured Lopex archives have taught him a handful of guards and wards to bar the way against certain creatures, and the hand sign is known to him by another name.

The archaeologist walks further into the crypt. "It's a warning. 'If you come here, be aware that something is sealed inside.' And here it is." He stands before a large stone slab, and reads the inscriptions. Nathan recognizes the N'g'yeth, the ritual greeting in the eons-old Aklo language.

Nathan grimaces. "And so we're just going to go right in? Lovely," he says, eyeing the crypt's entrance with obvious unease.

Jamie shrugs, "What else is there in life?"

"So how do we open it?" DeGroot asks. "Setting aside whether that's a wise idea."

"We don't open it. What's written here is what we're after." Armitage smiles. From his pocket he withdraws an aerosol dispenser, and begins spraying it upon the walls. Where the mist falls, carven letters begin to appear. They don't glow, they simply weren't able to be seen. "Get your cameras, gentlemen. Photograph everything."

DeGroot takes up watch by the door, and leaves the archaeology to the archaeologists. He keeps a discreet eye on Solak, though. _That girl's too cool to just be a digger._

On further inspection, the crypt does have two artifacts of interest: the remnants of a suit of ancient armor, which also reveal writing after Armitage's aerosol is administered, and a curiously shaped steel cup. Both are carefully tagged and set aside.

Nathan, relieved that a trip into yet another cave doesn't seem to be in the works today, busily sets about documenting the visual records of the hidden writing.

Jamie's job isn't to record. Her rifle is being aimed, searching the surroundings for any intruders. As far as you know, anyway.

Albez keeps himself occupied running fiber optic cable from the shuttle to the crypt. Armitage plugs in his PCPU, and the _Moore_ has begun live optical character recognition on the group's visual data. At length the senior scientist smiles at his computer. "Yes, yes. Gentlemen, the N.E.G. will forget all about our trip to Kiev after they see this, I think. Let's wrap up and get back into the air."

Jamie spits inot the dirt at the side as she hears the NEG mentioned, bt she stands, and looks carefully at the artifacts.

Albez asks a question in French. His system translates. "Wait. They lied about Kiev. Cannot we bargain with them to keep that quiet?" Ebony's voice comes over the radio link in reply. "Hah, no. They'd just prosecute us for sedition. Carrots work, sticks don't."

"To be more precise," Nathan remarks, "sticks only work if you're the one with the bigger stick. That ain't us."

Jamie mutter, "Yet..."

"As far as I'm concerned," DeGroot says, "If anyone asks me, nothing happened in Kiev. At all. Boring place."

"Suits me fine," says Nathan wholeheartedly. "Though I do wonder exactly _what_ it is we've found that's so wonderful..."

DeGroot says, "We supposed to fill in the hole when we leave?"

Armitage thinks. "The sifter wasn't actually designed to push dirt back _into_ a hole," he says. "You know, given what we're digging up, that's probably a pretty serious oversight. Then again, we're not using it the way most customers would.... " He turns to Nathan. "You think you can rig it?"

"I'll certainly give it a shot," Nathan says. "There's a warning sign on the entrance that only folks like you can read - I know I'll be happier if we re-seal it in a way even ordinary people can understand." He turns back to the sifter console, firing it up again.

With some basic adjustments to the mechanism, and some quick scripting work for the sifter's master program, Nathan has little difficulty. The downside is that the sifter needs to be positioned around the hole - it can't just pull dirt back in, but it can push it from the edges.

The _Yukon_ loads the device back into its cargo bay. Armitage carefully stows away the artifacts and starts data replication to _Moore_'s master computer, his own PCPU, and some offline storage. And the shuttle lifts off.