When last we left our band of adventurers had found out a rather disturbing piece of news from the camp of researchers. That the daughter of the defacto leader, Thomas Sinvell, had been taken prisoner by goblins. Filthy goblins at that.

Gabriel is busy investigating the chest the pair retrieved, as he speaks. ".. So that's about all you can tell us about the layout of the caves?"

"Yes. That's everything I can tell you. The main thing is, the lower cavern. Watch out there. There weren't many goblins down that way, but those that were seemed to be better trained than the others."

Ghost frowns, seeing to his weapons. "They would be. Even the ones we found in the caves were more organized than the usual vermin of this wood." He spits on the ground, disgusted.

As Gabriel cracks open the chest, there's a brief rush of bitter cold wind. This cold burst is accompanied by a bright flash of light, that ripples out rather slowly from the chest. And then, silence, all around, save for the whistling of the wind. Odd...

Gabriel blinks a moment, then peeks into the chest to examine what contents (if any) remain. "An unusually.. active thaumaturgic phenomenon, for such creatures as they," he remarks thoughtfully.

Inside the chest, there are two daggers. As well as an ancient looking piece of parchment, long since ravaged by time. Still... some of it has yet to disintegrate... underneath this paper, is an amulet set with a jade green stone. Everything else seems perfectly fine. Neither animal nor man seems to have noticed this unusual occurence. "You will go, yes?"

"... Yeah," says Gabriel absentmindedly, peeking closer at the strange items inside. "Do any of you recognize any of this?" he asks, waving a hand unsteadily at the contents.

Ghost sighs, shaking off the strange feeling that had shivered down his spine. "If we don't deal with them now, the goblins will be a menace in no time." Coming over to the box, he takes a look in.

One of the archaeologists steps forwards curiously. She peeks in, her hair dangling past her face in a disheveled manner. "Other than the obvious," she says, "I can't say much. Not without being able to study them."

Gabriel waves a hand again, thoughtfully. "Please, go ahead.. this may be important." He turns his attention to Ghost, frowning. "This must be resolved, finally and completely. Please help, and I will keep my vow to stay away from this place thereafter."

Actually, Ghost, make me an Intelligence roll. And as to the Animals, they seem okay. Nothing terribly awkard about the forest. Other than the goblinoid presence.

Ghost says, "The stone is jade, and sacred to Obad-Hai..." Ghost whispers. "They probaly took it from a priest." He growls, his eyes going dark. "Oh, I will help you alright. They will pay for this..."

Gabriel muses, almost to himself. "a sacred symbol, kept by the intruders in a sacred place..." He looks up, staring at the archaeologist. "These things must be kept safe. We cannot yet return them to the caves until we know they will not be mis-used. Ahh, if Old Ren were here..."

One of the mercenaries, one of the surviving and still conscious mercenaries speaks up. "Ren? Wait a minute... you don't mean..."

"An acquaintance of mine," replies Gabriel. "The priest, yes. But we're wasting time." He looks to Ghost. "We should return as soon as we're ready."

Ghost grins ferally. "Ready? You better hurry to keep up." Sheathing his sword, he wheels, stalking towards the cave like a hungry cat.

Gabriel brings his newly-acquired weapon with him, waving weakly to those staying behind. "Guard the chest and its contents.. we'll try to be back soon." So saying, he moves off, trotting after his companion.

The cavern is as dark as it was beforehand. Moving through it is made easier though, as one of teh archaeologists was able to provide a sunrod, for some decent illumination. Finding your way towards the lower caverns is easy enough, as nothing's been disturbed since your trek inside a while ago.

The cavern with the solid wall at the end of it is still intact. There's that small hole inside of it, where something was seen moving. The bodies of the dead goblins are still here, decomposing. It's quite a smell.

Through the cavern's hole, the barbarian will be able to hear the sounds of water rushing past, even though it's muted, as though off in the distance.

Ghost's sharp elven ears perk. "Stream or river ahead," he whispers to his companion, before heading closer to check to see how passible the hole is.

Gabriel nods slowly, following along. "Water will be needed for prisoners," he observes quietly.

The hole itself is easily passable to one who is as small in size as a goblin. For the taller of the creatures though... it is considerably more difficult. Two and a half feet tall, difficult. Still, it could be done. The tunnel looks to be very wide, and there aren't many tight turns in it. At least not as far as you can see... there is a light at the end of it, presumably, the exit.

Gabriel directs Matthew to examine the tunnel, and its terminus, whispering instructions in hushed tones. ".. And return at the first hint of danger."

Ghost frowns. "This should be fun. If they're as organized as they seem to be, they'll be guards at the end of the tunnel."

Gabriel nods slowly. "We shall see," he says in a soft tone, low volume covering over the worry in his voice.

Matthew flaps his wings, fluttering through the tunnel. After perhaps five minutes, there's no sign of danger. Nor is there of Matthew, though Gabe will still feel his empathic link.

Ghost waits for the bed news, looking curiously at Gabriel as the minutes pass and none is revealed.

Gabriel turns to Ghost. "There will be another path, there must be. It will probably be more tightly guarded than this; therefore we must create a diversion or distraction, to make them believe that some creatures sized like themselves are attempting entry."

Gabriel thinks for seconds. "The relics above must have been important to them. Therefore they will return for them. We need to work quickly." He begins outlining a plan of action in low tones, all the while staying conscious of Matthew through the arcane resonance they share.

AielGM says, "Obtaining plants and oil is easy enough. Archaeologist camp was well stocked."

With Matthew retrieved, Gabriel and Ghost sneak back out of the caverns. While Ghost begins retrieving green branches and other necessities, Gabriel begins his own preparations. Eventually the two meet back, carrying the now-emptied chest back into the caves...

With rope and magic prepared, the young arcanist keeps a careful eye on the now-emplaced chest. Below, the crafty woodsman works his own special magic with the products of nature, lighting a fire and carefully sealing in the smoke with piled rocks. Now all that remains is to wait.

And wait. And wait. The smoke wafts through the tunnel. Even with it blocked off, the stench can still be smelled. After a while though, the sound of stone scraping on stone can be heard from nearby. It looks as though there's a section of the wall, sliding down, so as to pass through. Oddly enough, there's no sign of goblins... just the sound of water in the cavern beyond.

Gabriel waits patiently, remaining still in his hiding place. He smiles to himself, directing a thought at Matthew to keep eyes open, and to fly in should nobody be watching.

Ghost waits, axes out, but low so light won't catch them...

Matthew keeps his eyes open for a while. After a time, the sound of his wings fluttering can be heard, as well as the odd coughing squawk he makes when he flutters past the smoke that's pouring into the next cavern and beyond... still... no one seems to be watching. Not from what Matthew can tell, anyway.

Gabriel rises from his place of concealment and moves steadily forward, crossbow gripped tightly in two wary hands. His eyes flash from side to side, cautious indeed and expecting trouble.

Ghost moves quickly beside, ready to take the lead, and protect the wizard if necessary.

Beyond the cavern in which the wall was located, is yet another cavern. Though this one is mostly filled with smoke. Or rather smoke is billowing out of one end, and flowing down the other slowly. The lake can be heard much closer now, well, it's more of a large pool here under the water, and after a few feet it can be made out clearer. There is no sign of goblin interlopers, in fact, the only thing that even HINTS at the presence of goblins, is a rather fleshless goblin-sized and shaped skull that rests beside the pool.

While Gabriel begins to examine the cavern wall for the exact method of releasing the door - a point about which he is intensely curious, given the lack of living person able to trigger the door, he directs Matthew to scout around.

As the heros explore the cavern, Ghost's gaze will drift over the most unusual sight. The skull is rising up from the ground. In fact, the ground itself is rising. There's nary a tremble to be felt though, until the skull clatters to the ground, around the almost humanoid shaped mound of rock that has arisen in it's place.

Ghost nudges Gabriel, moving in front of him as his axes rise, facing the mound. "What is that thing?" he asks...

The Mound of rock approaches from it's position by the pool. It moves perhaps 20 of the full forty feet between where Gabe and Ghost are standing and where the pool is. It raises a hand, and speaks in a voice which sounds much like the scraping of stone upon stone.

The being's speech, if you can call it that, is rather incomprehensible. "Roooar grrggk kllllkkgrrrrnnnaggh."

Ghost waits, axes up, holding a defensive position and looking like a coiled spring as the beast growls and groans.

Gabriel lets his crossbow drop to his side, on its ratty cord. His hands rise, positioning themselves in the peculiar formation of a spellcaster readying his arcane powers. Not yet, however, does he perform the dance of sound and light that taps the powers of the invisible world.

After many long moments of standing there, the mound of Earth begins gesturing for a moment. It points at the two readied fellows, then it points at it's own neck. It does this several times, while it's Terran words echo through the cavern.

Gabriel shakes his head helplessly, echoing "No understanding" in both Draconic and Common, and adding the equivalent in Goblin after a moment.

Gabriel tries something more broadly understandable - pointing to himself and his companion, then to the tunnel beyond. He hefts the crossbow in one hand, as well as his empty outstretched palm. The mute question is, he hopes, obvious - what awaits us beyond?

The mound of rock looks at Gabriel for a moment, utterly confused. After a moment, it seems to understand. It points at them once more, and then it points at the empty outstretched palm. The being shifts back and forth on the ground, pointing once more at it's own neck. Or at least, what may be it's neck.

Upon peering closer, there seems to be an indentation where it's pointing. A small, almost familiar looking indentation just around it's neck.

Ghost hmms. "Do you suppose we should get the jade amulet?"

Gabriel turns his head for a moment to look at his companion, and nods. "Matthew, go with him.." he whispers. "Go ahead. I'll wait here." He hunkers down, facing the strange being, pointing to Ghost, then outlining the shape of the amulet against his open palm with a single finger, then finishing by pointing to the being's neck.

The being remains still then. It appears to not be about to crush Gabriel's head, and instead sits down then, looking up at the young fellow. When Ghost returns with the amulet, it motions excitedly towards it's neck.

Gabriel shrugs a little. "May as well," he murmurs, thinking for several seconds. "If this being is connected... hold!" He beckons quickly with a hand, indicating for Ghost to stay.

Gabriel then points to the creature, and at the remains of the goblin near the lake, and holds out his hands, as though questioning.

The being points at the skull, then at the water. The being makes a motion across it's neck. This one more universal. It draws a line from one end of it's neck to the other.

Gabriel nods slowly. "Give it the amulet," he half-whispers.

Ghost nods. "The enemy of our enemy..." He offers the amulet, moving to put it into the being's hand.

The being takes the amulet, and presses the jade green stone to the indentation in it's neck. There's a brief flash of light from the amulet, and you can hear the sound of stones echoing about the tunnel. Amidst this echo, is a gravelly voice. "Gree.. ..tingss."

Gabriel inclines his head politely. "We seek one like us. We seek to defeat the goblins," he says, simply, in short words.

"The defilerss." Speaks the voice, growing angry, almost, if a rock can be made to sound angry. "You wish to help?" It's voice has become smooth, as though polished stones were rubbing against one another.

Gabriel nods. "This one," he says, pointing to Ghost, "commanded that we do not disturb this place. I have vowed this, once the goblins are defeated."

The being sinks down for a minute, before raising up. It reaches out then, it's voice echoing, "Yes... I am told this is true... I am told... to tell you to seek the DeepingTree. Save it from the defilers."

Gabriel looks up at Ghost for a moment. "We will do this, if you assist us. Tell us what we must do..."