The weather is particularly nice today. The grey skies have been washed away by Pelor's grace, this morning, and a crystalline blue is seen overhead. There is a light wind, which chills, but not to the bones, though for the Chain-shirt clad merecenaries, this is sweet relief from the heat of the armor. After four days of journeying on horseback and another two on foot, Gabriel Winter and his party are finally arriving upon the camp of the Order's Archaeologists. One of the mercenaries says, "I don't see nothin' 'round 'ere... we're not lost are we?" "No." Replies another. The sounds of twigs snapping is disconcerting, perhaps, as the woodland creatures begin to ready themselves for the winter ahead. The camp should lie just around the next bend in the path, but there's hardly any sound or sight of life, at least Human life, around.

Gabriel rides on, glumly, uncomfortable on his horse. Though he's not particularly gifted of perception, he remains mostly mindful of the surroundings. To learn Goblin is one thing; to deal with its native speakers, or worse, is quite another.

As the party rides on, the mercenaries look about and come to the conclusion that, "There's som'fin... look." One of them gestures to what looks like the pegs a tent might go. Just a little further on, there's the tent itself. Four of them, actually, and the remains of a fire, in a sunken firepit dug into the ground. It looks as though it's been abandoned for sometime now, although there is a white arrow sticking out of the ground off in one direction. A little further off in that direction, lies a cave. The smell of stale air rushes out from within, propelled by some unseen breeze.

Frowning, the young occultist taps the decoration on his left shoulder - a black bird, just as young. He points forward, directing his sorcerous ally out in a silent exhortation to examine the area more thoroughly.

Matthew flies off from the shoulder of the young occultist, and begins a slow circling of the area, using it's keen senses to seek out any signs of trouble. After a moment, it alights, and squawks twice, before giving it's master a report on what it had learned.

Gabriel relays his findings in hushed tones to those who ride with him. "..Something, something bad," he finishes in a low voice, warily casting his glance around.

The mercenaries look around, circling their horses. "What do you mean, something bad?" Asks one of them, who happened to be clse enough to overhear. "What do you suppose it is? Goblins?" He suggests, with a somewhat anxious tone to his voice. "Where do y'suppose that lot of Mage Blokes went?"

Shrugging, Gabriel again directs his winged companion skyward - this time to look over the countryside, to examine any other visible trails leading to or from this place for signs of movement. He says nothing further, trying to imagine what this could mean.

There are few signs of movement around the camp, as many animals tend to shy away from campgrounds. Or they end up as dinner. Which is likely to have happened given the bones around the firepit. There are footprints leading to the cave, and another set of tracks around the edges of the camp, belonging to bare, or poorly shod feet. One set looks larger than the others.

"Whatever's going on," Gabriel remarks at last, "is probably focused on or in that cave. Either we investigate, or.. we return with a stronger force." He contemplates the entrance warily. "We have little time, I imagine."

"Probably. I'd say we go in. If nothing else we can say we checked and that they're missing and presumed dead. I dunnow if they'd spare more of me mates to your Order'r not, lotsa people been 'ired on to protect caravans an' wotnot. C'mon then. Let's go in shall we? Dun' worry, if worse comes ta worse, we'll protect ya."

Says one of the Mercenaries, before dismounting his horse and looking for a place to tie it up. "Come on lads." He says, to his two companions. "Time to earn our pay. Yah?"

Gabriel dismounts too, recalling Matthew to his shoulder again and making his uncomfortable way in the direction of the cave, staying close to the mercenaries.

An arrow whistles, streaking from...somewhere. It sinks into the ground beside the first, well away from the group. A second white arrow.

In an instant, the mercenaries have their crossbows in their hands, and start looking about for the source of this white arrow. "Careful lads... somethin's up here, I know it." One of the mercenaries, the one who's been doing most of the talking looks around nervously, "'Oo goes there?"

Gabriel waits, tense with anticipation, gripping his travel-staff in both hands but not making a move.

The black feathered bird resting on Gabriel's shoulder flaps about a little agitatedly, before squawking once, and pecking at his master and ally's shoulder. A silent look is given to the fellow, before it flaps into the air.

"Come out!" calls Gabriel, suddenly, in Common. "We mean you no harm. We will parlay." He offers his hands for visibility, letting his staff out of its defensive grip.

A voice comes out of the woods, hidden among the trees. "This is a sacred place of Obad-Hai. You should not enter."

"We seek companions, who made camp here previously," replies Gabriel, somewhat more confidently. "We do not wish to intrude, only to meet with them again."

From one side, there's movement, and a soft thump as a figure drops out of the tree. "They did not listen." An elf. A composite longbow is held in his hand, loosely, a quiver across his back. Clothed in green and brown, it's no wonder you missed him. "The goblins are strong this year, too. I fear they've found trouble."

"Do they live, that you know of?" asks Gabriel warily. He wonders for a moment just who might have been responsible for the \`trouble'. "If so, it is our duty to rescue them. We are not here to intrude, only to ensure safety."

Ghost says, "I know only that they were here yesterday, and the tombs sealed, and today they aren't, the tombs unsealed. The smell of goblin is strong, but the only thing that has died here is the deer they ate for dinner last night."

The young mage nods slowly, then nods toward the cave entrance. "In there?" he asks. Without waiting for confirmation, then, he begins walking toward it.

Ghost sighs, and follows. "You are either brave, or stupid. Can't you see the tracks?"

The ground crunches beneath the young mage's feet, as the leaves there are quite dry. The cave looks dark and dreary, and the air near it smells rather stale, as though it's been sealed for hundreds of years.

"The goblin tracks?" asks Gabriel. "If you know where our folks have been taken, we can offer payment - gold, food, furs, perhaps other things if you want." He turns, regarding this strange feral Elf. "So?"

Ghost shakes his head. "You can't give me what I want, and I get what I need from Obad-Hai's blessing." He pauses. "I don't know where your friends are, but I can help you. Just leave this place alone, after."

The mercenaries have been regarding this feral Elf for a while now, and as there's been no sign of overt hostility, step forwards. "Aye. We can offer stuff in trade for information. Or ye can come along then. Either way, I want to know what you blokes intend to do about keeping an eye out for some of the gobbos' friends..."

"I can't bind anyone else to that, but I will swear it if that's what you want," responds Gabriel. "Either they're down in there--" he nods towards the cave "-- or they've been taken away."

Ghost says, "They're down there, alright. There's nowhere else." He shrugs. "I will come. The goblins must have a new, ambitious chief. If he's not dealt with, he might become problematic."

Turning then to the mercenaries, Gabriel nods. "If we're going, we go." he returns his attention to the wild-man. "My name is Gabriel," he says, then briefly introduces his companions.

Ghost says, "I am the legendary Ghost of the Northwoods. At your service." He smiles, picking up his arrows.

One of the mercenaries looks aghast, "Ghost of the Northwoods? Well let's go then. Bloody barbaric..." he mutters, before the leader motions, "Roight. You guys go in, I'll take up the rear. Let's be careful and keep our eyes out eh?" The mercenaries begin filtering into the cave, with slow careful movements so as not to alarm anything within... or alert it to their presence.

Up ahead Ghost's keen senses will pick up the sounds of whips and picks hitting rock as hard as steel. The grumbling of frustrated goblins and worried humans alike can be heard. But this is further down in the tunnels, of more immediate worry, are the four goblins who are coming down the pathway of the cave that the party has been following.

Expecting trouble, and pre-warned by Matthew, Gabriel steps forward. The syllables tumble from his throat, glowing to pale life as symbols surround his outstretched hand. Ice shoots forth from the ring of runes hazily glowing in the air around his finger for just a moment, impacting the lead of the guard troop...

Ghost growls. "How dare you defile this place?" he shouts, yelling inhumanly as he charges forward, a war cry in his throat. His battle axe comes down, cleaving a goblin in half, gore spraying as his axes come up to swing again.

The Goblin hit, now has a few crystals of ice sticking out of his chest, in a most unpleasant looking manner. He makes a small cry of pain, before the others ready their javelins, and fling them straight at the invading group. Of course, one of the javelins never leaves the hand of the goblin throwing it. For he's been killed by the sharp axe blows of the Ghost of Northwood. The other three javelins are flung, two of them stab into the throat and chest of a hapless mercenary, and bring him down with one fell stroke. The other javelin clatters and breaks against the ceiling, harming none. The goblins then draw their Maces, and snarl, quite angrily at the ones who have harmed them.

For their part, the mercenaries do well. The unleash a volley of crossbow bolts at the Goblins, and manage to harm two of them, though they only catch glancing shots here and there, for the Ghost is in the way, and they don't wish to harm him. The sound of crossbows clattering to the dank cave floor is heard, followed by the skirl of steel being drawn.

Two more goblins fall to the ground, and the last tries to run, although he finds his death at the hands of a Mercenary's shortsword. Well it's more at the blade of it...

Ghost slows down amid the three dead goblins, whirling to a halt, breathing heavily. His hands go to his knees, and he pants for breath, wiping his axe blades on the rotted leather armor of the bodies.

Gabriel lets out a low and appreciative whistle. He waits, seeking assurance that the four have truly been dispatched, then kneels and begins examining the former guards for any hints as to the fate of the expedition, or a clue to the goblins' new leadership..

The goblin's armor is fairly disgusting, but easily cast aside. There were no distinct markings thereupon, although all four of the bodies have in some manner or the other, a curious mark, be it on a weapon, or a tattoo... well what's left of a tattoo... it's a triangle, with circles on all three of it's sides.

Ghost turns, looking to the fallen mercenary. "Will he be alright?"

The mercenary, the fallen one, isn't breathing. Nor is he moving. His lifeless eyes stare up at the cavern ceiling. The sound of goblins shouting at something can be heard up ahead.

"He's gone to his reward," murmurs Gabriel a little regretfully. "That's just a shell now." He scrutinizes the mark more closely, then tries as best he can to reproduce it in miniature, using pen and ink. "These men have a priest who communes with the fallen for them, to set their families at ease," he says as he rises.

Ghost frowns. "You'll have to remove him when you leave."

"It'll be taken care of. For now, time is important," announces Gabriel quietly, rising at last. "Let's move."

Heading down the cavern is easy. The mercenaries pause to honor their fallen comrade with a moment of silence, but they move on. The cavern suddenly grows larger, and what looks like a small grove of trees, growing here under the ground is seen. Up ahead the lights of many small fires are seen, as well as many small goblins. They do not seem to have noticed you yet, for they are attempting to breach one of the cavern walls.

The occultist's avian ally is sent to silently fly closer, and through the obscure link that connects them, Gabriel mumbles quietly. "Dig faster.. trying to reach bodies."

Ghost says, "Grave digging? The vermin. Even they normally don't sink so low."

Gabriel silently directs Matthew to make a more thorough sweep of the cavern, seeking out human voices or evidence of more people like him.

The sounds of digging can be heard, which masks the sounds of Matthew's nigh-silent search...

Gabriel nods into the air, then relays to his companions - "Further down," he says, indicating direction as best he can. "Something about a kind of stone."

Ghost huhs. "Shall we then. They do need to be culled now and then, goblins."

The scholar shrugs a little, gesturing for a moment. "If you intend to attack right now, let me offer some benefit to you," he suggests.

Ghost cocks his head. "Benefit?"

"An enchantment to your weapon. Well, to one of them," explains Gabe.

Ghost frowns, and offers his battleaxe to Gabriel handle first. "Careful."

The wizard chants for a moment, raising his hands for a moment before laying them down on the weapon. Again, the runic lettering lights up the air around his hands - thankfully, he's cautiously positioned himself and Ghost outside of the view of any likely intruder. The yellow runes flow slowly down over the haft of the axe, engraving themselves over the surface of the weapon.

Ghost flips his axe over, grabbing it's handle as he sprints into the midst of the six goblins, yelling his war cry, axes whirling, whistling...

Gabriel, too, rushes forward, though with more cunning than glory. He moves swiftly as he can, eyeing the assembled humanoids carefully as he begins to chant the arcane syllables of yet another spell.

Ghost's battleaxe carves through the air, barely stopping as he lops the head off a goblin still just looking up. Another, with quicker relfexes is ducking already, and manages to get out of the way of a wild swing with the hand axe.

Gabriel lines up, red letters flowing out to surround his arms as he intones his next spell. The runes burst forth in a fiery blaze, but his undue caution in attending to the positions of his companions makes short work of an otherwise-well-aimed attack spell.

The Goblins react now, to the presence of a crazed barbarian and a company of mercenaries led by a Mage. They shriek loudly as one of them dies, and go for cover, before being singed by a flash of fire. Two of them drop to the ground, burned to death. The remaining three hurl javelins at Gabriel and Ghost. Well two do. The last goblin takes off running...

The mercenaries close in for melee combat, quickly dispatching the two goblins who dared remain behind. "Someone catch tha' other one!" Shouts one of them, "And hurry up about it... don't let him warn th' others!"

Which takes us to Ghost.

Ghost charges after the fleeing goblin, and trips over a crack in the rock, skidding face first to a halt. "Oof..." he groans, hands spread.

Gabriel waves a hand, signalling Matthew, who's still quietly circling the enclave. The loyal bird swoops toward a rope, claws out...

A net of stones is dislodged, and as Matthew swoops away, chunks of rock descend toward the path of the hapless goblin.

The rocks bound to the ground and the fleeing goblin screeches to a halt just in time to avoid being pummeled to death by falling rocks. It starts to scream, and loudly, although it's masked by the sound of stones falling on stones. Rumble rumble rumble.

Ghost scrambles back to his feet, closing the ground to the goblin quickly, and carving his axe through him. A rock and a hard place. But the falling rocks have likely alerted the goblins ahead...