The northern exit from the barracks is still locked, but the party can hear sounds from the other side when they knock loudly enough. Kyshtym recites the phrase given to him by Thosh. A few moments later, the sound of the lock clicking is heard, and the door swings wide.

Behind it, two dwarves in bloodied chain armor, their battle-axes notched and stained, regard the group warily. "So the ancestors are safe," says one. "Good. You may proceed."

Kyshtym steps in after displaying his token to the guards, "Hemik sends his greetings, and we have cleared out a good deal of goblins and kobolds on this side of the door. Is there anything we can help you with?"

The guards shake their heads. One gestures behind him. "We're bound by the blood oath to guard this door. A week ago we heard and felt something loud from further inside. No word has come back from the guards beyond. But, no kobolds or other menaces either."

Kyshtym nods grumbling about the cold voice from earlier, "Are you at all aware of a possible lich or other foul wretch in the depths? a horrible voice spoke to us after clearing the filth in the pantry. Thankfully great Thosh came to our aid as you know."

The guards look at each other. "That one," says one after a moment. "No lich, that one. Even his agents have thought to come claim the city. One of the greater gods, like your Bahamut. Not to be named."

Although the name of this deity is unknown or unspoken, the title of 'Raven Queen' has been given to it. Even so, it's an ill omen to invoke such a creature in any capacity.

Kyshtym nods, "I know of it. It commands the dead among other foul carrion. Alas, your bretheren that ventured into the pantry have fallen, but will rest in peace now."

"Then perhaps you can travel further for us?" asks one of the defenders. "Find out how our brethren beyond fare. We've only rations for two more weeks before we'd begin to starve."

Kyshtym says, "That was our intent. the filth that coats these halls shall be scoured clean. I have sworn this to Bahamut and Thosh. Anything that you can aid us with will of course be helpful. I was hoping for a map to guide our way."

Lira scratches her chin, "I don't see why we'd turn back now, though I have a feeling I'm going to be what you'd call a light sleeper for a while."

The guards laugh. "So much in the tunnels has changed," says one. "The lower levels should still be intact. But I've no idea how useful a map would be to you at this point."

Kyshtym says, "Any information you can provide will help. Perhaps you can tell us a bit of your tale in this great bloody mess? If any of your kin still live further down, I can render assistance of course."

One of the guards shrugs; the other chuckles. "We're just doing our jobs. Now get goin!" says laughing boy. "We're fine."

Kyshtym grins, "Alright then, may Bahamut grant you his protection and wisdom in the days ahead. We will aid and send any we find back up to you."

Kyshtym looks to his companions, "All set then?"

Lira nods, "Ready to go, or at least as ready as I'll ever be."

Morocco and Rioja both nod as well.

Kyshtym hefts his pack and heads out.

---

The tunnel beyond the door twists and turns. It widens considerably into a thoroughfare suitable for wagons and animal-drawn carts to move goods back and forth. The party finds signs of another exit to the surface which has long since been blocked off by rubble - presumably the way that bulky goods were taken to and from the outside world.

Signs of battle are present, but old - half-decayed kobold bodies, and a few scattered gravestones bearing dwarven writing. Attacks must have come through the bulk entrance at one time, before it was blocked off.

Anything of value has long since been removed from what corpses are here. At the other end of the tunnel, the party discovers a pyre - stacked goblin and kobold skeletons, scorched with fire. And there is a claustrophobic little tunnel, little more than a hole in the wall.

Dwarven writing has been hastily engraved here. It reads: Avenue collapsed by sapping. Climb the cliff face or use the river to reach South Stone.

Kyshtym shines the light from his torch at the hole as he tries to peer in.

What's left of the Avenue is now a little hole that's been dug out. In the distance, Kyshtym can hear running water.

Kyshtym says, "Hmm, seems we either climb or swim. I'm not a very good climber though."

Kyshtym says, "As we need to head down rather than up, that would seem the route we need to take. I am open to any ideas you may have too."

Rioja frowns. "Wizards can portal to another place, a skill I lack, to my shame and disgrace." In turn, Morocco shrugs. "So? We'll go down however we can."

Lira says, "Whatever it takes."

Kyshtym gives Rioja a hearty pat on the back, "Don't worry about it, we'll manage."

Some exploration of the tunnel yields results. It opens out into a completely natural cavern, a crevasse that descends into darkness. And beyond, the banks of a fast-flowing river.

Lira thinks it through, looking at the situation. There doesn't seem to be any other way down, and the risk is that getting back up is even more difficult. The safest way down involves rope, pitons and rock hammers - climber's gear. Barring that, there might be enough spare cloth from the fallen in the barracks to make a serviceable line. Either would greatly improve the group's chances against the ravine.

The descent begins. With 50 feet of rope, the group will have to go step by step - the crevasse itself is much, much deeper than this. Disaster almost strikes when Kyshtym finds that he's misjudged the texture of the stone, and the line begins to come free of its mooring. Lira is just in time to vault down and grab hold of it, bracing herself against one of the spurs which jut from the walls here.

"Y'want me to manage that?" calls Morocco, surveying the situation carefully.

Kyshtym says, "A little help would be appreciated."

The warlord nods. "Alright then. Lira...." He begins giving instructions. The lithe ranger is to descend the rock face, find a good anchor point where the party can all hang on, and manage the rope. Morocco in turn will help people up and down the line, bolstered by Kyshtym.

The tactic seems productive. The human soldier seems adept at ferrying people up and down rope, not just because of his muscular build, but from some previous history. This must be his seasoned campaigner's experience, Kyshtym reckons as he watches.

More than halfway down (if one were to guess), disaster once again nearly befalls the paladin. He slips, falling several feet and injuring himself against a stony spike of rock. He's not wounded badly, but it will require him a few minutes of rest to recuperate. Well enough - the others continue down in the meanwhile.

Finally the climbers reach solid stone. The rope is retrieved and stowed, and the small bundle of tightly-packed armor and other possessions that had been lowered along with the group is retrieved. Using their light sources, the party discerns that they've descended through a cave-in.

The roads here - for these can be nothing but - are wide and spacious, connecting underground buildings cut from the solid stone. Dwarven runes are everywhere.

Near the cave-in, a crude arrow has been etched into the rock, along with the name "South Stone". It seems to point the way down one thoroughfare.

Kyshtym \[to Lira\]: "Can you make anything of the other runes before we follow the pointed way?"

Kyshtym looks about for any other signs aside from the arrow of the party of dwarves that came before them.

Kyshtym finds nothing, "I suppose the arrow is the only way. Best keep our eyes peeled for signs of the others though. I would hate to take a wrong turn and risk missing them or getting us into worse trouble."

Lira says, "Yeah, we could take a look around, but I don't think we're going to find much, and I'm not keen on digging for more trouble than I'm sure we're already in for just by being here in the first place."

Kyshtym hefts on his armor again and heads in the direction of the arrow, "Onward then."

The party travels along streets and side-tunnels, following the series of arrows which have been carved into the rock. Unlike the finely decorated and professional inscriptions which seem to represent the city's more civilized signs, this shows the marks of haste and urgency - a sigil drawn under wartime conditions.

Eventually the group arrives in a cavern. Kobold and goblin corpses are strewn across the floor. Ahead is a heavy man-made fortification of rock, wood and metal, like others they have seen. Sentries can be seen posted through gaps in the barricade. "Halt and identify!" calls one, gruffly.

Kyshtym holds up his token, "I am Kyshtym, paladin of Bahamut! My companions and I are here to assist in cleaning out the scourge that plagues this city."

"You others, show your tokens as well!" the voice demands.

Kyshtym nudges Lira muttering, "Go on lass."

Morocco and Rioja oblige as well.

Lira grudgingly presents her token.

After a moment, part of the barricade is pulled back. This place has been here long enough to permit the arrangement of a weighted pulley system of some kind, for the doors that open do so with relative ease. Beyond, the party can see what - for Thosh - is a thriving little community.

The group enters, and are told to keep their weapons at hand. Inside, light, music and the smell of freshly cooked food speak of a definite hub of activity in this war-torn and sometimes abandoned city.

Tents and wooden shelters make up the entirety of this 'town'. Merchant's booths form a ring in the center of the cavern; around them on the outer edges must be residences. It's all built from scrap, flotsam and jetsam thrown together in an emergency, but it seems secure.

"Welcome to South Stone. Weapons, provisions, and other goods sold here!" The buyers and sellers begin to hawk their wares loudly with the advent of new guests.

Kyshtym finds a small unoccupied campfire circle and sets down his gear and bedroll. He then sits and rubs his back where he fell, grimacing slightly at the pain in his sore muscles.

Lira breathes a sigh of relief, happy to be presented with the chance to take a break instead of more creatures of ill-intent. Happily she joins the circle, taking the opportunity to relax and filter through her belongings and what goods the adventurers have collected so far.