Lira takes a bit of rope and rigs it into a make-shift trip line, taking care to hide it amongst the dirt and debris of the room, "Well, the little freaks aren't the brightest, right? This should do."

Kyshtym says, "Aye, well done lass. Lets get out of plain sight and wait for them. I hope they will came soon."

Time passes, but not much. A few hours later, the trap is sprung. Kobolds!

The kobolds apparently descended via ropes. They number a single robed cleric, two which carry shields, and four chittering henchmen. But there's more: two drakes, minor draconic creatures, have been lowered down on their own ropes.

With no opposition in sight quite yet, and knowing that their presence has been noted, they fan out around the shaft.

The wyrmpriest chitters orders. Many footsteps can be heard from the other chamber.

Kyshtym steps out into view, chanting a prayer to bahamut. The party feels more fortified as he moves out to meet the throng in the other chamber.

Boldly, Rioja steps forward. Lightning streaks forth from his hands, striking at the nearby kobolds.

Unfortunately, the kobolds - keyed up to expect an attack - evade it easily.

Morocco follows his companion out, but he has no better luck - he can't get close enough as the lightning darts out and misses his chance.

The wyrmpriest screeches. The guard drakes rush forward, trapping Morocco. One viciously rakes at the warlord, causing him to cry out in pain.

The wyrmpriest doesn't manage the same success as his guardian drakes, but he manages to taunt at Morocco with his spear rather than be cut to ribbons by the man's sword.

Lira swings into the open space, opening fire on the closest of the troop she can find. She lands a shot square, and the arrow crackles as its energy courses through the area and zaps not only the drake guard she aimed for but the priest and one of the armed kobolds.

The minions reverse course, charging back in and wielding their crude spears.

Lira evades attack, but Rioja's thigh is bloodied by the creature's poke.

The twin kobold dragonshields move with uncharacteristic precision, aided by the wyrmpriest's directions. They surround Kyshtym and attack, but are wary enough of the dragonkin's breath attack that they fail to strike.

Rioja's second lightning attack is more successful, electrocuting two of the kobolds and sending them sprawling.

Morocco turns. "Kysh, now!" he says, and his body language is clear even before he strikes at the guard drake. As his sword plunges deep, the paladin has an opening.

Kyshtym takes the opportunity and drives his sword home, piercing the beast in the side.

The guard drakes scream in unison. Both claw futilely at Kyshtym, but he dodges one and his armor absorbs the brunt of the other.

The wyrmpriest slides out of the way and pokes at Morocco with his spear.

"We're exposed! Back up!" calls Morocco urgently.

The kobold minions hurl their javelins, but to no avail - there's simply too much going on in the melee.

"Kysh, back up!" Morocco suggests. "Chokepoint!"

Without a nearer target, the dragonshield lashes out at Morocco - but a burst of radiant energy pains it briefly enough to spoil its aim.

Its fellow moves to isolate Morocco, but the warlord is ready, and wheels to raise his sword in time to parry the thrust.

Rioja shouts out an invocation, conjuring a flaming sphere next to one of the guard drakes.

With a scream, the wounded drake is incinerated by a sudden burst of flame. Satisfied, Rioja quickly backs away.

Morocco moves, but the dragonshield keeps pace with him, putting the human between itself and the deadly sphere of fire. But as he does, the warlord spins and with a brutal yell plunges his broadsword into the guts of the dragonshield.

In retaliation, the wyrmpriest barks an order. The surviving guard drake pounces, wounding Morocco badly.

The priest also conjures an orb of energy, hurling it at Lira while his associates deal with Morocco. He shouts another command, sending them scurrying for the doorway.

Lira retreats back into her original position, hoping to snag a shot against a kobold nearby during her evasive action, but she misses as she moves back behind a corner.

Morocco gasps, then collapses in place. "I won't make it," he whispers weakly, then hits the ground.