The improvised camp of South Stone has welcomed the adventurers into its sheltering walls. After resting a bit, the group splits up to find out what's available here. By the look of it, it's a trading post for those still fighting the intruders who've come to loot the city. Fallen heroes' weapons and kobold spears are both offered by the same vendor. Glistening gems and smudged silver bars lie on a blanket in one corner, protected by a well-armed bravo and supervised by a smiling human. Food and water rations are sold, not given away.

Morocco and Rioja unlimber some of their own possessions and everyone reviews what they've reclaimed from the kobolds, goblins and other creatures as well.

Kyshtym suggests pooling the spoils for a sack of everlasting provisions to the others in the party.

Kyshtym says, "Provided of course they have one here, it would benefit all of us and we needn't worry about carrying around food anymore."

A short trip around South Stone yields one, and only one. The group learns that most of this camp's food is actually brought in via a sort of caravan route - heavily armed dwarven defenders who escort a cart from here to another far-off post further inside Thosh.

The merchant selling the item in question, named Reiga, has a suggestion. "Y'know, the priests regularly go up and propitiate the ancestor spirits of the dwarves buried in the city," he explains. "But what with the attacks, it's dangerous. I'm sure they'd be willing to pay for some bodyguards on their next trip."

Kyshtym says, "It's just a suggestion unless you lot have ideas of what you want to buy. At least until we can afford more items."

"We'll definitely need to eat," Morocco says ruefully. "I think it's a good idea. And if these priests need an escort, that sounds both profitable and righteous. It's what we're here for, right?"

Lira says, "And I'd feel more comfortable having a few extra coins in my pocket without trading it for an empty stomach."

Kyshtym says, "Aye. Shopkeep, if you would be so kind as to hold onto that bag for us? We'll go speak to the priests."

"Righto," Reiga says cheerfully.

Shamek is one of the dwarven priests making time at South Stone. He's been pointed out as the best man to talk to about such business. He looks close enough to Hemik to be his brother, or at least kin, and responds cordially when the party approaches him.

Kyshtym says, "Hail Shamek, how do you fare? We've come from the entrance guarded by Hemik, if you know him, and are here to offer any aid we can."

"He's my cousin, yes," Shamek answers with a smile. "Our whole clan's been bound to the priesthood for generations. We've served faithfully, even worshipping the ancestors when others have fled."

"Too many dwarves have fallen here for us to be lax in that duty," he says as well, and his smile fades somewhat.

It takes a moment, but the paladin realizes now why this is so important. It is the ancestors of the dwarves who welcome their spirits into the afterlife. If the dwarven families of Thosh do not correctly honor their forefathers, a limbo awaits them upon death. And suddenly he realizes that this must be what the Raven Queen is here for.

Lira nudges Kyshtym, "This sounds like a mutually beneficial venture. Let's go for it."

Kyshtym says, "As we understand, you are planning to guide your fallen to the afterlife and have need of some guards. We are a bit short of coin to buy some provisions that we need, but if you can cover the difference we can surely help."

Shamek nods. "The wealth of the ancestors is meant for the living, and for such a duty you'll surely receive some of it. We leave in two days' time, when the next shipment arrives. There'll be more priests with it, and together we'll go the halls of the ancestors."

Kyshtym says, "We will go with you then. Two days will be plenty of time to prepare."

Kyshtym says, "By the way, do you know if there is anything we may need for the trip to the halls?"

Shamek shakes his head. "Just arms and your wits."

Rioja has been off speaking to other arcanists and practitioners of magic, and rejoins the group as they speak to the priest. "There's one other matter to which we attend, the kobolds' dust shipments must come to an end." He hefts the sack taken from the kobolds earlier - that containing the strange powder or dust they used. "I've asked of my fellows and they know its story, the dragons make use of it to further their glory."

Kyshtym growls.

Lira says, "Little buggers."

"Deep in the forges they hope to empower, the dragons spread dust while their kobold slaves cower. They'll turn the dwarves' masterwork fire to ruin, or at least that's what I'm told that they're doing," Rioja explains.

Kyshtym asks Rioja, "We have accepted a quest to aid the priests in exchange for the money to buy the goods we need. However we have two days before they depart. Do you think we can put a stop to the kobolds before then?"

Rioja shrugs. "We'll have to find their small secret route, a thing which nobody else has found out. We'll have to be cunning and clever of mind, if this smuggling tunnel we hope to find. It may take a day or it may take a year, and we may not succeed, I quite greatly fear. Still it's a worthy and generous quest, since it's a good deed for a host from a guest."

Lira scratches her chin, "And it'll probably make things that much easier for us down the road."

Kyshtym says, "We will keep the kobolds in mind then, as a tertiary task at least. We might be able to put more of a focus on it later. My ancesstry should not be at this and I fear the unmentionable one may be behind that as well."

"Your Common's improved a lot since I met you," Morocco is saying to Rioja. The wizard smiles appreciatively.

Kyshtym, taking a break from the chatter, looks about the bazarr and listening politely to gossip.

The most compelling thing that the party keeps hearing as they fan out and question the inhabitants of South Stone is the need for more defenses. Traps, barricades, raw materials and salvageable goods are all important. If anyone were to go out and bring back useful materials from the ruined city around them, they'd be paid fairly for it. Of course, anything within a day's travel has already probably been stripped bare - but setting up traps or blocking off access points would be just as valuable.

One of the dwarf guards also mentions that the air's been running slightly heavy lately, as though the city's ventilation systems aren't working properly. But he doesn't expect anything to come of that, he's just letting off a bit of steam.

Kyshtym says, "There is no easy way of getting back to were we started and retrieving the barriers that were still usable. We might be able to check the alternate paths that we saw on the road here after climbing down the cave in."

Morocco nods. "It sounds like those fellows upstairs have the barracks covered in any case. I think our real work is further in."

Kyshtym says, "At least in keeping the evil down there from crawling up."

Kyshtym says, "A bit of fresh air may help boost the morale of everyone though. What do you say we take a look at some of the airholes?"

Rioja also brings interesting news. "A teleportation circle has been opened below, in case back to home you wish to go. The trade route that comes here crosses through space, to with money we might get fast to that place."

Kyshtym says, "I think the trade line can wait for now, we've got quite enough on our plate to keep us busy until it is time to accompany the priests."