The lift comes to a jerky stop near the fan blades. In the group's light, the rope ladder that's slowly twisting itself around the assembly is quite obviously the cause of the loss of fresh air. When blowing at full strength, this mechanism would carry air down to the depths.

Rioja has stopped the mechanism and is peering up from the gloom below.

Kyshtym peers back down, "Can you work a spell on yourself back up here with us?"

"It wouldn't be all that easy," the wizard replies from below. "I know none such and I'd get queasy."

Kyshtym looks about for another lever at the top that may send the mechanism back down.

Lira, still holding tight to the platform and turning paler than usual mutters, "I know the feeling."

Lira says, "Have we got a length of rope that would reach him?"

Morocco rummages around in his bags. "Yeah. But do we need him just to cut some rope ladder?" he asks curiously.

Kyshtym says, "Perhaps not, but I would rather not leave him with who knows what lurking about both down there and possibly up here."

Lira says, "He would probably be of better use down there, where he can let us back down."

"Well for now let's cut that ladder loose," Morocco suggests. "This won't take but a minute anyway, and it's what we came for."

Kyshtym calls back down to Rioja, "Just stay down there for now and keep your wits about you. We'll go ahead and cut the ladder free and come back as soon as possible."

Lira volunteers to shut down the fan, pulling herself up onto its frame. Halfway across she slips, but catches hold in time to prevent any harm from being done, save perhaps her dignity.

Kyshtym watches Lira step causiously across the fan and slip, only to grasp the fan blade at the last second. He rushes on ignoring the danger and grabs her wrist to pull her back up.

Kyshtym says, "Come along now, we don't need any flattened comrads at the bottom of this tube."

Lira chuckles nervously and dusts herself off after getting her balance again.

Kyshtym notices a plate laid to the side of the mechanism meant to turn the fan, he snatches it up and sets it against the flow of water before heading back to the ledge where the others are waiting.

Kyshtym slashes at the rope ladder with Morocco. The rope is cleaved easily and falls loose from the fan limply down the tube.

Kyshtym says, "That sould take care of that, we just need to start it back up now."

The lift returns to the ground floor. As it arrives, Rioja speaks. "Rope ladders and hemp rungs are not of dwarvish make. They build machines like this - someone else will that route take."

"You think it could be the kobolds?" asks Morocco, staring at his friend curiously. Rioja nods. "None else would so carelessly descend. If this is their route, then their smuggling we could end."

Kyshtym says, "Possibly one of the routes they took to bring the dust down to the dragons below perhaps?"

"Yeah." Morocco rubs his chin. "The air system must go all the way down, right? The deep levels have to breathe as well. It'd be dangerous and foolhardy, but.. these _are_ kobolds."

Kyshtym says, "If such is the case, they will be hard pressed to bring more down aagin without larger help I would think. This may cause the dragons down there a blow too without a steady supply to fortify them."

Morocco nods. "But we haven't stopped 'em yet. And that rope ladder being cut may tip 'em off."

Lira says, "Well, we're already here. Might as well keep looking for them."

Kyshtym says, "I guess there's no real way of knowing until we get down there. Still, this will help us out for now. The less of the miasma of those beasts and more fresh air will help everyone feel heartier I would think."

The group discusses the kobold problem for a few minutes. A few plans are discussed.

Rioja brings up a point: "If there were any potent wizard working above, this smuggling push would not come to shove. Dragons would open a portal circle below, the wizard would cast and off they would go."

Morocco nods. "Yeah. Even South Stone is using magic teleportation circles for transportation. These guys must really have nothing, if they are using a scheme like this air vent. And we've found kobolds throughout the city with the dust with them, so that must be it."

Kyshtym says, "A more bruteish leader then, take him out and our problem solves itself. The only question is where is he?"

Kyshtym grins to himself, "Perhaps if we capture one of the kobolds I might be able to get him to talk?"

The warlord nods. "That's a good idea." He thinks a moment longer. "You know, _they_ probably dam off the water too, to slow down the fan so _they_ can climb past. We can go back up and take that plate away, then camp here and listen for them."

Kyshtym nods, "Excelent, lets do that then."

This time, Morocco operates the lever according to Rioja's instructions. The wizard uses the lift. Using _mage hand_, he pries the plate free from its resting spot. The thing falls immediately, and after a second or two clatters into the pit. The lift is lowered, and the group climb back into the large chamber.

Kyshtym sets his pack against the wall and pulls out a meat roll to gnaw while resting, "I think a simple watch will be all we need as long as we don't have a fire going to clue them to us when they arrive, we can use the dark to our advantage. "

Lira glances around until she sees a comfortable spot...At least, as comfortable as one can expect under the circumstances. Setting herself down she declines to set up anything too elaborate in the way of bedding, keeping her weapons ready and using her pack as a headrest, "Until then let's keep on our toes."