Aura informs the group that the jewelry shop where the Gold Bug met its end has enough Link filaments still present that another compass could be built. The significance of this is that Link activity can now be triangulated.

The filaments can't be moved from their location without disrupting their usefulness, however. If the government wishes to make use of them, Aura explains patiently, they will need to work with the store owner. Captain Tove suggests rather more pragmatically that the Fed should simply buy the property.

Floyd takes a long pull on a cup of coffee before answering. "We're the government. We're not generally in the jewelry business." He nudges debris with his toe. "But it is a disaster area. I don't know, maybe we can put it under Nuclear Regulatory Commission seal. Not exactly subtle."

"We're gonna need an explanation for what happened here, anyway," Jason points out. "Too many people saw the Gold Bug, never mind a huge paper dragon flying down the street."

Floyd shrugs. "If it was the Macy's Parade nobody would think twice about it."

"Sounds good," cracks Jason. "We'll wait till Thanksgiving to stop the next one."

The FBI quickly discovers that an unfortunate side-affect of the Gold Bug incident is that a lot of pure gold has suddenly disappeared, and the insurance agencies backing the jewelry stores become relunctant to pay out. At Floyd's suggestion, the FBI provides appropriate paperwork for all of the establishments, save the final one. On the one hand, without the federal affadavits, the jewler cannot obtain an insurance settlement. On the other, the government itself steps in to buy them out. It's a dirty trick, but everyone gets what they deserve, and with the area sealed as a crime scene, the second Link Compass is safe for now.

---

Toby has formally proposed his plan to Floyd: start construction of a flying craft under the junk-yard, incorporating alien technology into it, and using it as a base of operations. All he wants is to be left alone while doing it; he'll do the work himself.

"I'm not necessarily opposed to the idea," Floyd hazards, "but are you sure that you want to do it all yourself? We've got dozens of top scientists who would give their right arm to see this thing. They can help you."

"I've worked on cars before," replies Toby calmly. "This is just a very large, roundish car. I will be fine, but your lab-coated boys may visit me at any time and admire the progress."

Floyd looks to Aura for confirmation, and the alien woman simply smiles in reply. "Alright, suit yourself. It will take a while to find some eggheads who won't lost their minds over it anyway."

Colin turns to Jason, musing on Floyd's report of the latest findings. "Jason. Usually 'stuff' doesn't just up and dissapear, right? Or did the gold 'dissapear' in that special way which means we'd be opening crates for a while to find it?"

"Good question. Aura, what happened to all the gold?" asks Jason, redirecting the question to the local expert.

The golden-hued woman smiles. "Right now I'm disentangling the filaments from the gold," she explains. "After that is done, I can lock the Link away in its container, and I'll be done with the gold. But, hmm, am I to understand that it was already shaped into things?"

Floyd chuckles. "You could say that. As near as we can tell, he shaped it into a new body."

Aura bobs her head. Despite being metallic, her hair waves gracefully with the motion. "So then.. I don't think we'll be able to give it back to them the way we found it."

Colin blinks, "Er.. yeah? But yes, it was made into ornament. But I'm sure someone somewhere owuld like to have the material itself back."

"Apparently he shaped it right out of our normal understanding of existance while he was at it," comments Marcus. "Is that what we are to accept as the explanation?"

Aura nods agreeably. "Well... sort of. I think the Link was too strong for him, honestly. It gave him..... something, well, something that a part of him wanted. His dark side?"

"Yeah," Floyd says. "That part bothers me. Why would it drive him crazy, but not our fine friends here?"

Aura looks from face to face. "Do you have dark sides?"

Jason scratches his head. "I'm not sure. Apart from spending a bit too much time working on Silver... I figure I'm just an ordinary guy."

"We all have flaws," says Marcus. "We just have the will and moral fortitude to keep the more unpleasant aspects of ourselves in check."

Colin stamemrs a bit. "I don't have a dark side like a villian in a Batman comic.. BUt there are parts of my life of which I'm not proud."

"Where does will come from?" asks Aura.

"Depends who you ask," replies Marcus. "Being a Christian, I would say it's a gift from God."

Aura thinks a moment, tapping her bottom lip with a finger. "So, then... The Link spreads through your brain, waiting to connect to something. It waits for something to attach to. I think, because you made your choice to Link, that it connected to your willingness. I think, because that man's dark side grasped for it, that that's what guided his actions. Does that sound sensible?"

"It's reasonable enough for us to work with," says Marcus. "Finding more of these rogue links may give us the answers we seek. I'm kinda curious about a few things myself, at this point."

Colin hrms. "I'm sure some people find this sort of pondering interesting.. But I'm more worried about Aura's kinsmen or those that know she's here."

Floyd says, "Hey, isn't this getting a little philosophical? Scrapper is building flying saucers in his backyard, and we've got two Link detectors. Maybe we should be looking for the next one of... whatever they are." He looks at his watch. "And I'm going to have to brief the Director, and not to put too fine a point on it, explain how we avoided a remake of 'War of the Worlds'. Either the Orson Wells or the George Pal versions."

Colin looks at Floyd. "Have we avoided it?"

Marcus dodges the philosophy by directing his own pointed question to Aura, "It occurs to me, in this admittedly small sample, I'm the odd man out. Everyone else seems to link to elements, yet I link to paper."

"I'm guessing that 'element' doesn't mean earth, air, fire, and water here," Floyd adds. "What's the difference?"

Aura blinks owlishly. "Don't you like paper?" she asks after a moment.

"I'm in the business," replies Marcus. "Of course I have a soft spot for it. Some of the best ideas ever recorded make their home on paper." He looks to Floyd and says, "I think we'll save the chemistry lesson until a bit later."

"Along the same lines, why is the link just one element and not, say, two or three?" asks Marcus.

It's as though a candle flickered to life above Aura's head. "Ah!" she says. "Your Link might be bent."

"Is that like getting your Schwartz twisted?" jokes Marcus.

Though not a word passes between them, Toby retrieves a pair of C batteries from his tools, along with a wire coat hangar. He sets the batteries side by side, and untwists the hangar, then presents it to Aura with a proud smile. She rewards him with a smile and nod, then returns her attention to Marcus.

"So, you see..." She pushes forward, using the coat hangar as a primitive instrument, and nudges one of the batteries away from its spot to rest a half-inch away. "This is Colin and Jason. And Mr. Goldberg. So..." With Toby's help, she bends the end of the hangar into an L-shape. Now, when she pushes again, both batteries move together. "You see?"

Jason studies the demonstration. "So... because Marcus has a bent Link, he can push more than one battery at once? Atom, I mean."

Aura nods. "Ones close together."

"And here I thought we were going to get alien technology powered by Duracell," remarks Jason.

Floyd nods. "I guess that makes sense. I won't feel like a fool trying to explain it to my boss, anyway."

"Works for me," says Marcus. "It's like having white light scattered by a prism, in a way."

Floyd frowns. "For the record, my degrees are in history and law."

"I wonder if I can bend it more," muses Marcus quietly.

Captain Tove speaks up at this point. "Legal enforcement powers work within the confines of the United States, Floyd. Now that we have the possibility to track these things, we may find them world-wide. I think it's pretty clear now that our guys here can get the job done quicker and quieter than a task force. But have we considered how to deploy them rapidly enough to save lives?"

Colin looks at Toby. "That's being worked on, yes?"

"I guess that depends," Floyd says to Tove. "What are you qualified to fly?"

Tove's lopsided grin shows an appreciation for the question. "Pave Hawk's the last bird where I had the stick, if we're talking about something without obvious guns."

Floyd nods. "I've been in those. Or the ground-pounders' variant, anyway. We might be able to get one, and that will help if we run into something within, say, three hundred miles. Ai yi yi," he suddenly grumbles. "Black helicopters, the FBI, flying saucers... we're making every one of Lear's paranoid fantasies come true and it's only Thursday."

"The UFO won't be done for a few days," Toby grumbles.

Floyd gapes. "I thought it would take months," he blurts.

In response, Toby scoops a handful of rivets out of his pocket, shaping them into a fist with an upraised middle finger. "To that with your months," he grins ferally.

Colin says, "What about the compasses?"

"What about em?" Toby asks. "The last one was simple enough to build. So will this one be. I think.."

Tove smiles. "Well then. Let's see about getting a helicopter now, and save the UFO for when we need it. This way, Darth Vader and St. George here can do their jobs."

"We'd probably better learn how to use a parachute," adds Jason. "Unless Aura can guarantee that our Links can't be disrupted? I mean, I'd hate to lose my hold on nitrogen five thousand feet up."

Aura shakes her head sadly. "It's possible to Unlink you. But... I think it would be very difficult for humans to do."

Jason nods. "So we'll save _that_ worry for when the next invasion craft shows up."

Floyd goes through the now-familiar routine of unstowing his phone and tapping through dialing codes. "They keep Blackhawks at Quantico, along with all the parachutes and cop stuff you could ever want. I'll ask for some flak vests while we're at it, there are plenty in stock since we took away the ATF's toys." Floyd steps outside the door for a long convesation in Fed-speak.

When Floyd returns, he looks puzzled. "Some guy from ARPA, named Maurer, said he has a delivery for me. He's a plasma specialist, whatever that means. I've never heard of him before."

"Sounds like a lot of fun," says Marcus. "Plasma!" He isn't really sure what it is, either. "You know, at some point, we're gonna have to tell something more close to the truth to the public." He asides to Floyd, "You know, if we have someone control the Statue of Liberty or the Washington Monument and take them for a walk.."

"After the UFO, Mr. Marcus," says Toby firmly.

Floyd feigns heat palpitations. "Please, not in an election year!"