Floyd goes to meet Doctor Maurer at the edge of Scrapper's property, out of respect for the junk man's hostility towards uninvited, armed guests. The Fed-approved rental Taurus pulls into the driveway and discharges its passengers. Floyd doesn't know the driver, but stops dead in his tracks when he sees who was in the passenger seat. "Martinez?!"

Despite the silver-headed cane, Martinez is fit for his sixty years. The former fed has traded his suit and tie for a Hawaiian shirt and grey cotton slacks. He's kept his trademark opaque sunglasses, though; once a MiB, always a MiB. "Hiya, Floyd," he says mildly, with a hint of a Brooklyn accent. "This here is Doctor Johann Maurer. You're probably wondering what we're doing here."

Maurer holds out a hand. "Call me Johnny," he says in a mild germanic accent; Floyd is fairly sure that 'Call me Johnny' really means 'Call me Doctor Maurer.' Still, the man has a firm handshake; indicating that he's been around Americans for a while.

"Agent O'Shea. Call me Floyd," he replies. "Martinez. You were retired." It might be an accusation.

Martinez waves a hand at Floyd. "I AM retired. Relax, kid. I'm not here to steal your thunder. The Attorney General asked me very politely if I would act as a consultant for your operation. You wanna tell her 'no'?" He shifts his weight on the cane, a kind of shrug. "Anyway. The important thing is that Johnny here has something he wants to show you."

Maurer is already at the trunk of the car, and unloads a gleaming silver apparatus. The scientist attaches a sling and maneuvers it into an approximation of 'port arms'. "That thing looks like the bastard offspring of a vaccum cleaner and the Starship Enterprise," Floyd quips. "Where did this come from, Martinez? Not from here. Scrapper would have known." He frowns at the older agent. "You told me that all that Roswell stuff was bullshit. So where did this come from?"

Martinez chuckles; even Maurer cracks a nervous grin. "Roswell was bullshit, Floyd. I never lied to you. To the best of my knowledge, 'they' have never been here before. This thing - " he motions with the cane - "was a piece of gear that Maurer built to analyze the... stuff... left at the jewelry shop you just made Uncle Sam impound."

"I didn't really build it," Maurer adds. "It used to be a real-time magnetic resonance spectromater. It was on loan from the Princton Plasma Laboratory. Very expensive."

Floyd looks suspicious. "Why are you both speaking in the past tense?"

Maurer opens a panel on the side of the device; the circuits within are suffused by an ethereal blue radiance. "It's okay to have a look," the scientist says. "We think it's safe."

"You _think_?" Floyd mutters, but he's not really listening. He knows a little bit about electronics, and recognizes something familiar in the traces and wiring. "Those are Link shards!"

Martinez smiles. "When Johnny put this thing down on the floor to do his readings, the little buggers crawled inside and made themselves at home. It... uh... built itself."

Floyd straightens, and Maurer closes the access panel. "OK, fascinating. Does it do something?"

Maurer nods. "To demonstrate, we need a suitable object. Something between five and seven hundred kilograms, non-living, no more than six meters in length." He points to the rusting carcass of a Ford Pinto. "That will do nicely."

"Whoa, hey," Floyd blurts. "Scrapper is real touchy about cops and guns -"

He gets no further. Maurer fires from the hip, Rambo-style. The business end of the device releases a pulsating coil of orange and blue energy that shines like fire and flows like water. It engulfs the wreck in a blue haze, but Floyd sees no obvious damage.

Maurer shifts his grip on the device, and the car's remains lift into the air. Though it must weigh five hundred pounds, it rises and moves as if Maurer had it on a leash. The scientist grins. "Pretty good, yes?"

Maurer twists a knob, and the energy flows away from the car, and disappears back into the device. The wreck falls back to earth, but far more slowly than Floyd would have expected. It lands with a dull 'thud'.

Floyd has learned to control his astonishment lately, but he still spends a few long seconds gawking. "And it's safe?" he finally asks.

"Well, we tried it on a few lab animals, and they were no worse for the wear," Martinez reports. "It has one side-affect on humans."

Floyd stares at Martinez, but the old man doesn't elaborate. "The field has an unexplained effect on the verbal mannerisms of those caught within," Maurer says quietly. "Put simply... they temporarily accquire an English accent. A perfect, BBC accent," he adds.

Floyd snorts. "Oh, come on. Is that a joke? You must be joking."

Maurer fixes Floyd with a look of mild annoyance. "I never joke about my work, Agent Floyd." He removes the device and starts packing it into a padded metal carrying case. "Anyway. It was only that one poor fellow. Just don't be cavalier with it, and your victims will be no worse for the wear."

Floyd leaves Maurer to his work. "So what about you, then?" he asks Martinez. "'Consulting?' Come on. You said you wanted out."

Martinez fiddles with his cane, drumming his fingers on the silver grip at the top. He starts to walk; Floyd follows him. "The Legacy Office goes back to World War One, Floyd. I was the fifth guy they put in charge. That's five guys who spent nearly eighty years chasing after everything from Little Green Men to Hoover's missing panties." He sighs. "That's a lot of dirty laundry, and a lot of boring crap. Who wouldn't want to spend the rest of their life playing golf after that?"

Martinez stops. "But this... this new thing you're doing, this is the _real_ shit." He motions around the junkyard with the tip of his cane. "The United States Government hired a bunch of guys in a junkyard to save the world. Floyd." His tone becomes ever so slightly reproachful. "You think I'd miss _this_?"

Floyd nods slowly. "Yeah. I get it." Maurer trots up and hands Floyd a key, presumably to the gun case. "Alright, then. If you two are here for the duration, let's go meet the rest of the team."