The Bronco is parked at the side of the road just southwest of Ripley, West Virginia. On the trail of a numbers station broadcasting in the area, something bounced off the roof of the vehicle and disappeared into the underbrush by the road.

As soon as the vehicle is brought to a halt Marcus tugs a case of paper outside and immediately works at the best defense he has - a really big work of origami in the form of a dragon. "I have heard of hitting animals in a car, but not having them jump on the vehicle," he says quickly. "You catch sight of what it was?"

"I didn't _see_ anything," says Jason. "But I felt something. Like... a sort of premonition, I guess." He floats a few feet into the air, looking out onto the horizon.

Colin looks over at Marcus. "Well, there wasn't anythign to see, but... I felt." Then he looks over at Jason as he said the same thing, "I wonder what that means. Maybe we should get on the radio and ask Aura."

"Whatever it was, I didn't feel it," says Marcus. He looks up at Jason and then pulls a wall of paper around himself, just in case. "I think this must mean we're onto something, though."

Colin picks up the radio and talks into it. "Umm, is anyone there?" Colin asks, weakly. An generally affirmitive noise is heard from the other side. "Yeah, we made contact with... something just now. Can you put Aura on? We have a question..." Some shuffling later.. "Yeah, something just ran past, and both Jason and I felt.. a twinge in our links. ... DO you know what that might be, Aura?"

"What does that sort of feeling usually mean for you, Colin?" Aura asks, sounding concerned even over the crackly radio.

This question evokes a period of silence from Colin. He closes his eyes, and tries to think. It was more of a poke...

Colin thinks back, remembering a nightmare he had when he was a boy. In the dream, there was a closet in his room and the door was slightly ajar. A light was coming through the crack. When he went over to it, he could feel a presence behind the door - the tenor of the echoes, the movement of air - and he thought he could hear a voice. But he _knew_ there was nobody inside. And when he went back to bed, and turned his face away from the closet door, he could _feel_ a figure creeping toward him, arms outstretched. But when he looked to see it, he saw nothing. This feeling is exactly the same - a human presence without physical evidence.

Colin picks up the radio again, only slightly shaken by the running of his memory, if only a childhood dream. "It felt like someone was there..." He pauses, "I coudl feel somethign or soemone familiar, perhaps of me. Something I didn't see, but that I felt.."

Jason, on the other hand, felt a very definite association with a phenomenon from the real world. Movement in the corners of his eyes, and things that seemed to lurk and impinge on his awareness but which fled when he tried to focus on them. He later learned to associate them with strenuous activity - it was simply a matter of the blood vessels in his eyes becoming strained from heavy circulation in his blood stream. But still, those vague ghosts that vanished upon inspection were an amusing, if inconsequential, memory.

"I felt something similar," said Jason. "As if there was someone, or something nearby, but went away when I tried to look right at it."

Aura listens. "Oh," she says at last, sounding cheerful. "Well then... that's probably what it is. Something which is there but which can't be seen."

For his part, Floyd is inspecting the vegetation at the side of the road. Something did come through here - there are indefinable prints on the ground, and some of the twigs are broken by the passage of a material body.

Colin looks at the Radio, and asks the next question, "So.. why would, say, Jason and I feel it, but not Marcus?"

Floyd doesn't understand ghosts. He trusts his cop's instincts. "Someone was here," he says. "We just didn't see it." Then, he mutters, "Maybe they don't show up on infrared at all."

"The link that we're after might be connected to yours somehow. Like a compound element. Do you know anything that contains both nitrogen and oxygen in its composition?" asks Aura.

Colin looks blankly at Jason.

Floyd kneels by the prints. "Explosives are like that, aren't they?" He doesn't sound nervous. Just... wary.

"Yeah, that's how my fireball works," says Jason. "But... living things would have both things as well. As well as minerals made from living things. We're in coal country, aren't we?"

"Yeah," Floyd says. "Loretta Lynn came from around here." He slings the bizzare weapon that was Maurer's gift. "We can try to follow this print. Maybe the best way to figure out what happened is to make it happen again."

"Does the print give us any idea of the general shape or weight of the thing we're going after?" asks Marcus. He'll take a look for himself, just to see.

Floyd shakes his head. "I don't know. We needed answers to that kind of question, we'd send it to the lab." A thought occurs to him, and he fishes a radio out of the truck. "Tove, did you ever do Combat Search and Rescue?"

"Fraid not, Floyd," the Captain responds. "What do you need?"

Floyd starts to speak, then lowers the radio. "This isn't very secure," he says. "And we were detecting the numbers station... oh, man. Funkspiel. What if it can hear us?"

There is a pause from Tove as he waits. "Well, figure out what you need and I'll deliver as best I can."

"Maybe that's how he found us in the first place," comments Jason, quietly enough not to be picked up by the radio. "Or maybe it was just chance. Either way... I can't see any way to follow him through the woods. Anything against trying to keep tracking it?"

Colin looks at the radio. "That's got to be a neat trick if it, er he, can read radio waves out of the air."

"So we're not encrypted?" asks Marcus. He's looking around trying to get an idea of the general direction the 'thing' was heading. "In any case, I think we should head on to the station unless we're up to tracking that thing."

Floyd keys the mike again. "Yeah, I think you have the right idea, Captain. We're just gonna have a moment of silence here."

The numbers station isn't far - it's not actually in any of the settled areas that Floyd can find on his map. After some intensive searching, he thinks he can spot some trails that might lead up into the general area.

"So you want to walk or fly?" asks Marcus casually. The dragon following him suddenly grows to its full height, looming over its controller like a titan.

Colin looks up, "Don't you think that walking might be slightly less conspicuoius?"

Floyd snorts. "Some of the old-timers, when I was in the Army, they told me about things in 'Nam that were like this. You fly until you can walk. But make your pet a little smaller so we don't spook the ... whatever we're looking for."

Marcus grins and the dragon shrinks down to a slightly more managable size. "Foot it is. I just hope this one is not hostile."

The Bronco takes the group most of the way. They find a half-hidden trail leading off from the road near their destination. Parking the Bronco, the group get flashlights to light the way.

Floyd takes a last look at his map, and keys the radio again. "Tove." He reads two strings of numbers: a latitude and a longitude. Then, "Squawk every ten mikes. We miss, dust off and reinforce. Confirm?"

"Wilco, Cooper. My bad for earlier," comes the reply.

Floyd makes a brief reply. "Per Aspera Ad Astra." He puts the radio away. "Let's go."

The trail is a narrow hiking trail, well-worn, that leads up a forested hill. At the top they find a ramshackle wooden cabin with a brick chimney, and a tall radio tower about thirty feet away. The tower isn't much different from what amateur hams use for their broadcasts. Light is streaming from the windows of the cabin.

Floyd and Marcus, keyed up as they are and sensitive to the prints from earlier, are the first to spot similar ones in the soil around the door of the house.

Floyd taps Marcus, points to the dragon, and then points up into the sky, swinging his arm around in a broad circle. Then he makes sure everyone else sees his next gesture: finger to lips. Keep it down.

Marcus nods and steps towards the dragon. He offers a quick nod and the dragon pushes itself into the sky, growing to full size while it's airbourne. The papermaster gestures to himself, points up and raises an eyebrow in question.

Jason and Colin, on the other hand, are convinced that there's someone standing just on the other side of the door to the cabin.

Floyd silently grinds his teeth, then nods. And, stepping closer to Marcus, whispers, "No unnecessary risk. One sweep, and back."

Colin circles around to the door, his feet not even touching the ground, as stands next to the door of the cabin, and points at it, trying to let the others know what he feels, silently.

Jason, on the other hand, keeps to ground level, but leans close to Floyd and Marcus. "He's here," he whispers softly, pointing in the direction Colin is headed.

Marcus nods and is drawn up _inside_ the shell of the dragon, leaving just enough of a gap to keep an eye on the ground below as the giant form rushes off on its single sweep.

Half a minute passes. Marcus, from his vantage point, sees nothing but the travelers. The others approach the cabin, each armed with their respective tools of apprehension.

The interior of the cabin, as glimpsed through moments of inspection, reveal a living area in disarray. In one corner, Floyd can make out a fully equipped ham set, still on and transmitting something on its own by the look of it. There's a kitchenette, sleeping area, and closets. The rest of the place is crammed with books and several awards, placards, and newspaper clippings are hung on the wall.

Floyd whispers to Jason. "Where is he?"

"He _was_ just behind the door," Jason replies. "Maybe he's invisible."

Colin walks back over to the duo, "I think he's right by the door. I'm pretty certain, anyway. Our cover might be blown." Colin is still lowering his voice.

"Maybe he can sense us too," notes Jason.

Colin ahs, "This is, indeed, quite likely."

Floyd sees Marcus returning, and shrugs. He waves Colin and Jason to about twenty feet away, then stands to one side of the door and knocks on it. Mentally he adopts his 'Officer Friendly' role. "My name is Floyd. Anybody home?"

Floyd knocks again. "Sir, we have reason to believe that somebody at this property is sick or injured. If you're in there, please open up. Otherwise, we have to come in."

Colin starts to walks up invisible stairs next to the door, so that before someone actually opens it, Colin is above the door, looking down.

Floyd scrubs his forehead with his free hand. _No warrant. Shit. Well._ He pulls on gloves and tries the doorknob, though he's pretty sure any given piece of this 'radio shack' would give way to a strong breeze, never mind a swift kick.

The door opens as Floyd twists. There's no resistance, no sound of movement, no indication that anyone is behind it. But from Marcus' perspective, things are happening. All around the cabin, the ground is beginning to show signs of burrowing from beneath. Something or other is surfacing.

The pockets are individually small, but Marcus counts about two dozen distinct spots in the vicinity of the cabin where dirt is being pushed up.

"Something's coming," says Jason, taking to the air. "I don't know where, but I feel it!"

Colin looks around from his higher vantage point.. He points at the spots on the ground. "Umm.. guys..." And then he runs over to where the closest one is coming up.

There's a sudden odor of sulfur in the night air. Spidery, spiny creatures are digging their way up from the ground. They seem to be composed of coal and loosely aggregated stone and dirt, held together by little more than the same uncanny force which the group itself wields.

Floyd takes Jason's warning as a sign that something behind him is more interesting than an uninhabited shack. He looks around and gapes; it looks like gopher holes but his soldier's instincts says minefield. He runs away from the shack, trying to get outside of the area.

The sulfur spiders begin scuttling with obvious menace toward the remaining ground-bound explorers.

Colin lowers himself closer to the ground, and inserts himself between one of the spiders and his other two friends.

A terrible, whistling shriek comes from the great paper dragon as Marcus sends it diving down at the enemies, it's tail and claws ready to test their strength against this new enemy.

Floyd is a bit spooked, but he's also well-armed. He leaves the grappler slung and draws his Beretta.

Colin's sword sings through the air, neatly bisecting one of the spiders. He looks around, and rushes to the next one.

The air gathers itself into a ball and smashes into another spider, which staggers, but keeps coming. Jason curses, and winds up another attack.

The attacks of the dragon are effective, but rather excessive. Two of the spiders are reduced to fine power in moments. The hulking form settles on the battle field, where it will hope to draw attacks from vulnerable allies.

Several of the spiders fall. The rest come. It becomes starkly evident to the defenders on the ground that they had better find a way to control where approximately 20 earthen creatures with sharp spikey legs are going to travel.

Scrapper, who has been quiet and taciturn and frankly rather mopey (with no doubts as to what he's being mopey about), straightens up as the spiders appear. "Comrades, we will be overrun," he announces calmly. Then a strange thing happens. Iron curls around his skin, his arms and legs, his head, and his body, from literally out of nowhere. It seems to slide from intangibility into a suit of knight's plate armor, just as the Gold Bug's body seemed to dissolve away to human form. Thus armored, the junkman takes a solid (and iron-backed) punch at a nearby spider, crushing it into pulverized powder.

The spiders begin combining, flowing over Colin and Floyd, squeezing them and entangling them in coal. Jason is a harder target, and they can make very little purchase on the dragon.

Colin pushes himself a bit higher off of the ground, running across field to dislodge the spider. As the bituminous arachnid looses it's grip on the martial artist, colin swings his sword in an overhand arc, neatly cleaving the spider in two, the two hunks of inert coal now laying on the ground.

"In here!" calls out Marcus, from inside the dragon. Though there's no apparent entrance with his shield extended, the paper master stands ready to lower the gap for just long enough to get his friends inside and get the heck out.

"Come on, Floyd!" Jason says, swooping down and taking the government agent by the hand. Floyd feels thin air grasp his other hand as the two lift off into the air, heading for the safety of Marcus' dragon.

Colin, for his part, maintains his perch on the air, and runs into the saftey of the dragon.

As soon as Floyd is free of the clinging mass of walking fuel, he grabs the radio from his pocket. He can only think of one thing to say: "Tove! Get Aura over here!"

"Wilco, Coop. Side note: that numbers station? Pattern broke about a minute ago. Did you guys find out who was there?" calls Tove.

"Get us to the roof!" Floyd calls to Jason, trying for the moment to ignore that he's airborne without benefit of an aircraft. He replies to Tove, "Yeah, just come and see!"

It takes a few minutes for the helicopter to lift off. Aura's voice comes over the radio, and Marcus must concentrate to hold his paper dragon together against the buffeting of the nearby rotors. "I see things below, but.. they are more like Marcus's dragon than a link," she announces. "I don't think our goal is here."

"I can sever their connections to the source," she adds helpfully.

"Then we'er gonna need to find some way to crack the code and find where our target is," Jason says. "If we can fight off the spiders, maybe there'll be some clues inside."

"Like a burglar alarm or guard dogs," suggests Marcus. "While the link is away... Can we track the source, Aura?"

"Not really. Not any better than before," she replies, sounding apologetic.

"Then please shut down his pets and land," Floyd says. "We need to have a look at the radio." He pockets his own transmitter again. "_Funkspiel._ Dammit. I was right."