Colin scratches his head. Their wounds have been administered too in various ways. Both passengers of the unfortunate jet lay on the floor of the cargo hold, unconscious. "I say we find the nearest public hospital, and drop them off as quickly and quietly as possible..."

Jason rubs his chin, and looks downward. "There's still the matter of a missing Cessna. We can park the saucer on top of its wreckage, but these two can't possibly have been drunk enough to forget that they had an airplane. Questions will be asked."

Floyd sighs, and shakes his head. "If the FAA gets word of this he'll never fly again. Apart from that, drunk as he is, nobody's going to believe any story about flying saucers. It should be pretty easy to convince him to shut up."

"I think maybe you should work behind the scenes to make something happen to keep these drunks out of the air," suggest Marcus. Next time they might risk killing more than just themselves."

"Well.." Toby seems at a loss, and scratches his chin. "His insurance will pay for this, yes?" he asks finally. "I have not insured this junkyard for motion, you know, but they were the ones who hit us, comrades."

Floyd says, "He's not going to sue you, Scrapper. But we should land and unload them. I'd feel better about doing it again after we work out some details - the radar, the radios, convincing the FAA to look the other way..."

Colin looks over at Toby. "I think rather the money to pay for this is the least of our concerns..." He looks down, then looks up at Floyd. "I'd like as little police involvement as possible..." He ponders, bending down to check on the overserved gentleman, just for looks.

The lights flicker for a moment. "Ah, the stators," mutters Toby, sounding worried. "I will unlock the controls and we will see to steer ourselves at a hospital, okay?"

"My folks had to get insurance to pay for some water damage in the house once," notes Jason. "If anything, they'll be even nosier than the FAA. Of course, I guess airplane insurance would rely on the government reports..." He chews his lip, looking at Floyd. "I guess... I guess that's the sort of thing you can solve."

Jason looks at the passengers. "Still, Toby's right. They hit us, and they were flying drunk - they're responsible. Heh. I wish one of us had figured out how to use our Link to make us invisible."

"I'm thinking flying there is not the best move," says Marcus. "Can we land and have one of our official friends do some sort of delivery? It's not like this thing isn't going to be noticed."

"Toby," Floyd says evenly. "I can't stop you if you want to keep this heap in the air. And it's the most amazing flying machine since the Wright Brothers. But taking it to the hospital is a little... too much. Please land, okay? So we can think this over."

"I can actually get to the chopper, if one of you flying gents wants to drop me off," volunteers Tove. "We have plenty of room to land it anywhere you like."

Colin nods, "That might be for the best, at least...." He nods to Tove, and smiles, "Ready to hang on?" As he walks with Tove to one of the exit ports.

Jason carefully lifts the passengers with the air around them, careful not to move them any further. "Yeah, let's go. Colin, give me a hand?"

Colin blinks, "Oh... I thought the chopper would come back up here for them, then deliver them silently into the night...."

"Well, that just leaves our landing to manage, then," says Marcus. "That hopefully will be a little less eventful than the flight."

The UFO controls are unlocked, and Toby's directions and his copilots' cooperation bring the craft into a carefully-controlled descent. Colin drops off the captain at the nearby airfield where the team's transport helicopter is stored. Since Tove has 24-hour authorization, he's able to lift off within 90 seconds. Colin receives the ride this time, and gets to watch from the copilot's seat as the bird deftly approaches the upper deck of the black iron monstrosity.

The two evacuees have been brought up the wheelchair ramp on their stretchers and are loaded inside without much effort. The chopper has plenty of room, and still more for anyone who cares to come along to the hospital for some vitally necessary explanations.

After the passengers are safely on board, Colin moves a short distance from the helecopter, and watches....

The chopper lifts off and speeds toward its destination. Captain Tove knows his business after all.

---

In principal, Floyd tells the pilot the truth... that the pilot collided with a federal aircraft, that as a federal agent he should report his drunkenness, that everyone involved is lucky to be alive. It's perhaps a little cruel to drop all this on the poor sap while he's still in the ER, but Floyd's patience is short. "You're damn lucky you didn't kill your lady friend, never mind me. The deal is this," he finally says. "I'm willing to report that you got hurt in an emergency landing at an unmarked airfield. You can forget about your plane, it's already in an FAA warehouse." _Or under it,_ Floyd adds mentally. "Take it or leave it."

The pilot's reaction is a confused slur. Words come, but Floyd becomes aware that the mind behind them isn't really going to process this for another day or so. The hospital staff, however, don't really care where people come from - they just want to heal them.

Floyd leaves his business card with the duty nurse, who has been waitin for an explanation. "Hey, you're FBI, fine," she says impatiently. "But what the hell happened?"

Floyd shrugs. "You ever have a car crash with a cop? It's like that, except that I'm the cop, and the car is a top-secret experimental aircraft." He pauses. "Look, would you want to go to court over it? No? Then let us work it out ourselves."

---

The chopper flies back to the UFO. By this time Toby has managed to open one of the big dorsal doors, and Captain Tove lands his helicopter right in the belly of the beast.

Along the way, he did a few experiments. "Fascinating. This thing doesn't really show up on radar that well," he announces to the others when the experimental aeronauts are reunited.

Floyd looks shocked. "Hey, really? That explains a lot."

Colin mutters, "Probably nother reason to ground it until we can figure something out..."

"A big hunk of metal doesn't show up on radar?" asks Jason. "I wonder why not?" He glances to the basement, where the Pontiac resides. "Of course, I don't properly understand why it flies at all."

"A lot of UFO's don't," Floyd hazards. "I wonder... if this isn't the first time."

"Comrades, let's set down then," suggests Toby, who makes for the controls.

Colin wanders over to his control station to help Toby land.

Floyd gathers the NASA instrument packages. "Invisible to radar," he mutters. "Well, well... that's makes this easier..."

After a tense few minutes, Toby and his friends have wrestled their craft down to the niche from which they left. And as the field shuts off, the junkman emerges with a triumphant smirk and makes straight for Floyd. "Your FAA should be pleased," he announces. "My successful design has a curved bottom, you know. We landed above that plane's wreckage, and didn't even squash it."

"Well, good," says Jason. "The insurance company should be able to get a good deal on the salvage then." He winks at Toby.

"If it's not invisible to eye, however, we still must be cautious," says Marcus. "But, well, if we get past taking out nutjobs, we have the ultimate stealth bomber."

Floyd frowns. "I don't want it used that way," he says. "There's only one of these engines in the world. Why waste it on a weapon?"

Floyd finds Aura. "So... about this other 'visitor'..."

Aura nods, and smiles. Reaching up, she brushes Floyd's face with her golden hand. "It's gone," she says after a moment. "But I still have a grip on the filaments."

"Did it come here with you," he asks, "or with someone else? We've got lots of legends, especially one in 1947."

Jason blinks, and scratches his head. "Wait... what's this about another visitor?"

"Aura thinks that someone 'linked' me," Floyd explains. "But not in a good way. I had a hallucination over breakfast."

Colin looks over at Aura, "You said you have a hold of the filaments?"

The golden woman nods.

Colin looks at her nod, "Does that mean you can.. do something with them? Or figure out where it came from?"

Aura nods again. "I think... we can use the compass, somehow," she says, sounding doubtful. "I think I will need to talk to Floyd's scientist friends."

Floyd chuckles nervously. "The problem, thus far, has been keeping my 'scientist friends' away. They mean well, but if we're not careful, half of NASA will be living in your back yard."

Colin nods, "With the filaments, can you tell the nature of the link?"

"It's not to an element. It's more sophisticated," muses Aura. "Think of it like a link to manipulate the element of Floyd."

Floyd chews his lip. "Uh... okay, that scares me."

"Well, what are we waiting for?" says Jason. "As soon as the eggheads wake up, let's get 'em in here and get to finding this thing." He looks at Aura. "I remember you were originally supposed to be part of an alien invasion. Anyone else who has that much control over Link filaments almost _has_ to be part of the same invasion force."

"I agree," says Aura quietly. She looks crestfallen and pensive, and turns her face away.

"Hey," Floyd says gently. "When we gave you asylum, that wasn't a joke. We know you mean no harm, and it's not our way to hold people responsible for their family's mistakes."

Aura smiles. "Well then... let's figure this out, shall we?"

---

Even if the US government has no formal program of extraterrestrial studies, there are plenty of people in the government that would happily join one. Floyd and Martinez know most of them. From the extensive files on the subject, they've selected the thirteen best, with Doctor Maurer at its head. Their initial briefing is at the Department of Energy's Brookhaven Laboratory on Long Island. Floyd takes to calling the group 'LI-13', which amuses Martinez.

The majority of the research happens at Brookhaven, with frequent field trips to Toby's underground lair. At Floyd's insistence, the scientists balance their curiosity against Toby's privacy, and by extension, the other members of the impromptu team of link-hunters. The circumstances of the invasion are made quite clear, along with LI-13's first goal: find the other Visitor.

Technical teams take samples from the wreckage, make measurements and readings from the singularity engine, and conduct interviews with Aura. Floyd loses his grapple beam for a few days, so that Maurer can investigate the mental side effects. The link compass is a particular focus of study, and under Aura's tutelage, the device is adjusted to seek out the other controller.

Floyd spends the time digging through old Legacy Office archives, particularly about the Roswell Incident in 1947. Martinez only shakes his head. "Kid," he says, "you're digging up a buncha crap, based on something you saw while doped up. As a chain of evidence goes that's pretty weak."

Professor Williams' role in LI-13 is to determine what she can about Aura's people. Her time is spent with the alien, asking a very long list of questions. Her initial battery consists of an hour of yes/no questions, following by descriptive questions about art samples, and finally increasingly advanced tests to determine Aura's physical capabilities.

The professor's review, along with transcripts of early conversations with Aura and things the alien woman now reiterates, point to something which becomes obvious once Captain Tove's wife Shala is brought in as well: Aura resembles her beyond any possibility of coincidence. The functioning of her golden mineral body is still quite beyond the scientists' ability to understand. And yet somehow she is what she is because of her initial exposure to Toby Lazarus.

Toby, whose sister married the captain, has no clear answers and seems rather reluctant to discuss the issue.

In the absence of Toby's words, evidence will have to do. This isn't an inquiry for amusement or to sate curiousity, after all. Professor Williams turns to Floyd for this, and requests simply, "Give me everything the bureau and everyone else has on Mr. Lazuriewicz. He's uncomfortable talking about the shape Aura has taken and I want to know why. I may be requesting both of them to see a psychologist, as well as his sister. I think this similarity may be a critical point. If there are others like her, it may be the most important information we can gain."

"I'll get you what you ask," Floyd replies. "But whatever else you find, this confirms a belief I have. Aura is the way she is, because she met Toby. She was originally an invasion weapon. Her willingness to help us, is a reflection of Toby Lazarus' idealism. So... we're lucky that she met him. He's eccentric, but he's a good man. There are millions of ways it could have been a lot worse."

Professor Williams has been assigned an office of her own, soundproofed of course. Captain Ellis Tove calls on her shortly after her inquiry to Floyd. He eyes the floor as he enters, closing the door behind him and sitting down with hands knitted together. "We gotta talk about Toby," he says evenly.

"Yes," agrees Professor Williams, "We do. Please, sit. I'm not sure what is happening, but as you can tell from the nature of my inquiries, I am concerned about him."

"Well, really.." Tove rubs his palms together, and looks up, meeting the doctor's eyes. "We need to talk about Shala. When I was active in the service, I was posted near Toby's family. We became friends at that time, and I found myself attracted to him at that time. There was a misunderstanding about that, which we worked through, so we stayed friends. He's not like that. But, he had a problem, and I had a problem, and we decided to solve them both at the same time."

"He wanted to get to America. His sister was.. well, Shala was someone that wasn't likely to be be married soon. She's attractive as you've seen, but.. well, Toby's had to spend a lot of his time caring for her. And she'd give me cover. I mean I liked her, and I felt guilty about this, you know, the whole idea of marrying just for something like that. Not for love. But, we talked it out, and she understood."

Tove looks away, still rubbing his palms against each other. "Toby, frankly, found his sister more interesting than I did. Out of sight, out of mind, you know? So, I helped him out. We got his paperwork done, we got him over here. Everyone's happy. I mean it, we're really happy. So, if you want to know about Aura, I think.. I think he imagined a solution to his problems and he happened onto something that made that imagination a reality."

"The thing is.. the interesting thing is that Aura isn't Shala. She's not. I mean she looks like her, and they're both sweethearts, but.. deep down, they're such different people. So don't judge him too harshly, okay?"

"This makes a lot of sense," says Professor Williams. She doesn't judge, she doesn't pity, she just understands. "And of course none of this will be officially reported, except one part: when these visitors arrive, they are shaped to an enormous degree by those who find them." She rises from her desk and sighs deeply, "I am sorry for dragging this out of you, Captain. It was necessary. As I said, the rest of what you have shared with me today ends here like a whisper in a vaccuum."

"There will be no need for me to dig farther," adds the professor. "My fears have been confirmed, and my research can focus on the next step. I must figure out where these visitors come from and why they are sent here to grant enormous powers to normal people." She smiles just a little, "In a better world, we'd take a break from all this and go shopping, I suppose. Have a nice day, Captain."

Tove nods, and wordlessly rises to depart.

Floyd receives Professor Williams' report shortly after. It indicates that all Aura was shaped in a large part by the needs and wishes of Mr. Lazuriewicz. The exact degree of this shaping is still being studied. The requests for evaluations has been withdrawn based on superior evidence from an anonymous source.

---

There's a Subway on Middle Country Road, near Brookhaven. The team has congregated there for a quiet lunch to discuss their options.

Outside, something draws their attention. A figure dressed all in black has jumped off the back of a passing truck and lands quite without injury. In a single smooth motion he has thrown out a hand, and a black tentacle of something or other grabs hold of a trash can. He chucks it through the glass window of the store. "Floyd O'Shea!" the figure yells in a hoarse voice. "Y'busy?"