After the last mission Marcus has decided it a wise time to ask an important question. With the team gathered up in there new-but-not-fully-operational battle station, he starts the conversation with his usual flair for the direct, "I think we need to operate with some general rules of engagement, Floyd. When we can go full-power and when to put on the kid gloves, is in essence what I think we should be clear on."

Colin looks up. "Plus remember, rules of engagement are for those who respecthem..."

Floyd opens a box containing the base's latest acquisition - a new coffee pot. "This could come right out of the MP's operating manual," he replies while unpacking. "First priority is civillians. If it's someone else's life, you don't need to hold back. Second priority is our lives; but since that's something we have control over, don't go boldly where angels fear to tread." He hooks a thumb at Colin. "He's half-right. If the suspect seems to be pulling their punches, then so do we; but for guys like the Gold Bug..."

The fed shrugs. "They don't know what they're doing. We do what it takes to stop them. That, and Aura's treatment, are the only medicine we have."

"Colin is spot-on," says Marcus. "The question also is, what is our readiness and thought process when it comes to using lethal force?"

Colin looks. "Well, I think that more or less goes without saying. I don't think we have any cold blooded kilelrs in our group. BUt what about exposure, and media attention. I'm about the most subtile one here, and I can walk on air...."

"How subtle do we have to be?" asks Jason. "More or less subtle than a man-sized statue made of gold scrambling around downtown and eating all the jewelers?"

"This will go public someday, and when it does, I think we're done," Floyd states flatly. "Even if we're squeaky clean and stay out of jail, there's too many powerful people that will use the whole incident as an excuse to pursue their own grudges." He shrugs again. "If it came to the difference between a congressional subpoena and, say, demolishing the Statue of Liberty, I'd call it a push."

"Anything less than that," he adds, "do what you have to as long as its out of sight of any camera crews."

"Do we have permission to damage cameras in subtle ways?" requests Marcus.

Floyd finishes with the coffee machine, and flips its switch. The machine starts to gurgle and hiss. "Cameras? Absolutely. Newsies? Just don't leave a mark."

"Works for me," says Marcus. "I can always pay to fix them on the backside or subsidize their paper for a while." He looks to Jason and Colin, "You guys okay with this whole super hero business? I'm in for the long haul, but at my age I don't have all that much to worry about. I've been in different levels of the spotlight for a few years now."

"I really hope this doesn't take THAT long," Floyd mutters. "Running coverups is hard work. Take it from me."

Colin shrugs, "I'm ready for it for now. I think that's all I can say at this point."

"Well, I figure... this needs doing, and we're the men on the spot," says Jason. "I'll do what I have to do."

"Your country thanks you," Floyd quips. "And I'm only half-kidding."

"In that case, let's get back to work," suggests Marcus.

---

The twin link compasses have been assigned a dedicated intern, whose job it is to take readings (piped via high-resolution video) from both compasses and narrow down the position of the next activation of a link. The young man's shaky voice is evident when Floyd listens to the voice mail box that's been set up for this purpose. But if the youth's skills are better than his confidence indicates, a link has become active in Ripley, West Virginia or immediately nearby.

Floyd finds Ripley in a road atlas while waiting for the USGS to fax something better. "This is nowheresville. With the last two sites being around New York, I was beginning to think it was all local." He looks over at Scrapper and Aura; the two are never far from each other. "So there's no coherent 'debris field'?

Aura hangs her head; she looks almost embarrassed. "I'm sorry for the trouble you all have to go through to recover the links, Floyd. But yes, I think that the links will have.... umm, wrapped themselves around the planet during the vessel's entry into the atmosphere."

"Actually, Aura, this seems to be to our benefit. It's less likely to draw national media attention," says Marcus. "It has to be easier to cover-up something there, right?"

Scrapper grins. "You will inspire gossip for a thousand years, probably, if this place is anything like the villages I heard about. But, they are yokels. Who will believe them?"

Colin peers over, "So is there any buzz as to what this might be?"

"Let's not encourage anyone to go looking," Floyd says. "And this isn't trouble, Aura. We're all happier with you as our friend. Anyway. I'm sure Captain Tove will enjoy getting some flight time." He pulls a mobile phone out of his pocket. "I'm going to call for an air taxi. Some days I love my job."

THe Scenery rolls under the VTOL as the unlikely heroes are whisked away to the site of the latest link. Several times one of the crew will check to see if anything has run over the wire, any intercepted 911 calls, but the town is surprisingly silent. At least, until the dual-rotor vehicle touches down in a church parking lot on what could charitably be called the outskirts of town.

The party has been anticipated; the Jackson Country sheriffs have sent two cars, and the men from those cars are casually leaning back against their hoods, holding their hats down with their hands as the chopper lands.

For a full minute before landing, Floyd has been engaged in something that might be called prayer. The prayer is very simple. "Please, God, don't let it be a Buford T. And if it is, give me the serenity to let him live." Floyd alights from the helo and does his best to look like the man in charge.

As Floyd steps out, one of them spits out a mouthful of chewing gum and approaches, mindful of the noisy, gusty rotors still spinning down. "Yew O'Shea?" he calls.

Colin starts to step out of the chopper, but, beign the only one who carries an obvious and large weapon, he decides it might be best if he waited until he wern't shot for it.

Floyd holds up his badge as he approaches. "I'm Floyd O'Shea," he calls. "Sorry for the short notice." In his other hand he has a stack of papers, a briefing for the local offices. It's even true, in part: Floyd and the civvies are retrieving space junk for the government, but since there's a chance it might be the property of a foreign power, the Air Force is along too.

The sheriff nods. "Y'awl look lahk a motley assortment t'me," he drawls. "So have yer fun here, 'n be sure to gimme a yell if y'awl need somethin. Ripley's beautiful this time o' the year, s' enjoy yerselves too."

Floyd nods. "Civvies. Scientists, I mean. They're like that. But we'll do our job and get out of your way. Now, where can we rent some jeeps?"

"Jeeps? Don't think we can accommodate ya there. But I'll see if'n I can get some guys to send around the Bronco we got," the sheriff answers.

Marcus takes a breath and quietly prays for patience. His prayers are like most people's, except they end with 'and may I not use my gigantic dragon to tear any racist punks limb from limb.' He steps off the chopper and looks to Colin, nodding. "We need to keep our tempers in-check," he says abruptly, mainly hoping it will remind him to do so himself.

The sheriff sees Marcus climbing out and gets a wide grin on his face. "Well I declare. Y'awl did come from a ways, didn't ya. Well I'll see about bustin out the Bronc for ya." He turns, waving to his compatriots back at their cars. "Lawrence! Get Ed on the horn! Tell him to head up the road and get the keys to the Bronco! And hurry it up!"

Colin shrugs, and steps our of the copter with Marcus, carrying the No-Dachi at his side, walking in Floyd's direction.

"That would be great, thanks," Floyd says, genuinely puzzled by the man's enthusiasm. _Oh, well. Guess I've got to learn, they're not all that bad._

Floyd intercepts Colin before he gets too far from the helicopter. "Here, that thing is kinda conspicuous," he says, referring to the sword. "Get a plastic map case, or something. "We're in luck. The natives are friendly and oblivious. That means the shit hasn't hit the fan yet. Let's keep it that way for now."

"I guess when you come down to it, folks are just folks," says Jason.

It's a few minutes before the vehicle is delivered. The Bronco is a 1990 Ford vehicle, its red paint job covered with dust but not rust, with a cap on the back. It won't be comfortable for everyone, but it's a start.

Colin turns to start protesting.... Then ducks back into the Hawk. There's a decided lack of 5 foot map cases, he finds some canvas tarp to wrap around the sword, as he runs ot catch up with the rest of the crew.

"Alright," Floyd says. "Let's split up. Half the team, with Marcus, takes the bronco and checks the outskirts. The rest with me, we check the town proper. Everyone gets cameras and notepads and is encouraged to use them; any questions on lab procedure go to Jason." Floyd produces a military-green field radio and gives it to Marcus. "Aura and Tove will be listening. They're the cavalry, if it comes to that."

"If we are in need of cavalry you know what I'm busting out," says Marcus. "So, who is going with me and who is going to hit the town?"

"I'm with you." Colin says, from the back of the Bronco.

"So I guess I'll stick with Floyd," says Jason.

Toby thinks it over. "I will go with Mr. Floyd," he announces at last. "Dear Aura will be in the safest of hands, I know. And remember, my friends - call signs!" He seems inordinately pleased about this.

Floyd says, "Sounds good to me. Maybe Jason can explain some of that crazy stuff Maurer was talking about," Floyd says, pointing to the Pelican case containing the exotic weapon.

---

Marcus and Colin sit in the front of the Bronco. The music on the radio is a mixture of Christian gospel, country music, and some sort of weird repeating pattern that sounds like Morse code but isn't. Every so often the CB in the cab will squawk. It seems that plenty of people in the hills around Mill Creek are talking, and a few are talking about them.

Colin points at the Radio. "You ever heard one of those crazy stations where some guy reads a list of numbers every once in a while?"

"Yeah," says Marcus. "In Vietnam they were used a lot. Numbers stations," he says. It clicks then, "That just can't be a coincidence, can it?"

Colin ponders this for a second, "Well, supposing the transmitter is in this town, maybe we should tip off Jason and Floyd too it? Make it their first stop, as it were?"

"That sounds good to me," says Marcus. He'll send the call out, "Hey Cooper, it's Saint George. I'm with a pretty damn sharp young man here. He found a numbers station and we'd like you to scope it out."

"Vader here," calls Jason over the radio. "What's the frequency?" He pulls out a pad of paper. "Not that I have much of a chance, but who knows. Maybe I'll get lucky."

Floyd pulls a map from his pocket. "When you're done, I have to call Tove. We've got three different locations, we should be able to triangulate with a little work."

Floyd talks the team through a few radio exercises. The truck samples signal strength from a few stops along the backroad; Floyd does the same from several points around a heavy brick building in town. Of course, the radio gear on the FBI helicopter is better than both; all that remains is to do the math.

While Floyd works on the math of trigonometry, Jason immerses himself in number theory and cryptanalysis. It's not quite the same as the math he uses in chemistry class, but a numbers station is, in many ways, as much about pattern recognition as arithmetic. And he's got a decent knack for pattern recognition.

There are two riddles: the position of the apparent numbers station, and the string of digits themselves. While Jason isn't able to penetrate the latter mystery, the former suggests that the transmission is relatively short-ranged and probably somewhere to the southwest.

Floyd crosses his arms, drums his fingers on his bicep. "Okay. First, I call Martinez and see if this numbers station is known to us. Second, we start looking in the southwest. If we can't find it, we can ask the local hams for help, or..." He points down the street to a building with a large antenna on top and an illuminated sign, WCEF. "We ask them."

West of Ripley is I77, leading south past Parchment Valley and past a delicate spiderweb of back roads and tangled trails.

It's dark by the time the Bronco has navigated far enough from Ripley to make another triangulation attempt meaningful. Marcus and Colin are parked at the side of the road, tuning the dial.

Colin feels a tingly sensation, like a limb that fell asleep. There's something happening in his mind - a brief awareness of _something_. And abruptly a loud **BUMP** from the roof sends the Bronco rocking. There's a motion off to the right, in the foliage away from the road, as though something had just moved through it.

Colin looks around, to see if there's any locals to spook, and starts his invisible-staircase roubine, climbing up to see if he can get a better look for.. it.

"It's time to defend ourselves, I think," says Marcus. He pops open his case and works on bringing out the dragon and a protective shield as well.

"Amen to that," Floyd replies, and pops the latches on Maurer's 'remote manipulator'. The device hums loudly as it powers up.