Game Log: Chapter 14 - Contracts


------------------------------------

A week later, the party gathered in Father Pesci's back room, where Tilara had convalesced comfortably, with Stormy to keep her comfortable. Yuri had been busy, training, bargaining, arguing, and studying with Andreth and Brother Oak. And Starguard had, of course, been pushing a broom.

Father Pesci welcomed everybody back. "Yuri; how healthy you look. And Andreth; you look quite smart. Do come in, do come in. Tilara is getting very restless."

Yuri says, "I can imagine. She's not the type to want to spend a long time in bed."

Yuri looks around for any fresh scorch-marks. "How's Firestorm's training coming along?"

Andreth is his usual reserved self as he walks into the backroom, but he does give Father Pesci a relatively genial nod.

Father Pesci sighs. "Well, he's mastered creating flame. He can call it at any time. I'm hoping he'll learn to aim soon. The garden's quite ... scorched."

Tilara says, "Better. He's starting to learn _some_ control, at least. There's quite a ways to go yet."

Father Pesci turns to nod at Andreth. "Greetings, Andreth. Brother Oak tells me you've been doing well. I'm glad to hear it; you could grow into a powerful bodyguard."

The sound of sweeping comes from the back porch, a familiar sound, to say the least. Starguard's voice comes from outside. "That you, Yuri? We're out back..."

Stormy looks worshipfully at Tilara. "And she's teaching me about all sorts of useful things. She's just the smartest lady ..."

Yuri grins. "I guess the trick, then, will be to keep it pointed in the right direction."

Andreth says, "Thank you, Father."

Yuri wanders out back and takes stock of any signs of combustion.

The garden looks ... well, badly burnt. There are buckets of water everywhere, and buckets of sand, too. In a corner, Brother Starguard is obviously trying to nurse some seedlings.

Tilara sighs at the boy's flattery. "Hardly that, Stormy. We'll get you sorted out eventually, though." She grins, pointing a thumb at Starguard. "He's back to normal, too. For a while it was a question as to whether he or the plants were smarter...."

Starguard snorts. "I wasn't nearly that bad. I has some wits left..." He seems a bit put out at looking that silly in front of you youngsters.

Father Pesci collars Andreth in the back room. "So tell me, Andreth; have you ever considered being a bodyguard? Now that Jane has her weapons back, you're without a contract ..."

Yuri sighs, and pats the bag of holding. "That moss is dangerous stuff. If I recall correctly, though, there's one really dangerous thing we didn't find."

Andreth blinks a little at Father Pesci. "Hadn't really thought bout it much. But yeah, it does sound sorta like my thing..."

Tilara says, "If Ferg's gang grabbed it, it's either down in the tunnels somewhere or with the other part of the group."

Father Pesci invites Andreth to sit. "Sit, boy, sit. I've got a possible contract for Brother Starguard but the young swot's getting on in age, and I wouldn't want him getting hurt. And he doesn't know enough to come in out of the rain, sometimes."

Stormy watches Tilara, wide eyed. _A dagger? Ferg had lots of daggers. I wonder why they want them._

Tilara says, "From what Jane told us, though, I can't imagine Ferg turning it over to anyone - unless he wasn't really in charge?"

Andreth takes the offered seat, and manages a little bit of a lopsided grin at that last remark. "What kinda contract?"

Yuri hmms.

Starguard works on the plant. "Maybe we just didn't go far enough down the hall, too."

"It's a simple contract, really. The border with Lurin is heating up again, and the army is offering contracts to healers who will go with the advance troops. And they pay for a bodyguard too. Figure that'll keep the healers alive a little longer." Father Pesci smiles. "And they remember the young swot, from his years of service."

Yuri says, "I don't know who Ferg might have been working for, either. Nobody else knew anything about a dagger... Stormy, did Ferg ever have a dagger with a green jewel in it? It's dangerous and we're trying to get it back."

Stormy shakes his head at Yuri. "I never saw a green dagger ... Nor any dagger with stones in 'em."

Andreth hrms. "So y'figure they'd take me as his bodyguard?" He rubs his chin. "Y'asked him about it yet?"

Tilara says, "Did Ferg meet with anyone that he took orders from?"

Father Pesci shakes his head at Andreth. "I've been waiting for the moss to wear off. Why don't you go get him?"

Andreth frowns a little, but nods. "Yeah, I guess so." He heads back out into the yard. "Hey, Starguard? Father Pesci wants you..."

Starguard hmms, straightening up. "Alright. I'm done with this one, anyway..."

Stormy bites his lip, looking at Tilara. "Not ... not exactly. Sometimes he'd disappear, and come back. And sometimes I'd hear voices in his room ..."

Starguard slips up to the door, leading on the frame. "Something the matter, Father?"

Father Pesci smiles. "Let Andreth explain; there's a contract for you if you're willing to help the army again."

Yuri says, "Well, if we want to find that dagger, we could try searching the tunnels again. It should be safer now that we have time."

Yuri says, "The only problem is... the other half of the gang might be there, and we haven't put them through rehab."

Tilara nods. "We found a whole set of tunnels under his room, Stormy. He was probably meeting with someone - maybe someone who passed on orders. We'll have to go look."

Yuri says, "Those tunnels could go on a long way. There are stories about bandits from around here who popped up out of nowhere. These might not be the only ones, and there were several collapsed branches."

Andreth nods to Starguard. "Father Pesci sez the army's lookin' for healers out at the Lurin border, 'n they're offerin' to pay for bodyguards too."

Yuri says, "Let's go see what our two holy men have to say. Are you coming with us, Stormy?"

Starguard says, "A contract? That sounds good, how soon, though? The others are talking about searching for a dagger that was missing. I mean, it'd be nice to have something lined up for the five of us after that..."

Stormy looks up at Tilara. "You found tunnels? And ... you want to go explore them? What if they contain rats?"

Tilara grins. "Then we'll deal with 'em. Rats aren't so bad."

Father Pesci shakes his head. "It's strictly a two-man contract, young swot. One healer, one bodyguard."

Stormy shudders dramatically. "I saw what the rats did to Kiel."

Tilara says, "Kiel couldn't defend himself. Ferg had him chained up."

Starguard winces. "Two man? Surely the army would..." he stops. "No, they're the army."

Andreth sits up and looks at Pesci sharply. "Y'mean it'd just be the two of us?"

Stormy sits down next to Tilara, and absentmindedly pets Mirra, who purrs happily. "I ... " He gulps, visibly. "I'll go with you, if you need me to."

Father Pesci nods. "The army's passing through tomorrow, picking up Ferg for his draft duties. You could sign up then."

Starguard looks at Andreth, frowning, trying to see if the young monk is as attached to the three outside as he is...

Tilara says, "We'll see, Stormy. It might be better if you stayed here for a bit while we check the place out... don't want you getting hurt before you really learn how to use your magic."

Stormy pets Mirra, carefully stroking her so that she purrs. Mirra looks into Tilara's eyes. _Petting hands nice_

Yuri steps back inside for a moment, to see what's going on.

Andreth sinks back into his chair. "I dunno, Father... I don't make friends too easy, and just in the past few weeks I've made a whole bunch of new ones. And for me to just pack up 'n leave, just like that..."

Father Pesci nods. "It's solid work, lads. Good solid work. The army always pays on time."

Yuri says, "Andreth? Starguard? Tilara and I have been talking to Stormy... we don't have any leads on the missing dagger, so we're thinking of going back to the farm and giving the tunnels another look. What do you think?"

Starguard nods. "I know, Father. It's a good job. But it's also a hard life. I just left the army a year ago..." Starguard breaks off. "Er, just a minute, Yuri. Pesci dug up another offer for us."

Andreth rubs his chin, apparently thinking in his slow deliberate way, occasionally glancing at Starguard.

Father Pesci excuses himself. There's someone in the front room, needing a healer.

Starguard shakes his head. "Two days, Andreth..." He shrugs. "I think we've got a good thing with the unit we're in."

Yuri frowns. "I don't think that we can promise a steady pay voucher, but I think you'll have a lot better time on your own than with the Army. Have you given any thought to my suggestion of forming an adventuring company?"

Andreth raises his head and addresses Starguard. "I was gonna say... I didn't want to go, but I'd follow you if you wanted me to." He gives a soft little grunt, almost a chuckle. "But if you don't wanna go either, well, that kinda settles it, right?"

Yuri says, "Besides, if the Army's coming in two days and taking Ferg with them, then you'd have to go with Ferg. I don't know about you, but I really want him as far from me as possible."

Tilara watches Starguard and Yuri leave, then waits for a few minutes before slowly getting up herself. "I'm just about back to normal, though. Let's see what the boys are up to, Stormy."

Gently, Stormy lifts up Mirra from his lap and deposits her on the floor. Then he follows Tilara into the backroom.

Andreth gives Yuri a rare smile. "Damn straight."

Tilara says, "So, what did Father Pesci want with you, Starguard?"

Starguard says, "He offered a contract for one healer and one bodyguard. With the army. I think we've found a better offer, right Andreth?"

Tilara snorts. "The Army may pay more regularly, but they don't pay very well."

Stormy looks confused. "I thought the army was formed from draftees like Ferg?"

Andreth shakes his head at Tilara. "I don't need much money. But I say there's more to life 'n just gettin' paid."

Yuri says, "Drafted criminals don't always have important talents like healing, Stormy."

Yuri says, "So... anybody object to going back to the farm and looking for the missing dagger?"

Starguard shakes his head. "You mentioned incorporation? A real company?"

Tilara says, "And for that matter, not everyone in the Army is drafted. There are volunteers as well." She nods to Yuri. "Sounds like a plan to me.... hmm? Incorporating? What've I missed while I was recovering?"

Yuri chuckles, and rummages around in his pack, pulling out a sheet of parchment with a lot of writing on it.

Yuri says, "I've been drafting an agreement, of sorts, to form an adventuring company. I figured... there's a lot of Fergs and their gangs in the world. We need a few crews of the other sort to counter them."

Yuri says, "We basically agree to take care of each other, and to put a share of anything we earn or find into building up the Company. Eventually setting up safehouses, hiring clerks to deal with the locals in each area, so that we always have somewhere to go and something to do."

Father Pesci pokes his head in the back room. "Ah, Yuri. Ash is looking for you. Mind if he comes in?"

Yuri says, "The Kingdoms are all divided and unruly, even within their own borders. They really need some people with their ears to the ground and an interest in keeping the roads open... uh, sure, Brother. I've got a copy for him too."

Starguard hmms. "Equal partners? How about bringing in new members. I can think of a budding sorcerer who might be good in a year...

Ash steps inside, diffidently.

Andreth nods to Yuri. "Look how easy Ferg got set up. And no one knew anythin' bout it till they ripped off a whole buncha Jane's stock."

Tilara says, "New partners could either be junior partners or buy in as full partners if they can put up equal shares. Make your voice in the Company equal to the shares you have?"

Yuri says, "I gather that's how trading companies work, yeah. In our case, I think unusual skills should count as part of the buy-in. Everyone here's more than your typical swing-sword... Hi, Ash, you want to read this? It applies to you too, if you like."

Tilara nods. "Makes sense."

Starguard chuckles. "Well, you wouldn't last a week without me. I'm in."

Yuri says, "We won't have to worry much about details or partners until we're more successful. We made 25 gold in a week at harrowing risk to life-and-limb. I think we can do a lot better soon."

Ash accepts the piece of paper, and starts reading it.

Tilara mutters something about it not being her _limbs_ she was risking...

Yuri grins at Starguard. "Well, that's two, including me. Anyone else?"

Tilara nods. "Why not? If you think a legal agreement is necessary, I'll go along. This seems to be a pretty good crowd to run with."

Andreth says, "You can count me in."

Yuri says, "I think the paper is more for the rest of the world, than for us, Tilara."

Tilara nods. "Busybodies, the lot of 'em. But if a piece of paper will keep them from breathing down our necks all the time, I'll sign it."

Starguard nods. "What are we going to call ourselves?"

Yuri frowns. "I hadn't gotten that far yet. Anybody have any ideas?"

Tilara says, "Well, we're supposed to be a positive counterpart to bandits and such. Why not just the White Company? Since we're the white hats..."

Starguard hmms. "That sounds alright. I was worried that Yuri has written into the contract that our official name would be Yuri and Associates or something." He grins.

Yuri says, "'The White Company' sounds good to me. Is everyone happy? Names are hard to change once we start to get a reputation."

Tilara makes a face at the cleric. "We're mercenaries, not accountants, Starguard."

Andreth bursts into laughter at Starguard and Tilara's comments.

Yuri signs his name at the bottom of a parchment, and a copy. "Sign here and it's done."

Starguard nods. "Seems good." Smiling, he signs. "To the White Company?"

Yuri says, "And then I think we should get to looking for that dagger. It's too dangerous to just leave it out there."

Tilara nods. Her signature is flamboyantly flourished, with a sunburst between her given name and surname. "Agreed."

Father Pesci smiles at Brother Starguard. "You were meant for better things in any case. Nip into the cellar and bring out the cognac; this calls for a celebration."

Yuri murmurs to Tilara, "And for now, let's consider Stormy a hireling. It's too early to see how he's going to turn out."

Yuri looks over at Ash. "How about it? If you don't want to commit now, maybe you can think it over? I think we'll always have a job for you if you want one."

Andreth clumsily scribbles his own signature with a hand clearly not at home with a pen, and returns his copy to Yuri.

Ash nods slowly. "I'll ... think it over."

Yuri gives one copy to Starguard and puts the other in his pack. "There. We're now The White Company. And for our first venture I propose we go after that dagger. Seconded?"

Starguard grins. "Aye."

---

Edited by Will McDuff. Comments, questions, errors? E-mail him at [wmcduff@mac.com](mailto:wmcduff@mac.com).