Whatever obscure or capricious bonds of peace exist between the Lady and the White Company, they do not interfere with the martial planning that each member of that young organization undertakes. Starguard and Firestorm content themselves with the brewing of potions, taking advantage of the ill-appearing, harshly-functional supplies the kobolds have. Others prepare themselves in their own ways; Ash and Andreth listen quietly for long periods of time as Tilara or Zinzer explain to them, in simple language, some of the intricacies of magic and how it may be avoided or neutralized. Some of the basic charms for warding off possession or mystic influence might come in handy, and simply recognizing what might be coming could save a life.

Choosing to use the funnel of which the kobolds spoke, the party arranges themselves carefully near the mouth. Out of sight, but not out of mind. Only Stormy and the two girls are elsewhere. Stormy has been sent to invite Lady Achmadina; he will function as her guide if she will follow him to the girls, who are lying, trapped, in a pit. The younger one even has a broken leg, he claims. Careful as always, Lady Achmadina takes the time to scry for the two girls, with Stormy's help. This, too, was anticipated, because the two girls are at the bottom of the pit where Zinzer was once found.

After confirming that the girls do indeed seem to be in dire straits, Lady Achmadina grabs up a bag and follows Stormy. As they leave, shetraces a pattern over the doorway, leaving glowing runes behind. Then she hurries; she's caught Stormy's worry as he asks her to hurry.

But the plan goes slightly awry; where Stormy was hoping to excuse himself to talk to kobolds, Lady Achmadina becomes suspicious. Worried, he leads her further down the funnel, hoping the party will intercede before she recognizes the trap.

Tilara waits with the party as Stormy and Achmidina pass by. At Andreth's signal, she stands and fires her crossbow, but misses.

Another two streaking blurs fly through the tunnels as Ash kneels, the Elk Bow drawn back by his arcanely-augmented brawn twice in rapid succession. The surprised Lady is caught unawares, with only a heartbeat between Tilara's miss. One well-crafted shaft enters her shoulder, the other her lower torso.

Starguard's chants loudly as he calls down the blessing of the Stars on the group, to aid their aim, and raise their spirit.

Andreth wordlessly leaps from his hiding place and dash pell-mell down the corridor, falling into the running trance with practiced ease and drawing on the mystic forces lent him by his training to clear the distance between the tunnel mouth and Achmadina in scant seconds.

Tilara swears as her first bolt misses, then heads toward them as she loads and fires a second time. This one hits.

Amused, or maybe terrified, or both, by the mortal danger around them, Zinzer picks up a crossbow and looses a bolt at Achmadina. At least, he thought it was Achmadina. The bolt ends up striking the floor, dragging a row of sparks from the flinty rock.

Ash steps forward, gaining in confidence. It seems that not all displays of power are equal... Nevertheless, he's mindful of the irony, as his magic-enhanced arm draws on a bow of Changer construction, hurling two fateful, dweomered arrows at the Lady. The warrior strikes true, for the Elk Bow's arrows drive their hardened points through the witch's heart and abdomen. She gurgles faintly, then keels over, while Ash calmly continues advancing, another arrow nocked in the event of a ruse.

Tilara grins as the mage falls. "That was easy enough, with the proper incentive. Drug us, will you?"

Zinzer stares at the carnage. "She's... dead. Well... that was... unexpected."

Starguard raises an eyebrow. "That went well..."

Zinzer says, "Excuse me a moment." He trots off into the shadows, and does his best to conceal that he's retching quite heavily.

Watching Achmadina crumple beside him, Stormy looks confused for a moment, and then worried, before bending over. No, she really is dead. Something ... something fatal. And messy.

Starguard frowns. "One had to die, but many will live. The pigs should be happy now, and the kobolds."

Ash shakes his head, and puts away his bow. Drawing his blade slowly and methodically, he approaches the body. "Starguard! Come here, please. I want last rites spoken, so we can put this whole unfortunate business to rest." To Firestorm the fighter smiles, then. "Stormy, you'll want to go get the girls," he says.

Zinzer has absolutely no expression of any kind on his face right now. "As you say. I'll assist Mister Anstar."

Andreth's hair flies as if in a gale, as he rushes to catch up with Achmadina before she can do his friend Stormy any mischief - the gods know he's suffered enough already - but even as he reaches them, panting, the final two arrows whistle past his shoulder and strike the dark-skinned woman down before she can even reach for the sorcerer. Panting heavily, he looks down at her in shock as her life's blood stains the stone floor - though life in the Middens has inured him somewhat better to the sight. Turning to Stormy, he breathes, "A-are you all right?"

Stormy nods, and backs away. "Andreth, will you help me?

Andreth nods. "Of course, m'lad." Collecting himself, and with a last glance at Achmadina, he prepares for the grueling, but rather less uncertain, task of rescuing the Changer girls from their hiding place.

Zinzer says, "I shall go with you. My magic may prove useful for opening the pit."

Tilara says, "She went down awfully easily for someone who was giving the kobolds such trouble. Let's see what we've got here..." She murmurs the cantrip to detect magic as she searches the body.

Zinzer catches Starguard's arm as they walk past. "We should... bring her to her home."

Ash stays behind, sliding down to sit on the cave floor, supporting himself on his greatsword as he descends. He slides one knee up, propping an elbow on it and casually humming to himself as he stands - or sits - watch over the body.

The bag that Achmadina was holding fair reeks with magic; the bottles, the books, the random little items.

Zinzer looks anxiously at Andreth and Firestorm. He seems eager to be away from this scene.

Starguard nods to Zinzer. "Perhaps you're right."

Zinzer shrugs, noncommittaly. He seems different now. Something about the moment has drained any haughtiness from him utterly.

Within moments the party splits, some staying behind to tend the body, while others go to retrieve the girls from the pit.

Zinzer casts his flying magic on Andreth to aid in the recovery. He looks down into the pit, which was his home for several weeks, and seems deep in thought, muttering occasionally under his breath.

With Zinzer's levitation and Andreth's own enhanced strength, rescuing the girls is not as difficult an operation as it might have been. The stone is moved aside, and Ellinor and Jellin are soon out of the pit, with Andreth to follow.

Tilara retrieves the bag filled with magic, and peers inside. "Bottles, books, a few odds and ends."

She strips rings from the body, as well, and the belt. "And a spell book. All kinds of interesting things."

The party, with the addition of the trinkets gathered from their lately-defeated foe as well as that grim burden itself, begin the journey through the tunnels, following memory and Stormy's guidance. The argument in favor of returning here is strong - the Lady may have left behind useful clues or information, and despite her rapid fall, there may be unfinished business yet to conclude. It is with these thoughts in mind that the party arrives at a familiar entrance, a bitter taste in their mouths.

Zinzer says, "It may be trapped. On the other hand... I guess she wasn't nearly as cautious as I would have expected her to be."

Zinzer says, "Hmm... this is odd... some markings in Firstborn. It says..." And that's as far as he gets. The runes suddenly flare brightly and expand faster than the eye can follow in an amazing and deafening pyrotechnic display. Firestorm, perhaps being used to these things, ducks and rolls with the blast; Zinzer is not so fortunate. He takes the brunt of the blast dead center and is lifted off his feet and blown back along the corridor. He lies in a singed heap, his clothing and flesh burned, his hair blown back and charred from the blast in a manner that would almost be comical if he wasn't critically injured.

Tilara stands back as Zinzer investigates the door, and winces when the runes go off. She's moving forward even before the smoke clears, worried about Stormy.

The explosion brings Starguard running as the smoke seeps out of the room. "What happened?" he cried, turning to Stormy first, noting only minor injuries, an dcalling forth a weaker healing spell.

For several seconds that seem quite long, Zinzer lies on his back, staring at the ceiling. Finally his lips begin to move again... "Bloody bitch."

Tilara says, "That seems much more like her. Paranoid and nasty about it."

Starguard quickly turns to Zinzer, noting the much greater damage, and using a stronger spell for the smoking wizard.

Andreth coughs, waving the smoke away. "Well," he mutters. "Looks like we's up against a hard nut to crack here..."

Zinzer realizes he is still alive and wordlessly regains his feet. He rummages in his pack for his spare trousers.

Tilara nods to herself as Starguard heals Stormy and Zinzer, and turns back to the doorway. Once again she murmurs the cantrip that reacts to the presence of magical energies. "Let's see what other surprises she has here."

Zinzer resumes his examination of the door, more cautiously this time. Every so often he glances back at Achmadina's corpse, much more wary now.

The door remains obstinately shuts. A few chips in the wall hint at the door's outlines, but nothing opens for Zinzer.

Leaning forward, Zinzer spots a small set of runes, near floor level. These, two, look as though they've been written in the firstborn alphabet.

Zinzer sits cross-legged on the floor in front of the door, muttering to himself.

Starguard frowns. "Don't touch anything until I get back, alright? The pigs know more about this that we do." Quickly, he heads back to the truffle room, and big mama to explain what has happened.

Zinzer mutters, "I refuse to be outsmarted by a walking pot-roast."

Tilara chuckles. "That's cows, not pigs."

Andreth keeps his distance - feats of strength and will, rather than devious magical workings, are his domain, and he's content to leave the latter in the hands of those more capable than him. Common sense, however, is still within his realm, and he comments, "The pigs ain't too clever, Zinzer, but they _knows_ a lot more 'bout this lair than you do. Less you want more doors explodin' in yer face, ye'd do well to lissen to them."

Tilara nods and backs off. "I think you're right about that, Andreth. Let's see if Mama can tell us how to open this."

The big boar looks confused at first and then ... then she looks lost. As though her world suddenly broke. Everything's in the wrong place. Still, she follows Starguard back to the door docilely enough.

"Don't worry, now. You can work with the kobolds. You can dig and fight for them, and they can give you truffles in return," says Starguard in Firstborn to the pig as they return. "Still we'd appreciate the help getting in..."

The boar pauses at the door, looking and sniffing the smoke. Then she turns, and looks at the party, and turns back to the door. Finally, despondent, she sits down on her haunches.

Tilara says, "This doesn't look good. What's wrong, Starguard?"

Zinzer looks at the big boar, suddenly feeling sympathetic.

Starguard says, "Give me a moment. I need to understand her a bit more directly." Casting another spell, he feels his tongue and ears tingling, able to speak and understand the mama more directly. _What's wrong?_ he asks.

The boar looks sad. _She's dead. My daughters will not return. My sons will die._

Starguard looks a bit shocked. _Oh...oh no. Is there anything we can do?_ he asks, worried.

_I don't know. They are ... they are in school?_ The porcine expression is quite worried. _I don't know ... where the school is._

Andreth cannot understand the guttural grunts and squealings issuing from Starguard's mouth, but he has no trouble recognizing the man's expression. "What is it? What'sa matter?"

Zinzer doesn't need to understand Starguard to know what they are saying. "This may be the mother swine, but Achmadina was mother to the race. Without her, they have no means of reaching the school, or returning. No hands to read the books on magic and breeding. No mind to ask the Gods for wisdom."

Zinzer says, "And, thought it may seem backwards, nobody to choose the strong from the weak, for the good of all. We have killed an evil person. That does not mean we have done something good, White Ones."

Zinzer says, "Look at them. They don't even know how to open all the doors, and this place is their home. It's like throwing the keys to the larder in the river in winter."

Zinzer continues to sit, his face still expressionless, save for the singing and burning of a few minutes ago. _And so now I feel the pain of a pig. Which one of you gods seeks to laugh at this?_

Andreth's jaw sets. "Sounds to _me_ like you just said we've got a lotta work ahead o' us, Zinzer. We've hands, 'n minds. D'you really think figurin' out the way to this school is beyond us?" He nods to the pig. "An' as for not bein' able ta open the door... I think p'raps she just lacks the heart." He turns to Starguard. "Tell her we'll help any way we can. And that we c'n help better than she may think."

Tilara says, "Hmmm. You were watching when she sent that one piglet out. Can you remember how she did it?"

Zinzer stands and says evenly, "You're all mad." But there's nothing in his tone or demeanor to indicate that he is disapproving, merely making an observation.

Starguard frowns. "There are casualties of war, yes. But less, I think, than if we hadn't. It's a general's choice. And all is not lost yet indeed, Andreth." _We might be able to do something if we can get through the door. Or at least try. Can you help?_

The boar almost jumps to her feet, snuffling at Starguard's hand for reassurance, moving him backwards a few feet in the process. _Help? You help? We help!_ Dancing backwards, she taps at the tunnel's floor, and the door flows open as before.

Tilara says, "And here we are. We should be able to find her notes, if she hasn't booby-trapped them." She moves in slowly, trying to remember how to look for mechanical traps as well as magical ones...