The boar pauses in its trek, coming back repeatedly to nuzzle at Andreth's hands. It has, it would appear, found a friend. A friend with mushrooms. A friend who weighs perhaps a quarter as much as it does, and hence might easily ber persuaded to share ... The boar nuzzles, happily.

Zinzer stops periodically to examine the runs on the walls, which are in a variety of languages, only a few known to Zinzer.

Tilara looks curiously at Zinzer. "What do they say?"

Andreth eyes the boar uneasily as the party progresses, and feeds the boar a mushroom every so often. He does his best to space them out, enduring the occasional nibble as necessary, since it'll be far worse if he is unfortunate enough to run out of mushrooms before they get back.

Zinzer shrugs. "Some exaggerated stories, some bar gossip. It would be unremarkable were it not speaking of divine families."

The boar leads them down a number of tunnels, consistently turning left when the tunnels branch, except for the occasional time when he turns right. He seems torn between Andreth, and going back to his Mistress; so far Andreth is definitely winning.

Zinzer slows down and examines a part of the wall more carefully... "Hey... didn't we just pass this part?"

Tilara says, "Oh, lovely. We're going in circles, or the stories repeat?"

Starguard huhs. "I think repeat. There's definately a beginning and and end..."

The boar takes advantages of the slowed party to nudge Andreth again.

Zinzer says, "Don't feed it for a minute. It may be smarter than it looks."

Andreth hrms, and peers at the boar. "Is 'e not knowin' the way, or d'they just have the same story a buncha times on the walls?" He oofs, and nudges the boar back. "Leave off for a minnit, you."

Zinzer says, "The stories shouldn't repeat. Not unless there's some implications to ontology and cosmology that I'm not aware of. And I'm far too arrogant to believe that."

Andreth fends off the boar again. "Starguard, c'n you still talk to 'im? Tell 'im 'e'll get more mushrooms if'n he starts takin' us where we want ta go."

Zinzer says, "I think that big pig is leading us in circles, lad."

Zinzer glowers at the boar and thinks, _I refuse to be out-thought by food!_

Starguard turns to the boar. _Look you. What's with leading us around in circles?_

The boar looks innocently at Starguard. _Mushrooms? Lovely big juice ripe overgrown mushrooms? Mistress no have mushrooms._ There's a strong impression of the boar looking satisfied, as he nudges Andreth's now much lighter pack again.

Starguard rolls his eyes. "Hungry sucker's smarter than you'd think." _No more mushrooms then until we meet your mistress. Bad pig._

Ash says, "Well? What's the word?"

The boar snorts, pushing Starguard in the chest, before pivoting adroitly and trotting down the passage at a much faster pace. _We meat mistress, yes! Come meats._

Zinzer listens to Starguard. "Are you speaking... pig?"

Starguard says, "Right. Cut off his supply, Andreth. He got the idea now that tricking us is over. And I am, yes."

Starguard says, "_Remember. If we end up in a trap, you won't get any more mushrooms..._"

Andreth chuckles. "Well, look at 'im go. Let's follow 'im. Though I doubt 'e'll let _me_ get too far behind," he adds, grinning, as he strides in the huge boar's wake.

Zinzer picks up the pace. "The miracles of the Gods are subtle indeed."

Tilara says, "The Gods, from all we've seen so far, have a low sense of humor."

In a singsong snuffle, the pig exhorts the party to come meats the mistress, come meats the mistress, come share the mushrooms ... It pads ahead, pausing just long enough to let the party catch up before setting off again. Finally it stops at a wall, snuffling near the ground. A single click, and a section of wall swings out of the way, revealing a small living room beyond. A young woman sits on a throne; furs under her feet, and three piglets cavorting to the side. They spot the newcomers and squeal, diving into her lap, where she pets them contentedly with her dark skinned hands.

Dark skin the like you've never seen before, and hair as white as the driven snow ... her eyes narrow, pinning the party in the doorway, before moving on to look at the pig who suddenly has never seen Andreth before in his life, was completely surprised, never expected to, no, wasn't his fault, honest, ummmm.

Starguard says, "Andreth? I think you can give the mushrooms up now."

Andreth shrugs opaquely, and glances at the pig, before turning his gaze to the dark-skinned woman.

Ash steps forward and inclines his head politely. "We are the White Company," he says. "We're here about your pet."

The boar sidles in to the room, studiously ignoring Andreth and his bag of shrooms. After making a circle all the way around the wall, he squeaks once, slipping through a tiny opening that couldn't possibly be big enough, and disappearing from sight.

The woman, still stroking one of the piglets, looks at Ash and listens carefully, her head tilted slightly. Then she nods.

"We come on behalf of the Builders above, the small ones." Ash indicates height with one hand. "We were sent to them in turn by a large rock-wielding man who lives in a cave within the cliff above. We are travelers. To pass peacefully, we apparently must resolve whatever differences exist among you and your neighbors. The Builders are troubled by the presence of your pet in the tunnels."

Again the lady nods, the piglet purring under the touch of her fingers.

Ash holds out his empty hands. "We come as nothing more than travelers. If you are willing, please tell us how we may resolve this matter with you. If you are not, we will depart peaceably."

While Ash speaks with the lady, engaging her in a decidedly one-sided conversation where he talks and she nods, Zinzer looks around the room. It's larger than it seems at first, he realizes, the walls curving around seemingly at random, covered with large pieces of hide, carefully tanned and painted with a variety of simple scenes. Many of them feature creatures of the porcine persuasion, while others seem to represent large gatherings, balls and feasts where many of these darkskinned slender creatures meet. Each of the creatures, when he looks closer, has the same pale hair, the dark skin, the oddly pointed ears ... He finds himself wondering about the birth trauma that must have created these effects.

Zinzer murmurs to the Company, "These may be distant grandchildren of Ungfallen and Limera. A race of the Underworld and darkness, that breed strange pets, like these pigs."

Zinzer further murmurs, "Which means that either we are in the Underworld, or she is out of her element."

After a longer pause, the lady smiles. "Welcome, traveler. Will you partake of this evening's feast, and break the salt and the bread with me?"

Starguard nods. "We would be honored to break the salt and the bread with you, ma'am."

Zinzer murmurs to Starguard, "The appropriate answer here is 'yes'."

Starguard is one step ahead of Zinzer today, apparently, and seems relieved at the lady offering such a thing.

The lady nods, lapsing into a lilting version of the trade tongue, her words dancing over your skin. "Come, then, and be welcome. The feast will await us in but a scant hour. Will you not tell me of yourselves while the feast is prepared?"

Tilara looks relieved that the odd-looking woman speaks a comprehensible language. "I think we could do that, milady. Would you deign to tell us something of yourself, in turn?"

Ash explains, of course, the truth, in the meantime: the party is from the Flatlands, travelling on exploratory and map-making business with two children under their protection, on behalf of a library and monastery. The group's path led them here, and hence to the cave, the Builders, and more.

Zinzer makes notes, hearing some of this for the first time himself.

The Lady listens, her head always courteously tilted, after waving her hand at pillows and furs lying scattered around the room, suggesting that perhaps you'd like to make yourselves comfortable. Her expression remains utterly serene, never changing by so much as a minor twitch.

Zinzer makes himself comfortable, and watches the pigs.

Ash politely inquires, "Is there a name, title, or mode of address that you favor, that would be suitable for our use?"

Andreth lowers himself to a seated position on the bare floor, and looks sufficiently comfortable doing so. Material comforts are not high on his list of priorities, but even the most ascetic monk appreciates the chance to take the weight off his feet.

Finally, as the hour wends to a close, and Ash's voice slowly dries from his lengthy monologue, the boar that led you to her returns, sidling sideways through the opening through which he had disappeared earlier. Behind him, lit candles held in ornate candelabras bob along in the air. As the candelabras come to rest throughout the room, the lady nods. "You may call me Achmadina; that would translate into Lady in your trade tongue." As before, the words she speaks are not mere words. They are a song, a siren's call, beckoning you closer.

Zinzer arches an eyebrow at the floating candelabra, the boar having lost its fascination by now. "Remarkable."

Tilara looks puzzled as she glances back at the walls and notices the door missing. She looks back at the woman suspiciously, and murmurs the cantrip to detect magic.

As Tilara's vision shifts, allowing her to see magical auras in the room, her eyes widen. There's magic ... everywhere. The floating candelabra, the wall hangings, the lady herself glows brightly, as does the piglet who has rested contentedly in her lap for the past hour. Glowing brightest ... it's a tie between the candelabra, and the boar, and the candelabras' glow begins to fade a little as they settle on the floor ...

Andreth glances over at Tilara as he hears the familiar muttering, then notices her gaze. On the observation that the entrance is missing, he simply sighs in exasperation, tired of being toyed with. But until he faces a straightforward threat, he decides to leave overt action to his smarter companions.

Zinzer addresses Achmadina for the first time. "You know many things a man such as myself seeks to know."

The lady smiles at the young man. "Indeed. I know many recipes for the consumption of rat. Did you know there's a lichen, grows in every pit, that serves as a perfect spice, adding a piquant flavour to the creature's flesh?" Her eyes twinkle, as the piglet in her lap squeals happily.

Zinzer mutters under his breath, "NOW they tell me."

Tilara glances around quickly before the cantrip wears off. _By the Gods! The whole place is magicked. Protective spells, transformation, evocation, enchantment... but no illusionary auras. This is all for real._ She looks up to the dark woman in something akin to awe. "Lady.. Achmidana... what _is_ this place?"

Turning to face Tilara, the lady smiles, her lips momentarily curling upwards. "Home, my dear. My home. Come, let us feast." She claps her hands twice, and dishes sail into the room, settling in various places, two trailed by small tables that settle on either side of her throne. Goblets come dancing in, too, floating gently in front of each member of the party, followed by a large decanter that makes the round, pouring a golden fluid into each goblet.

Picking up the goblet in front of her, the lady holds it for a moment to savour the delicious scent that wafts off the fluid. "Come, ladies and gentlemen, let us consecrate this nectar with a toast. To days of travel, and nights of pleasure. To days of learning, and nights of leisure. And above all, to news friends, who break salt and bread."

Starguard says, "To days and nights then." Starguard raises his glass, and drinks deeply.

Zinzer raises a goblet. "To all these things, then." He drinks reservedly.

Andreth eyes the goblet, and frowns suspiciously. He feels he's being asked to accept too many spectacular displays, and at the same time accept food and drink as perfectly normal. He watches Starguard intently, his eyes widening in alarm as he downs the drink, and makes no move whatsoever to pick up his own goblet.

Zinzer says, "Oh, my. What... an extraordinary vintage."

Tilara raises her goblet in response, but for now only touches her lips to the rim - wondering what the substance inside is, and if the dark lady will drink it herself.

Zinzer glances at the dark lady. "From what grapes could this possibly have been made?"

The lady, smiling, takes a slow sip, her lips caressing the rim of her goblet. Her eyes twinkle as she lowers the goblet, her lips still wet from the wine. She looks at Tilara, daring her to sip.

Starguard nods. "That is indeed, _wine_. I am blessed to have tasted such. Drink up, White Company. Breaking salt and bread is the sign of a two day truce so ancient that few would break without angering the Gods."

Ash takes his glass, and drinks, so that nothing of what he mumbles but "anger the Gods" can be distinctly heard.

Tilara grins and shrugs at the Lady's regard of her subterfuge. "Force of habit, I'm afraid, milady." She sips, then. _Might as well. If she means us harm, with the power at her command, I don't think we'd be able to do much anyway._

Andreth takes hold of his glass, but still does not drink. "Ah ain't thirsty," he says, letting himself lapse into full-blown Middens accent. He _has_ learned somewhat more manners than that since he was a street urchin, but... well, if nothing else, he wants to find out _how_ hard people will try to make him drink.

Zinzer says, "Boy, if you don't drink this, you'll hate us in the morning."

Tilara's eyes widen at the taste of the wine. "This is amazing."

Smiling at Starguard, the lady gestures at the plates, picking up a small round ball. Holding it, she pauses, then smiles. "There will be no rat served tonight, Zinzer. We shall feast on the gifts of the underworld. These ... these are the bread we eat, and the salt by which we live." She nibbles for a moment, teeth carving off a few crumbs. When Andreth speaks up, she merely smiles at him, her expression suddenly reminding him of Merial. "As you choose, child of my Parents." One eyebrow climbs up for a moment, then settles once more in place, and the impression of well contained laughter is barely discernible.

Zinzer raises his eyebrow in turn. "If you'll forgive me for saying so, the family resembelance is far from obvious."

The lady twinkles at Zinzer. "He's adopted." She takes another sip from her goblet. "This wine is produced in a single vineyard, Brother Starguard, where the footsteps of man tread not."

Andreth stiffens at the lady's words, eyes widening in equal parts alarm and curiosity... and blinks quietly, raising a hand to his cheek. He then smiles at Zinzer and allows himself to unbend slightly. "Don't blame 'er, she ain't got nothin' ta do with me ugly mug," he remarks calmly, and finally allows himself a sip of the wine.

Ash is careful to have no more than the initial drink, once he becomes aware of its effects. He instead rests his hands on his knees, occupying his mind and thoughts with distraction, waiting for whatever has possessed him to pass.

Zinzer eats carefully, as if tasting bread and salt for the first time. Spartan cuisine, but excellent wines.

Starguard is happy enough with his quaff, especially once he tastes the food! It too is of highest quality, ambrosia for the nose and tongue, a feast that would tempt gluttony to the best of men.

After the bread and the salt have been broken, the lady claps her hands again, twinkling. "Spartan, Zinzer? Surely we will find something more suited to your palate ..." After a momentary pause, great platters come sailing in, some containing many different cheeses, others covered in slices of a variety of meets. Venison, rabbit, turkey ... and these are the most obvious.

Tilara nearly chokes on her wine at this revelation. "This ... would explain much. You are a daughter of Merial, milady?"

The lady smiles at Tilara. "I am ... a Daughter of Limera."

Other platters follow the first, these bearing creams, and fruits, piled high, designed to appeal to the palate of the most jaded of young people.

Zinzer says, "Indeed. I wonder if our two young ladies wouldn't like to meet you, as well."

The lady smiles. "Your two young ladies? I see only the one girl child among you."

Tilara nods. "You are not spoken of in the tales we have in the upper world, milady. None that I've heard, at least." She lets herself be distracted by the food, then, listening for any tidbits of information the dark one might reveal.

Andreth chuckles, smiling roguishly at Achmidana. "Guess that makes you my... er..." he pauses, the complexity of genealogy escaping his simple mind for the moment. "er, so if Merial's her sister..." He sighs deeply in exasperation, and nibbles on a cheese.

The lady pauses, one finger on her lip, before she nods at Tilara. "The Children of Limera do not speak of the Children of Agla and Oak, and the children of Luriel, and Lurithain, Lachlan and Potapka do not speak of the Children of Ungfallen."

Zinzer shrugs slightly, waiting for one of the Company to explain their two young charges and their quest.

Tilara twitches an eyebrow at that. "Family squabbles, milady? Or is it something deeper?"

"Cousin! That's the word I was lookin' for," Andreth exclaims triumphantly, and tries a sample of the venison.

Zinzer says, "Remember what I said in the tunnel? It's the same story among Gods, as men. I gather you have your own problems with family, Tilara."

Zinzer eyes the plate of something that might be rabbit, and digs in. Even if it's cursed... it's not rat.

Tilara shrugs. "Now and again. It'll work out, though - the next time I see them things should clear up a bit."

Ash shrugs eloquently. "The best way to avoid trouble with your family is to start a new family. It's worked for us for generations," he observes.

The lady shrugs. "Once, our parents all lived in one home. Once we all lived under the burning glare of Brother Sun. Once, Lifall was alive. Time passes, Tilara, and love fades in the glare of contempt and hatred." Her voice turns soft, and silvery, almost icy in its coldness. "We no longer live with the children of Luriel."

"If love fades, does hate fade as well?" asks Ash softly. "Few fires burn without fuel, though it's not my place to say."

"Of course, young warrior, hatred fades as much as love does." The lady gestures at the food. "Do I not break my salt with you, and share my bread? Do I not share with you the wine that no child of Luriel can bottle, made from the vines that no Child of Lachlan can tend?" Her voice softens a little. "So, the hatred fades, as the love faded. But the glare of Brother Sun's gaze is as bright as ever."

Ash smiles, and raises his cup, and drinks, in silent recognition.

Zinzer saws away, well-mannered but still urgently, at the plate of rabbit. "We are quite distant children of the persons bearing those names, Lady. If our lineage could be traced that way at all."

Andreth scratches his head. "True 'nuff. And 'sides, e'en the children o' Luriel themselves squabble amongst themselves," he mutters, as he tries to sort through his knowledge of the family trees of the gods through the warm haze of the wine.

Tilara nods as another piece of the puzzle ... well, it doesn't slip into place, but it shifts closer to a pattern, at least.

Zinzer says, "But I'm curious... we are here, and you have accepted us into your home, and for this we are grateful. But we come seeking to negotiate. Your own presence here must be unusual, as well, to be in these circumstances."

The lady smiles at Zinzer's forthrightness. "There are older and younger hatreds. I moved into these caves when a younger hatred erupted. My children grow strong here, establishing themselves."

Starguard says, "Unfortunately, the strength of your children is unbalancing what happens locally."

Tilara nods. "This is what descendants do, I've noticed. Are they pressuring the little ones, or is this an unrelated occurence?"

The lady smiles wistfully at Starguard. "And yet they must live somewhere. These environs are ideal, stretching their minds and feeding their bodies, strengthening their souls. So we shall stay."

Starguard says, "Could you perhaps speak with your neighbours? I find peaceful co-existance tends to work well over the longer term."

The lady shakes her head. "No. Those neighbours have killed my children, wounding them, denying them their birthright ..." Her voice is now cold, and implacable, and the temperature has dropped noticeably. You might suspect that she isn't amenable to the suggestion.

Ash holds up a hand to the priest, then speaks in a soft voice. "Lady, may I ask you what happened in the elder time? How hate sprang up, and wrongs were done? How is it that those who have followed from that time have lived? And can it be said that they were truly happier to have acted from anger? I ask you this, for you have experiences in this matter that I do not."

Zinzer looks surprised at Ash, as if he's never heard this idea before.

Turning to Ash, the lady's eyes spark, coldly, white light shining from them. "Once, Ungfallen's son was a bright and shining light in the firmament. Once he was loved, and cherished, by all who saw him. Once he played with fools and murderers. Abandoned and betrayed, he fled to the halls where his Father Ungfallen eventually found him. Since that time, we have turned our backs on those who live in the heated gaze of Brother Sun." Feeding the piglet in her lap a fresh strawberry, the lady pauses. "We did not act from anger, young man. We acted in grief. We left the murderers, the betrayers, the children of the Overworld, and denied them our wisdom. Is that hatred? If so, we hated. I hated."

"Here, I have made my home. I will not leave." Achmadina's hand tightens on the piglet's skin, evoking a squeal before she visibly relaxes her fingers, stroking and soothing the little creature.

"We do not ask that anyone leave," says Ash softly. "If you have been offended by those in the tunnels above, they will make amends. They have no quarrel with you."

"Those children also bleed and die," states Zinzer, simply.

The lady shrugs once. "My children will roam the tunnels; they learn, they grow. If the creatures above stay out of the tunnels I claim, they can live as they choose. But I will not retreat."

"Have those tunnels been marked, and do those above know the marks? If not, will you mark them? We will carry this word back," says Ash. "And if they are not willing to abide by that offer, then we have done what we could."

"The marks adorn every passage way. Surely you have noticed the words?" Achmadina smiles, impishly. "Jurdah's words are teaching my children; they learn of betrayal and adultery, of the use gods have for mortals, and the ways the gods have been used." The boar, settling near Andreth, looks almost abashed, but takes advantage of the opening to nudge him for treats. Nudge strongly.

"Your children have taken a liking to the mushrooms grown by the Builders," observes Ash. "Is it your will that they should partake of such treats?"

The boar nods, nudging Andreth again. The lady, observing her pet, smiles. "Yes."

"And you do not grow them yourself, it seems," continues Ash. "Would you accept gifts of mushrooms for your children, as a peace-offering from the Builders? You need not be enemies."

"How will my children grow strong, without conflict to strengthen them?" The lady shrugs.

Starguard says, "Or even if you must, let not enemity get in the face of beneficial trade, as the merchant say."

Andreth glances at the boar, and grins. "Hungry again, are ye, me friend?" he mutters, reaching into his pack for another mushroom. As Ash speaks, his eyes widen slightly, and he offers the mushroom to the boar. "So that's why yer children're botherin' the builders. They're just smellin' the food. Can't blame a boar fer bein' hungry."

"So... let me get this straight." Ash shakes his head. "Without fighting, there would be no grief that your children have been harmed. And with fighting, your children grow strong, as is your wish. Which is it to be, Lady? For there are ways to grow strong that do not involve hate."

The lady smiles, coldly. "But the strength I breed in my children ..." Her words trail off, and she seems to recollect where she is. "But come; let us feast, these words are so sad, when the feast is so pleasant ..."

Tilara nods as the conversation continues. "So what kind of strength is it you want, milady? Why not just have a contest of some sort every year for them? You don't have to bother anyone else, then."

A variety of expressions cross Zinzer's face, including clarity, worry, and a good number of sneers. Finally the sneers seem to win. "So... is this what the White Company does? Risks your lives trying to convince the strong to spare the weak?"

Starguard says, "Not quite. To convince the strong that the weak are useful.'"

The lady looks at Starguard, eyes twinkling. "The weak are useful ... as long as they know their place."

Zinzer says, "It seems the Lady already knows this, Brother. And better than we."

"Strength should not be a goal.. It should be a means to an end," offers Ash thoughtfully. "And if we are strong enough to achieve our goals, and helping the weak is our goal, what of it? No God has come down and told us to cease what we do."

Tilara chuckles. "The reverse, if anything, Ash. I think we've gotten their approval for our methods."

Starguard shrugs. "I've seen enough war in my time. It robs children of parents, parents of children...I can think of no end worth such carnage/"

Zinzer says, "As with men, as with gods. And vice versa. How can we rise above our petty squabbles when the highest and mightest cannot?"

"Why shouldn't we try?" asks Ash with a smile.

Tilara says, "For that matter, how do you know we can't? The mightiest have fewer reasons to _try_, after all."

Zinzer says, "Because it is the way of things. I have seen little to give me reason to believe as you do. And I gather you have seen little more than I."

Zinzer takes another long sip of that fine wine.

Starguard laughs. "I've seen more with these young pups in the last few months than in all the years before."

"Strength and power are the same, though. And power is the tool by which the way of things is changed, isn't it?" smiles Ash. "If I am strong, I can overthrow the corrupt prince of a kingdom, or slay my enemies who have wronged me and my family for years. Or, I can exalt the poor and weak around me, giving them confidence and dignity where none was before. If power isn't for changing the way things are, what good is it?"

Andreth peers at Zinzer, smiling wryly. "Ye may not have known it, but yer speakin' ta people who've made a _habit_ of breakin' the established ways."

Zinzer continues to sneer. "I will follow you to see what happens when your foolishness catches up with you." But something about his expression indicates that he doesn't quite believe what he's saying, himself.

Tilara chuckles at the wizard. "It'll be spectacular, probably. But in the meantime, we'll have affected a lot of lives for the better. We already have."

Zinzer changes the subject. "What of the two girl-children of the Changers? Is this not who they came to see?"

Tilara says, "I really don't think so. That's farther into the mountains."

The lady smiles, sipping her nectar. "Tell me of these girl children, Zinzer." Her voice sounds ... compelling.

Zinzer says, "I know little. A lass who looks of a lad and a lass who looks like she's seen every bad thing in her life."

Andreth eyes Zinzer. "Foolishness ain't just the province of fools, Zinzer. That's all I'm sayin." He mutters and stares at his wineglass, suddenly not very thirsty again.

Achmadina looks to the other people in the party, obviously inviting them to share."

Andreth sets down his wine glass and sighs. "All right, m'lady. But first I'd ask ye a question. Why d'ye no longer live wi' the children of Luriel? What harm did they do ye?"

"The death of Lifall was not harm enough, Andreth?" The lady shrugs. "We left the Children of Luriel a long time ago. The question you should be asking ... why did I leave the Children of Limera."

Tilara looks blearily cagy at the dark lady. "They're not important. Why do you want to know? But now that you mention it, why _did_ you leave the children of Limera?"

Cradling the piglet in her lap, the lady smiles. "I once operated the only vineyard that we had. I still operate it, but the Children no longer drink its nectar. They ... do not appreciate its finer qualities."

Andreth relaxes a little, letting himself smile. "If ye left so long ago, then p'rhaps ye know not that not all of Luriel's children were had by 'im of 'is own free will." He tilts his head, as he had seen the Lady do. "Would ye have a quarrel with such Children?"

The lady shakes her head. "Nay; I've no quarrel with those who were forced on their parents."

Tilara says, "Then what?"

Andreth nods, and glances at his companions questioningly one last time before addressing the Lady. "The girl children with us - they're the children of Far Seer. And Luriel's children harass them yet, still carryin' Luriel's bitterness about how the children of Far Seer came t'be."

The lady leans forward. "Yes?" Her back straightens, her hand now resting motionless on the little piglet's back, the piglet itself suddenly completely still - barring a minute tremble. "Children of Far Seer?" Her eyes glaze over a little, seeing something in the non-existent distance, before she turns back. "Do ... do tell.

Tilara is still blurry from the wine, but glares at the tone in Achmidana's voice. "What would they be to you?"

The lady smiles. "Allies, young lady. Allies."

Tilara ponders this, not sure if it's a postive development or not...

Andreth raises both eyebrows at that, and speaks. "In ages past - or so I'm told - Celidan trapped Luriel by force and oaths, so that he couldna rest till he gave up 'is seed to 'er. And so she bore his child, 'n that child was called Far Seer, or the Hawk. An' _his_ children fight to survive t'this day. They're called the Changers among us."

Nodding, the lady strokes her piglet, her eyes lowered as she looks at her wine. "Do go on, young man. You ... intrigue me."

Andreth looks the Lady in the eye as best he can. "What more d'ye seek ta know, m'lady? I know that the Changers has been driven from place t'place, cause Luriel, through 'is followers, seeks ta wipe out the children o' the son 'e never wanted. They've found a place for themselves, now, but seems t'me there'll be a lot o' fightin' yet afore they c'n live in peace."

Nodding, the Lady smiles. "Ah. They, too, seek strength through combat. Perhaps not willingly, but nonetheless ..." She pauses, sipping her wine. "Will you bring these youngsters to me?"

Andreth frowns. "It ain't just up t'me," he says uncertainly, and looks to his companions. "An' it ain't just up ta us, either. We'll have ta ask them, I think..."