The evening has passed both slowly and yet at an incredible pace. The stories have whispered across the fire, the songs have been learned and relearned so that all can sing them perfectly. These are the maps of the Changers; songs that mark the passing of the way, and mark its every nook and cranny. Now the fellowship knows of the great Monster that sits in the pass, and the beasties that haunt the campsites of the dead. Now they know of the darkness that is pierced by the Mother Star, weakened by the Father Star, strengthened by hateful baneful spirits.

Stories of love, of heroism, of altruism in its purest form have beguiled Ash, giving him much to think on, while stories of straightforward thinking have entranced the young monk. Stories like katas, that teach the way of the World, that stretch the mind while shaping it. Stories that have begun to mold him, even after this one evening, though he knows it not.

As the sun slowly rises, the party ... awakes, almost, though they were none of them asleep. The tale spinning has lasted through the night, and it is only now that the old woman catches up her spindle, collecting the yarn that Jellin has wound for her into a ball. She looks around, and smiles, at faces that are both tired and carefree.

Leaning against one another, hands held close, head leaning on head leaning on shoulder, the two girls slump forward a little, eyes closed. Slowly dozing off, now that the songs have ended, they soon fall fast asleep, where they sit. Beside them Stormy, too, is sleeping, head dropped forward.

Starguard smiles, the old man stretching. "Talespinner, may we stay a day? I think we stayed up too late to travel."

The old woman smiles, in the door way of her soddy. "Certainly. Make yourselves at home. The cats will keep your horses safe ..."

Tilara yawns, but is still alert enough to thank her. "We appreciate it. Is there anything we may do for you when we awake?"

Disappearing inside the soddy, the woman seems at first not to hear the question. But then, from deep within, "Fresh stew would be wonderful. And some bread. There's onions, and a bit of weeding would be a kindness."

After a long, relaxing sleep, the company awakes, and sets to weeding, fishing, and cooking with a will. Soon, the smells of stew once again waft across the open area, where the two younglings are drying off the last of the bowls. At last, just as the stew is ready for serving, the woman steps out of the soddy, smiling. Her spindle has just been restarted, and it spins now, as she pulls wisps of wool out into thread.

Starguard shows his lack of sleep, however, his cooking...well, subpar isn't the word of the day. Down right horrible is. The stew, while it smells alright, tastes a bit of laundry, perhaps because Starguard not noticing the dirty socks in the bottom of the cauldron, ready to be laundered. The brick oven is foreign, and the bread looks alright...until you open it to dough.

After a single biteful, the old woman stands up, spindle dropped, and glares at Starguard. "That, greybeard, is no way to repay an old woman's kindness." She stumps over to the garden plots, muttering something about city boys who wouldn't know a weed from a weevil ...

Starguard frowns, trying it...and barely avoids spitting it out. "Gah. No...it isn't."

After pointing out the weeds, the old woman disappears back inside the hut, returning with two baskets of old dry bread, and cheese. It's not much, but, as she points out, the fresh stuff all went into the cauldron ...

Andreth seems determined to finish his share of weeding before he partakes. Besides, the small sip of the stew put a bit of a damper on his appetite - as he'd said at the time, he'd had better meals in the Middens.

Starguard looks absolutely ashamed of himself. "I don't know what happened, Talespinner. I usually cook much better..."

Tilara says, "Next time, get more sleep. I swear, _I_ could cook better than that."

Andreth shakes his head, as he deals with an errant bit of foliage. "What's cooked is cooked, m'friends. Let's not linger on it, a'ight?"

Starguard says, "Please. Maybe it'll make good fertilizer for the garden, if we're lucky."

Tilara says, "Let's hope the weeding went better, or we'll be walking to the plateau."

After sharing her bread and cheese, the woman disappears back in the soddy. She's little more to say, it seems.

The party has time to rest, recuperate and recompensate Talespinner for her hospitality, and once outside the domain of this strange creature they begin to plot their next course. Three days' travel, along with the need to be done with the horses somehow, is what's ahead. After that, the road grows less certain, even if tales and songs describe it.

At the end of those days of travel, the party is standing at the foot of a long, narrow path, leading almost straight up. Steeper than a staircase, steeper than a ladder, with but the barest outlines of hand holds suggested in the shadows. The horses stand, patiently; it's obvious that they can go no further.

Dismounting, and unpacking their goods, the party sends the horses back with two cats, who carefully herd them. Someday ... they will return to the Talespinner to collect their mounts. Meanwhile, looking back at that sheer cliff face brings gulps to most throats. It looks ... awful steep. Not impossile, and shadows hint at ledges, but the sun is so low in the sky that it's hard to tell.

Starguard says, "I think we should wait until morning before tackling this monster. There's no way we'll make it up before it gets dark."

Andreth nods in agreement, although he doesn't seem as worried as Starguard. Quite the contrary, he seems almost energized by the first major challenge since we left the Circling.

Tilara nods. "I think you're right. I'll reconnoiter a little ways up while it's still light, but tomorrow's a good idea."

Andreth shakes his head doubtfully at Tilara. "We dunno what might be up there. I think we're best off if we all go together, so's we're all there ta deal with it. Which means we wait till mornin'."

Tilara says, "Just wanted to see how far up it goes. I woouldn't have been too long." She sits down on her sleeping roll and sighs. "I hate camping next to that without any idea of what's up there."

Ash shrugs in reply. "And I'd hate to have to bury a comrade, after something came out of the failing light when we weren't all prepared. Let's get some sleep."

The night passes quietly enough. Occasionally, a pebble bounces down the cliff side. Once or twice a larger boulder comes bouncing down, sliding off bumps and protusions, and landing thirty feet or so from the cliff face.

Come morning, Ash is interested in knowing what lays in store above. "Tilara, if you are interested in ascending, I'll provide archery cover," he says. "If you climb, take the rope with you. Starguard should probably follow next, and then the kids."

Ash gestures up the rock face. "I'll climb better out of armor, but I suppose we ought to be ready for anything, so... Andreth and I will go up last, just in case any emergency unpleasantness arises. How's that sound?"

Tilara says, "Reasonable. Can I talk any of you into spiders for breakfast?"

Ash says, "How many spells can you invoke, and still feel prepared to handle the unknown above?"

Starguard says, "Got to be better than my stew. I'll take one, Tilara."

Tilara says, "Quite a few, actually. I don't want to spider-foot _everyone_, but I can do a few of you."

Ash nods and grimaces a little at the prospect of a gruesome breakfast. "I'll do it the hard way," he says. "But Stormy and the girls, at least.."

Tilara nods, and prepares the spells for Starguard and herself. A few moments later, both the paladin and the sorceress are ready to climb the cliff, hands and feet adhering to the rock-face. "I'm going to be a little off the handholds, just in case. We'll fasten the ropes when we make it to the top, or to a good ledge." She nods to Starguard and starts up the wall.

Starguard is a bit nervous for a moment, but gets used to sticking to the rock shortly, beginning to climb quickly. "Alright, let's go..."

Behind them the girls follow in quick succession, Stormy swarming up behind them. All are barefoot. All are a little concerned. But the route seems peaceful enough. After about two hundred feet there's a long narrow ledge, with caves leading into the stone.

Tilara peers into the caves but doesn't spot anything interesting or apparently dangerous. She motions the rest to give them a decent berth, and waits until the kids are past before dashing back up to the front with Starguard.

Another hundred feet, or so, and the cliff ends, leading on to a boulder strewn landscape. Looking around, the plateau seems to continue for miles, before dropping just as sharply. Boulders lie here and there, and there are deep depressions where earth has been smashed out of the way.

Behind Tilara, Stormy and the girls make it over the edge, and stand looking awestruck. Or, in Jellin's case. Seriously worried. She's unslinging her bow, and pulling out an arrow ...

Starguard's brow furrows. "Something wrong, Jellin?"

Watching Jellin, Ellinor bites her lip. Moments later, two daggers sprout out from between her fists, and she begins to slowly spin around. "You don't ..." she whispers, mumbling lyrics under her breath.

Tilara looks around, trying to spot what the girl is worried about.

Jellin nods at Starguard, once, before pivoting to look out. "The warriors. Bring them up. Lyrics. Monster. In the pass."

Tilara nods. "Aye. So where is it, eh?"

Jellin looks around. "I don't know. That's what worries me."

As Andreth begins to climb up the cliff side, he ponders what lies above. A rope snakes down, and he grabs it, using it to walk up the cliff side more quickly. Stopping by the caves, he heard a step. A second step. Heavy steps.

Ash stands ready at the base of the cliff, the Elk Bow ready, an arrow nocked. A sudden tension has come over the party, even if the source of it is not yet clear, and his natural instinct guides him to prepare for the worst.

Tilara frowns, then gestures vaguely toward the distance, trying not to attract attention beyond the party. "I think we have company. There's something moving up that way. And these holes in the ground look awfully close to the sizes of some of those boulders that came down last night."

Starguard nods, and tries to pull faster, digging in.

Andreth's eyes go wide, and he waves down at Ash, making frantic beckoning motions, and speeds his pace climbing up the rope. Unwilling to shout a warning lest he be heard, he plans to deliver the message closer to hand.

As Andreth continues back up, he sees movement deep in one of the caves. A pebble, a single pebble, rolls out ... and then rolls over the edge, plinking down the cliff.

On top of the plateau, so far away Tilara can barely see it, a single rock begins to rock. It rocks a little, to and fro, speeding up every time it moves, until suddenly it rolls forward, rolling for a while before inertia stops it again.

Hand over hand, Ash ascends the rope, following as swiftly as safety permits after his companions. He glances down at the base of the cliff, then up, half-expecting to see something untoward, but uncertain of just what the trouble might be.

Tilara frowns. "Moving rocks? What the heck is going on up here?"

As Ash passes the caves, two more pebbles roll out. And then a rock comes flying; a larger rock. The size of a fist. Thrown, it looks like.

Jellin looks at Tilara. "I don't know. The song warns, but the warning is ... uncertain?"

Starguard grunts, holding onto the rope, drawing it in now best he can, trying to pull the two up.

Andreth begins helping his companions haul up Ash as soon as he's got a solid footing. "I thought I heard footsteps from in th'cave," he remarks to his companions. "Deep inside."

Jellin looks at Andreth, and then looks down to watch Ash. A moment later ... "Ash! Watch out!"

"Someone's pitching rocks in there!" says Ash, as he nearly crests the top. "Pull the rope up, before anything can ... Huh?"

Tilara says, "Unless the rocks are pitching themselves."

As Ash swarms up the cliff face at double tempo, he feels a sharp stabbing pain in his back. Something large, something heavy, and above all, something moving damn fast has just whacked him in the backside.

Even as Jellin looses an arrow at the large grey man that has stepped out of the caves, the man pulls two fist sized rocks out of his pouch, throwing them at Ash. The first, again, lands, while the second misses, hitting the cliff and bouncing back down. Stormy's brilliant response, to drop a rock on him in turn, is an abject failure.

Starguard tries to redouble his effort, hand over hand pulling the rope up, hoping to get Ash to the top before anything else happens.

Ash winces and spins almost uncontrollably on the rope. Almost, but not quite, for he continues climbing, even as the rope is drawn up by the combined effort of his companions. He looks down, glancing hither and yon to get a clearer image of his attacker.

Andreth joins Starguard at the rope, hauling it up hand-over-hand, desperate to get his companion up to the top as soon as possible.

Tilara hurries back to the edge to find the rock-like humanoid at the mouth of the cave. She mutters the commands that direct bolts of energy onto the hulking figure.

Below him, Ash sees an overly large, grey skinned man. Dust coats his unruly hair and covers his skin, for he wears only a single grey loincloth.

The firey bolts streak down along the cliff and impact the creature, whatever it is, as it leaves the cave and comes into her range. She frowns, though - the shots were solid impacts, and yet it doesn't seem to be hurt badly.