Game Log: Chapter 13 - A Little Success and R&R


---------------------------------------------------

Jane kindly house everyone, allows Big Joe and the troop to roll up and sleep in her backyard. It wasn't warm, but it was only one night, after all. In the morning, Jake was sent to the market to get breakfast, while Jane sat down for a dicker with Yuri.

Jane smiles at Yuri, as she's toting up the counts. "None of the fancy weapons are here, but you did find some nice armor. Now, let me see, twelve leather armor, and twenty short swords, six long swords, seven maces, and a bushel of quarterstaffs. And look, you found all seven missing crossbows.

Yuri says, "I wonder, Jane. The armor we brought back... was it made here, or at Gerrold's?"

Jane takes one of the coats and shows Yuri the maker's mark. "Gerrold's. But I've been mentioning branching out. Kiel went to work with them for a year and learnt about crossbows."

Ash waits around, nervously second-guessing the fate in store for him.

Yuri hmms.

Yuri says, "Are we including the weapons recovered from the Old Goat, here?"

Jane smiles at Yuri, and finishes the list she's made. "And lastly, yes, here's the great club. That was one of my favorite pieces this winter. So, all in all, I owe you about ", she pauses as she counts up the numbers, "80 gold?"

Jane pauses a moment. "And then, of course, the cache from the Old Goat. We found some nice pieces there. Including your sword, Yuri. I delivered it to your father. So, shall we call it even at a hundred gold?

Yuri blanches at the mention of his father, but says nothing about it. "Yes, that sounds about right to me."

Back in the Temple to the Stars, Starguard peeks into the recovery room, checking how Tilara's recovering.

Jane smiles, and counts out the money carefully. Inf five twenty gold piece coins. "Here you go, Yuri. You guys have done a stellar job; I'll mention you at the general lunch next month."

Tilara is sitting propped up, watching the day go by outside the window. "No way to hurry this up, is there? I'm

bored already..."

Yuri grins. "Thank you. We aim to please. Do you have any ideas what I can do with Big Joe and company? I promised to find them an honest job."

Starguard says, "I can ask Father Pesci, but the prescription in the army was about a week in the rest tent, Tilara. Heat helps, a little, to sweat out the potion, and lots of liquids."

Jane looks thoughtful. "The next caravan is expected in about two days. Perhaps ... what kinds of skills do they have?"

Tilara grumbles. "I'll go nuts if I'm in here a week. Two days. Then I'm getting up."

Yuri says, "Well, they've been heavily training with all the weapons that we just gave to you. They've also been taught how to do patrols, work as a unit, and how to think like a brigand."

Jane nods once. "So you're hoping to broker a job for them as caravan guards? They'll need some equipment."

Yuri nods... "Yes, they will. I'm afraid we were quite effective in disarming them.

Yuri looks around Jane's shop, thinking.

Ash says, "Why not sign an agreement with the caravan master for an advance on weapons to come out of their salaries, in exchange for a guaranteed term of service? If they ship out with an arms dealer (wonder where we could find one of those), the merchant also moves their wares."

Jane nods slowly ... "The caravan master might go along with them, and I can sell them some armor at below market prices ...

Father Pesci looks in on Tilara. "So; what happened to the little lady, old chap?

Tilara sticks her tongue out at the cleric. "I'm not that little."

Jane looks out at the backyard, and then at Ash. "Is he included?

Ash looks nervous

Starguard grins at Tilara. "If I can be a young swot, I think you can certainly be a little lady." He chuckles quietly as he turns to the Father. "Hazanine powder. She was too close to a trapped chest when it was opened. Yuri took it in the face, but came out a bit better."

Yuri looks over at Ash. "I think that's up to Ash. He and Big Joe don't like each other."

Father Pesci looks worried for a moment. "Did she breathe all of it in, or did she manage to keep her mouth and nose closed?"

Ash says, "I'd like to avoid caravan duty if at all possible, frankly."

Jane examines Ash slowly. "So; you don't want caravan duty, and you weren't one of the youngsters I hired, so frankly, I don't see where you come in."

Tilara says, "I was inhaling when it went off, and didn't manage to stop in time. I didn't get that much in, but what I got I breathed all the way in."

Ash says, "well, if it's to be duty, at least not with those thugs."

Yuri says, "He generously offered to assist us in the field, once we explained our mission."

Starguard says, "I flushed them out best as I could at the time. But if she's survived this long, it's just a matter of sweating it out."

Yuri explains to Jane, in low tones, how Ferg's gang was defeated.

Father Pesci shakes his head. "Well, little lady, you're looking at bed rest for a week, at least. No heavy lifting. Although you could spend your time reading, if you chose."

Jane ahs. "Well; I leave him to you then. We'll just hold you responsible, Yuri. You know what that means."

Yuri says, "I don't really think that the Company out there is all that bad. They're all from the Middens. They haven't done anything illegal that we're aware of. For that matter, all we can possibly charge Ferg with is robbing you. And even that he did by proxy.""

Stormy diffidently sticks his head around the door, and looks at Tilara wistfully. "Are you feeling better?

Jane nods. "Well; talk to the caravanserai keeper, and he'll probably let them kip out in the stables. I have some work to do here."

Tilara grins at the boy, distracted from the sharp retort she was about to make to her healers. "A bit, Stormy. The good Father was about to offer me something to read, but I can teach you some tricks if you want."

Stormy bounces visibly. "Please? My hands feel so hot, and so itchy ..."

Starguard chuckles. "Right. Suddenly I think that fresh air might be better for the both of you."

Yuri nods. "One other question... what's happening in the Old Goat? Has anyone occupied it?"

Stormy looks worriedly at Tilara. "Won't fresh air make her sick?"

Father Pesci raises one eyebrow. "Is that so, old swot? Well, why don't you carry her to the garden then? It's not big, but there's a stone bench she can rest on.

Tilara says, "Fresh air is good. I just need to rest. Besides, we don't want you doing fire spells in here."

Jane shakes her head. "No; we don't know who owns it yet. They mayor has promised to look into it, but you know how that yellow-livered spineless eel operates. So as long as the lads don't cause any damage, they should be fine."

Starguard nods. "Stone would be a good thing, yes." Smiling, he offers his arms to Tilara, to carry her. "C'mon you. I think the Father is looking to give a old man an excuse to have the arms of a beautiful girl around his neck."

Yuri nods. "OK. At least it's got beds. I'm trying to avoid subjecting them to any indignities that might convince them banditry's a better idea. I'm trying to save lives here."

Jane shrugs. "If they get out of line, you can always send them into the army. The army's been the making of many a good man. Your old healer, for instance.

Yuri turns to Ash. "Well, it's up to you, what you want to do from here. I need to go make some arrangements. Do you want to come with me, or wait at the Temple of the Stars?

Ash gives a slight shrug. "I'll tag along with you, if it's alright."

"Which reminds me, Yuri, have you seen that dagger we discussed?

Yuri shakes his head. "If it was out there, it was hidden quite well.

Yuri says, "There's some tunnels under that old farm, you know. They look very old. It might be down there, but we ran into some booby traps and so we weren't able to do a complete search."

Jane pauses. "Farm? With ... hmmm.

Yuri says, "It's probably not safe to go there at the moment. This isn't all of Ferg's gang... maybe half of it. The other half was off somewhere and is due back any day."

Ash says, "If you need me to lead them off somewhere, I can do it."

She disappears behind the counter for a moment, and pops back up with a map. "Show me where the farm is, Yuri. I think they'll want to know about it."

Caravanserai

Tilara grins at Starguard and lets him help her out to the little garden. "Flattery, Starguard?"

Stormy follows happily, his hands twitching at his sides until he balls them up into fists. "Why do they burn, lady?"

Starguard grins. "Truth applied liberally, I would think," he says, placing Tilara on the bench. "Anyway, I'm sure Stormy's got questions. If you get tired, just call me, OK?"

Yuri looks at the map. "Umm... who is 'they', Jane?"

Jane smiles. "Well, the guild, mostly. I don't think we want such a convenient hideout left unoccupied. Other people might get ... ideas. And there's always youngsters wanting to settle in their own plots."

Stormy sits down at Tilara's feet, and holds up his open hands. "They're all red, lady. And they burn ..."

Yuri nods, slowly, and points out the farm on the map. "There's a pit trap about halfway down the first tunnel. I don't know what else is down there. Some of the tunnels are collapsed. Anyone who goes in should be good at spotting triggers and the like."

Jane nods. "Well, the young group I'm thinking off won't go down into the tunnels. We'll leave that for later. And Ash ... you say you can cut the others off at the pass? What do you think they'll do?"

Ash says, "It depends. If I have a convincing story to feed them, I'm sure they'll follow a familiar face."

Tilara nods. "It's the power trying to make itself known. You have to reach inside yourself and direct it, make it do what _you_ want instead..." She continues talking the boy through the process, trying to describe in words what she learned on her own as a young teen.

Ash hesitates. "However, I'm not... the best... with a convincing story."

Jane looks at Yuri. "Can you go with Ash? You've a fine glib tongue ..."

Yuri says, "I can. Can this wait a little while? I want to speak to the caravanserai and the guard captain before the day gets much older."

Stormy holds out his hands, and tendrils of flame begin to lick his fingertips, until with a large swoosh, a sheet of flame ignites, burning half the newly planted herbs in the garden.

Ash says, "We've half a week, I'd expect."

Starguard winces from up on the walk, where he's begun sweeping. "I'll have to use those tonight..."

The smell of freshly roasted thyme hangs heavy in the air and from somewhere inside, someone bellows for Starguard.

Starguard winces, and quickly hurries to talk with Father Pesci.

Father Pesci glares at Starguard. "You'll have to pick up more seeds; I can smell the burnt cloves from here. And how are we ever going to get the garlic in in time? Weren't you **watching** the lad?

Starguard says, "Of course, Father. It's a wild talent though. That is why I suggested outside, at least."

Yuri ducks out back to speak to Big Joe. "Wait here, Ash. We'll go in a minute; explain your idea to me on the way to commons.

Tilara sighs. "Well, good technique, lad. Your aim could have been better..."

Ash loiters

Father Pesci sighs. "Well, old chap, you'll be swotting up on your "How to plant herbs" lessons, won't you? Today."

Stormy looks at the plants, his eyes open, and then he stares at his hands, and then at the plants, and then he buckles down. "That ... that ... It was just so ... how could I **aim**?

Big Joe looks up at Yuri's approach. "Yes?"

Starguard's head droops. "Yes, Father," he says humbly.

Tilara grins and reaches out to tousle the lad's hair. "That comes with practice, too. That's why the book-wizards use gestures and words and materials to sharpen their focus. We don't _have_ to do that, but it helps. Let me show you...."

Yuri says, "I'm off to the caravanserai in a moment to arrange a job for you. The next caravan comes through in two days. The Old Goat's still open for the moment, if you want to use it as a place to camp. One thing I want to know before I go, though - can you use short spears?""

Big Joe nods. "Short spears? Sure. They're like quarterstaffs, with a sharp edge."

Stormy brightens up a little, following Tilara's gestures carefully. _I mustn't get distracted by the way it feels ..._

Yuri nods... "Good. We can kit you out with short spears, then; I'm not sure what to do for armor."

Big Joe nods. "Pity we couldn't keep ours."

Yuri says, "Maybe we can arrange that. Let me work on it for a bit. Jane's in a generous mood. I think I can work something out."

Yuri says, "Shall I find you at the Goat, then?"

Big Joe nods, and rouses the rest of his band of merry men. "Time to move, lads. It's the Goat for us."

Yuri thinks to himself, 'I hope I'm doing the right thing.'

Collecting Ash, Yuri sets off to see the Caravanserai keeper. The older man, once a caravan guard himself, squints in the gatehouse. "Yes, laddy. Are you waiting on news of the caravan then? They'll be a day or two acoming yet."

Yuri says, "Yes, I've come here about the caravan, but not for news."

Yuri says, "I've agreed to arrange employment for a company of guards."

The man sits down on his chair in the doorway. "Do tell, laddy. Say, don't I be knowin' you? Aren't you ... ah, is it employment yer wanting then? Well, I hear tell the roads are bad this year, and the masters looking to ramp up. Who'se contract are ye after sellin'?

Yuri chuckles, and tries think how best to explain this.

The old man slowly fills his pipe, then ambles back inside to get a spill to light it. Then he ambles back outside, puffing on the corncob pipe. "Well, lad? Bedone with't? Aren't you awful young ta be sellin' contracts?"

Yuri says, "This is a small company of men, originally from the Middens, who have decided to improve their lot in life. They've been training for weeks in the finer points of small arms. I can personally vouch for their skills with staves and crossbows."

Yuri says, "They work well together and they know how bandits think. I daresay that any caravan will be much safer with them in their employ."

Yuri says, "I am young, yes. I met this crew under exceptional circumstances, so I'm doing this as a favor to them. I think it's well worth the time."

"Aye laddy, so they're the ones as let the Middens settle, eh? It'll be good to get the young uns out of town but ... well, let me see. How many of these younguns ya sellin', lad?"

Yuri frowns. "I'm not selling people, old sir. But I think I know your meaning anyway. They are eight. Their captain is named Joe, their second, Jones, has some skill as a healer."

"Well then, laddy, walk 'em in here when the caravan arrives, and we'll take a look see at them. But make sure they're sharp, eh. Master's not fond of hangabouts like that last fella they ran off.

Yuri hmms. "I heard something about him. What was his story, anyway?"

"Him?" The old man sucks a little longer on the corn cob pipe, before pointing it at Yuri. "'E was a bad one, lad, and he'll never work in no caravan in Anglamar again. 'E was a thief, and a scoundrel, and ...

"Aye, he abused a lass, I hear tell. Used her past usin'; she'll never bear bairs nae more."

Yuri scowls.

Yuri says, "Was there more than that? Why wasn't he jailed?"

"The old man shrugged. "Cannae jail a man if she willnae press charges. But the old man did get him blacklisted, and he left the caravan a few weeks back. We haven't heard back from him since. Pity about the lass; she had a nice sister, too, awaitin' a weddin', last I heard."

Yuri says, "... a wedding? To Ilya Popov?"

Yuri suddenly remembers that his brother's wedding is waiting on the marriage of the older sister. He thinks, 'It can't be the same girl. Can it?'

"Ilya Popov?" The old man shakes his head slowly. "I dinnae recall the groom's name, though the scuttle has the lad being young enough to wait a few years yet."

Yuri says, "It would have to be Ilya."

The old man shrugs. "Well, you bring the lads on down then, laddy, and we'll dicker the contracts. My fee's always a tenth tithe, 'a course.

"And I gets paid up front."

Yuri nods. "Very well. Today, or when the caravan gets here?"

"Nae today. I've things ta see ta, today. When caravan arrives, laddy. Can't sell 'em when the buyer's not here ..." The old man grins, and settles down to smoke properly. Smoke rings are involved.

Yuri says, "Alright. I shall return. Thanks for telling me about Ferg."

Yuri leads Ash out the door. "This is getting personal... I think we should drop in on the guard house, next. And then maybe go and pay a visit to my brother's family."

Yuri and Ash walk to the guardhouse, to discuss Ferg's fate.

But before going to the guardhouse, Yuri and Ash take a detour to Father Pesci's temple, to see how the sick lady is doing. They find the entire group hovering over the things they found in the farm.

Tilara works with Stormy until he's used up the _mana_ he's stored. She lets the boy sleep it off in the warm afternoon sun and gets Starguard to help her back inside. She props herself up and starts counting the gold while Starguard checks out the magic and potential magic.

Starguard quietly spreads the loot out before him, before settling it before him. "The shine of magic be like the shine of the stars in the sky. Detect Magic!" With that, he stares at the objects, considering...

Starguard says, "The feathers, the jars, the sack and the mail." Nodding he picks them out of the rest. "Hmm. The sack we know what it does. And the armor...it's weak. I think just a little protection spell."

Tilara looks up from her counting. "...45, 46..." She nods. "More than likely. You think the containers are potions of some sort, maybe? I've got no idea what the feathers are."

"Definitely potions. Unfortunately, there's only two ways to find out what they are. Find a wizard or sorcerer who specializes in finding out about things -" Starguard turns to Tilara, wondering. "You wouldn't, by chance..."

Tilara shakes her head. "Not me. I do fire, not divination."

Starguard says, "Hope springs eternal. Since there aren't any other wizards or sorcerers I know of, that leaves option two. Sipping."

Tilara raises an eyebrow. "Good luck. Shall we get the good Father to monitor this?"

Starguard says, "I think so. Normally, I'd let someone else do this, but I don't think anyone has the experience with magic that I do. Father Pesci?" he calls."

Father Pesci ambles over. "Yes, old chap?"

Starguard says, "Father, we've got some unknown potions to check. Would you mind standing by?"

"Sure, laddy. Taste away; I'll not be letting you fall into the depths of darkness."

Starguard starts with the smaller ones. Bringing it to his lips... "Mmmph. Ginger and lemon. Good healing draught." He smells the second one. "Same thing."

Father Pesci nods with approval.

Starguard pops the cork on the unsealed larger bottle. "Now for this..." He moves the bottle, smelling it. "Oily..." With that, he take a small sip, placing the bottle back down, swirling it around his mouth...and suddenly he's holding his head. "Gah...that's...id moss."

Father Pesci stops for a moment, worried, then disappears into the apothecary. Returning, he holds a glass with some white liquid in it. "Try this; t might help."

Tilara says, "Hmm. If it's an oil, shouldn't you try rubbing it on your fingers..... uh-oh."

Starguard drinks the glass, blinking as he wobbles a little, eyes going a little glassy. "Mmm...good stuff... Wow! Like, my fingers, I never noticed the pattern on them before. It's...twirly...

Carefully, Father Pesci takes the cup away again. "I think, young lady, that you may have the right of it. But the effects of id moss are never permanent.

Stormy looks worriedly at the container. "Where did that come from?"

Tilara turns as Stormy comes back in. "From Ferg's stash. You know anything about it?"

Starguard mmms. "Moss is good and useful stuff, yep. It came from...erm, from the...wooden thing. Four walls, pointed top. Has cows in it sometimes. Just a second, I'll get it.

Stormy shakes his head. "He had some stuff, kept people docile. But he never let me touch it."

Yuri says, "... you mean a farm?"

Tilara nods. "This is it, then. Makes people stupid. Father Pesci says he'll get over it, though."

Father Pesci moves to stand right in front of Starguard. "Now listen up, laddy. This is very important. You are **not** to do any weeding, or dispensing of herbs, until you smarten up a little. You can hire yer sister's kids to help."

Starguard nods. "Alright, old Father." He titters. "You see it's funny, cause he's not really old r' anything..."

Stormy sits down on the edge of Tilara's bed. "Yeah. Wow; I never knew ladies could be so rich."

Yuri says, "Speaking of wealth... here's the 100 gold that Jane paid out for the recovered weapons."

Father Pesci tightens up. "Now listen here, you young swot. Put it down. No! Put it **down**. Before you hurt yourself. Sit down. Now." Father Pesci sighed. "Sorry, lads, it's going to take him at least a day to get the effects out of his system. Silly buggers."

Tilara grins. "It's not all mine. This is part of what we got for finding Lady Jane's weapons that Ferg stole."

Tilara finishes the counting and dumps the money back into the chest. "127 gold, 2 silver, and 9 copper. _How_ much did Jane give us?"

Yuri says, "100.I think it would be good to use part of Ferg's money to buy armor for Big Joe and the gang. They're going to need it. Jane's agreed to sell it at a discount."

Stormy nods, wide eyed. "So if I helped find lost stuff ... and I'm really very good at finding lost stuff ... I could make money?"

Tilara says, "Well, if you're good at it. And if something valuable's been lost. People won't pay a lot to retrieve a lost frying pan."

Starguard obeys quite complacently, and goes to looking at his fingers, then shakes his head. "Sorry, father. I'm...oooh, rainbows!" The sun shining through a bit of glass sprays color on the walls, drawing Starguard's rapt attention.

Yuri says, "She also gave that fancy rapier to my dad. I'm not sure what I'm going to do about that."

Stormy nods again, thoughtfully. "Maybe I could help Brother Starguard find his wits?"

Yuri murmurs to Father Pesci, "He's not dangerous or anything, is he?"

Tilara nods to Yuri. "Good idea. We were able to..." She sighs at Starguard. "We got through the business by offering them a deal. I think it's worth our while to outfit them."

father Pesci mutters back a "Probably not. Don't let him near the sharp objects. And maybe you should get that second bottle away from him ..."

Starguard cheers! "Yeah! To dogs and bandits! We're a mighty _hee_ adventuring party. Like the Feathers of the Falcon! The Friends or Foes! The Strange Colors on the Wall! Whee! Pretty!"

Father Pesci shrugs. "Ash? here's some money; will you get lunch? I don't think it's safe to light the fire today."

Yuri says, "It's going to be 96 gold in all. Pretty sizable chunk of the loot."

Starguard ooohs. "Fire. Dancing flames..." he grins, smiling at the memory.

Ash grabs it and goes, mumbling something about unreliable priests.

Yuri says, "Then again, it's all Ferg's money. Who knows where HE got it from."

Stormy grins at Brother Starguard. "I like fire too; and I'm beginning to get my control back. Would you like to see?"

Starguard blinks, looking at Stormy. "Noooo... Burning things is not good..."

Tilara winces. "NO, Stormy. Starguard does NOT want to see any fire right now."

Stormy sulks. "Oh. But it feels so ... so freeing ... when my hands don't itch any more.

Starguard grins. "Maybe if I scratch your hand it won't itch!" he tells Stormy, grinning.

Yuri says, "Do we have any idea what the sack or the feathers do?"

father Pesci looks over at Tilara. "All you need, young lady, is bed rest. Don't feed anything he prepares. And Starguard? Stay away from Stormy, there's a good bugger."

Tilara says, "Exactly, Yuri. We got off easy and didn't have to kill a bunch of folks whose only crime was to have listened to Ferg. We get 30 gold plus the recovery fees." She grins at Stormy. "You can go to it, Stormy. Just don't get Starguard involved until he's recovered.""

Starguard smiles. "The sack...it's bigger inside than outside! Holds lots and lots and lots...

Yuri looks puzzled. "Is he serious? Can you DO that with a sack?"

Starguard says, "The armor's really good, too! Better'n most of Jane's even. And that's pretty good."

Tilara says, "With that one you can, Yuri. They're called Bags of Holding. Extra-dimensional pocket inside."

Yuri hmms. "Well, we probably want to keep the sack, then. What about the feathers?

Yuri inspects the small ring and the belt, and Ferg's black leather outfits. "Wonder if he's got any hidden pockets..."

Starguard says, "Dunnoooo... Had the drink and now I can't think! Drink-think. It rhymes! Heehee!"

Yuri says, "I think we should probably hang onto this ring for now, and the magic stuff. The rest is probably better sold... unless it will fit in that bag."

Starguard says, "Wonder what Ferg did with the green jewel dagger. Pretty Berina will be coming by to ask, I think. Mmm. Pretty girl..."

Yuri just gapes at Starguard. "Don't let him outside. Please."

---

Edited by Will McDuff. Comments, questions, errors? E-mail him at [wmcduff@mac.com](mailto:wmcduff@mac.com).