When last we left our intrepid party Andreth was hanging from a rope, suspended over a booty-wearing boar, who was trapped at the bottom of a slide. But all was well, for the rope was not greased, and the boar responded to a simple 'Sit!' command.

Tilara peers down at the boar, taking in the shoes and its response. "It's either intelligent, or someone's trained it. This is ... most curious."

Humming to himself, Ash makes a brief suggestion to Starguard about the next step in this peculiar drama: "Tell whoever's out there we have his pig, and we wanna talk."

At the urging of Ash, Starguard calls out in Firstborn. "**We have your pig! We'd like to talk to you!**"

The boar, sitting on its haunches, looks worshipfully up, either at Andreth, or at the bag of mushrooms he's carrying. It's difficult to tell.

Tilara waits for a bit, and when there's no response, she clears her throat. "Do you want to go down with the mushrooms, Starguard? Maybe it'll lead us to its master."

Andreth doesn't take any chances. As they wait, he occasionally drops another mushroom whenever the boar looks a little too unhappy. "I 'ope we find its owner soonish. I'm gettin' tired o' hangin' around..."

Starguard looks down at the size of the pig, "No, not really. But if you think it will help..."

Starguard says, "Come on up, Andreth. Let's switch, then."

Starguard brings his finger to his lips, straining his ears. He hears something, very faintly...

You hear a dozen voices, all calling 'Over Here!', from a nearby tunnel.

You hear a loud chorus singing a common Marish nursery rhyme. It sounds distant.

Tilara looks at the others. "Now that's just strange."

Starguard says, "I think it's coming from down there." Starguard looks down the hole at Andreth, frowning.

The nursery rhyme repeats in the Trade language.

Ash shrugs a little. "Strange is our business, my friends. Let's go check it out, and leave our hosts to feed the tusker, shall we?"

Tilara shrugs. "Why not?"

The nursery rhyme repeats a third time, in Firstborn, and then ceases.

Starguard says, "That was absolutely creepy."

Tilara says, "The boar seems happy enough, though. Shall I go down first?"

Ash nods.

Ash shakes his head, coming to his senses. "Wait. I'll lead."

Tilara pauses as she's getting out her spell components. "All right..."

Ash leads the way, carefully advancing down the tunnels once his feet strike rock. Mindful of the grease and the great beast now behind him, he acts as point-man for his friends, bow at the ready, eyes searching the gloom beyond the radius of his light for whatever may lie ahead.

The strange chorus starts up again, repeating the same nursery rhyme in Marish.

Ash hums to himself quietly, turning and orienting himself to the sound. He begins stepping forward, mindful of his footing, wary of the darkness yonder. A few glances backward reassure him of the presence of his fellows, and so strengthened, he ventures still forward.

Ash kneels for a moment, inspecting the floor and the drops of wax thereon. He sniffs the air carefully, curious to know if the odor of burnt oil will meet his nostrils once he concentrates on it, before continuing down the tunnel.

As Ash stands back up, a thin line of light traces out a rectangle, stretching almost the width of the tunnel.

"Starguard," hisses Ash, glancing back over his shoulder and searching out the holy warrior and jerking his head sideways to indicate the peculiar pattern of light. "Know what this is?"

A loud voice speaks to you out of thin air, in Marish. "Hello? Who is that? Are you human? Get me out of this hole!"

The voice continues. "Hey! I'm down here! Look at the floor!"

Starguard says, "Hole? Who are you? Where are you?" He studies the floor, trying to stick a hand through the lighted area.

The floor appears to be solid under Starguard's touch, although moments later he hears dull thuds, as of rocks hitting ... rocks.

Ash calls out, "We looked at the floor and we touched it, it's rock. Are you there?"

The voice continues in the trade language. "Hello? Is someone up there? There's a pit down here! There's a trapdoor in the floor! Get me out!"

The voice continues its entreaties in the trade language. After maybe fifteen seconds, the voice changes character, becoming louder and deeper, and speaks the language of the Firstborn. "FOOLISH CREATURES! I AM A BEING OF POWER AND I DEMAND THAT YOU OPEN THIS PIT OR I WILL SMITE YOU ALL WITH MY WRATH!"

As Starguard leans forward, trying to decide what the light could have meant, the weight his hands is exerting on the floor grows heavier. Slowly, the floor begins to shift. As he feels the ground shifting underneath his hands, Starguard overbalances, falling forward. The floor kindly swings out of his way, depositing him in a dark deep pit. The floor is a looong way down.

As Starguard begins to Fall, Ash makes a heroic grab for his ankles. The paladin falls forward as the door swings quietly and efficiently out of the way, and then seemingly gathers speed as it swings back up, catching Starguard in the ribs. Bless the Twins for his armour, but he remains trapped in the now partially open trapdoor, which is trying very hard to close.

On the other hand, while down here, Starguard can see a disheveled looking character, carrying a large stick and slowly floating up towards him.

Zinzer says, "Good! Good! Excellent! Hold it right there for a moment! Just keep that slab for tilting back!"

Starguard grunts, the pressure of the stone considerable. "I'd rather if you hurry?" he manages, cursing the pain.

Zinzer reaches the lip of the pit. "That's not wide enough to get out... oh, dear. You do look like you're in a tough pinch."

Zinzer looks out through the trapdoor, seeing a sea of ankles. He sticks his hand out towards the set of ankles that look attached to the mightiest legs. "You!", he points. "Come over here! Got a job for you!"

The hand beckons impatiently. "Well, get on with it! I've been down here for weeks! And your friend is looking quite cramped!"

Starguard grunts, trying to get his hands on the edge, and give him at least a little breathing room...

Andreth cries out in surprise. "Ah!" Looking down, the hand doesn't seem quite so threatening. "Yes, what is it? If ye'll excuse me, I'm a-tryin' toa figger out how ta ge my own friend outta there," he says, kneeling down. "Got any ideas?"

Zinzer places his palm on Andreth's foot, and mutters something in an incomprehensible language.

Andreth blinks as a strangely familiar surge of energy rushes through him - though it has slightly different overtones than Starguard's divine magic. "Tilara, c'n ya feed me a spider? I don' wanna fall in meself..."

Zinzer positions himself to push Starguard, and himself, out of the pit, assuming the two large men can lift the slab. "Now, if you'd be so kind as to lift the slab, yes?"

Starguard says, "Careful, the counterweight is heavy..."

Tilara nods. "Sure thing! Here you are..." She feeds the monk the ingredient and casts her spider-foot spell on him. "Go for it."

Zinzer looks out through the gap, trying not to seem impatient.

Feeling stronger, and feeling the rock under his bare feet - after remembering just in time to take his shoes off - Andreth steps onto the trapdoor which immediately begins to swing back open again. Ash yanks Starguard out, rescuing him by pulling up and backwards with all his might while Andreth clings with hands and feet to the rapidly swinging trapdoor. Even with him still on it, the door swings back almost as rapidly as it did the first time, allowing Zinzer only moments to dart through the gap.

Zinzer darts up to the cieling, clinging to the bare rock, laughing the laugh of a madman. "HA! Out! At last I hvae escaped from that HORRIBLE pit! And now... now, I may once again taste something other than RAT!"

Andreth leaps off the trapdoor as it bounces up again, dusting himiself off. "Whoo. That was a close-un..." he mutters.

Starguard grunts, looking at a rather impressive dent in his armor across his chest. "For some closer than others..." He dusts himself off, looking a little worse for wear.

Zinzer continues to laugh insanely for a few moments, before regaining composure. "Now, then..." He floats down the hall, well away from the trapdoor, and falls to stand on his feet in the tunnel, facing his rescuers. "Now then," he repeats. "Who are you, and what are you doing down here?"

Tilara suppresses a momentary desire to tell this new acquaintance that we were going to have rat stew tonight, and instead introduces herself. "I'm Tilara, and we are, collectively, the White Company."

Zinzer says, "The White Company? ... I've never heard of you."

Tilara says, "We're not that famous yet. Who are you?"

Zinzer frowns, slightly. "I am Zinzer. I hail from Agla's Harbor, and it appears that I owe you a debt of gratitude. So for the time being, consider me your humble servant."

Starguard's eyebrow raises at the word 'humble' in spite of himself.

Zinzer notices Starguard's reaction. "'Humble' is not incompatible with 'obsequious'. Or 'irascible'."

Zinzer thinks a moment longer. "... well, OK, maybe it IS incompatible with obsequious. But there are many contradictions in this world. For it has been said that the opposite of simple truths are false, but that the opposite of great truths are also true. And is it not the greatest truth that I am an egomaniac?"

Ash asks, "then what is the simple truth behind you coming here?"

Andreth looks puzzled as he listens to this speech. "Uhhhh... what? I don' get it..."

Tilara snickers. "As if there's a simple explanation for why _we're_ here."

Starguard says, "Perhaps he's less complicated than we are. I'm sure that some people in this world aren't trying to turn kobolds into clerics."

Zinzer says, "I come in search of knowledge. I seek the entrances to the hidden places of the world and the secrets that the Gods hide from men. I've seen things that would drive an ordinary man mad! And yet still the deepest secrets elude me... did you know that it is rumored that Jurdah himself, built a great labyrinth, that stretches under all the parts of the world? Arcane runes telling the tales of all time are inscribed into the very living rock!"

Zinzer says, "And... they even say that there are men that live in those caves... that the maps of those tunnels are inscribed on their very skin, and that each member of the entire races bears some of the secrets on their faces! I know you don't believe me, but it's true! So many things I've seen. So many more left to see! And so I am here."

Ash nods slowly. "We met those guys. Nice enough fellows."

Zinzer says, "And... and... uhh.... WHAT?"

Tilara says, "Once you convince them not to steal your horses, anyway."

Starguard says, "A bit violent at the time, mind."

Ash nods, then gestures at the walls. "You saw a big rampaging boar come through here, by any chance?" he asks casually. "Or anyone else?"

Starguard says, "Have you heard anything about Samaela, and the new spire?"

Zinzer says, "I've seen nothing. I've eaten every living thing I've seen for three weeks."

Tilara says, "Well, the new spire's been going on a bit longer than that."

Zinzer says, "I think I would have remembered seeing a boar. On account of, boar tastes different from rat."

Zinzer thinks a moment, then steps a pace towards Ash, his eyes wide. "Wait - you have a BOAR? Where? Where?!!?"

Ash hmmms. "Well, we still seek whoever keeps a large boar as a pet, so that we can bring some difficult matters to a close. If you join us, perhaps we may learn more of what you've seen, and we in turn can tell you some of what we know."

Zinzer says, "Your offer is intriguing... so, this boar... is it, um... prepared?"

Ash chuckles. "It's prepared to gore anyone who approaches it," he remarks, glancing around the tunnels again. "However, if you are hungry, we'll return now to our hosts and see what can be done."

Zinzer says, "Yes... yes, let's do that... your hosts, I'm sure, know of hygeine. I wish to reaccquaint myself with the practice. And we should compare notes. The secrets of the world are so elusive. Perhaps you have knowledge that will fill in some gaps in my records."

Andreth nods. "Hope ya like mushrooms, though. They seem ta be what's on the menu down here."

Tilara can't resist, this time. "And rat."

Zinzer frowns at Tilara. "If that is so, madame, then I am now a vegetarian. Lead on, ye strange lot, and let your humble servant humbly serve you... something other than rat."

The party escorts its newest acquisition back through the tunnels, taking care to assess the exact status of the boar before it again makes its way up the rope one by one. While Starguard explains the situation to the kobolds, the others do their best to briefly explain recent history to this strange and unpredictable fellow.

Zinzer requests assistance from the kobolds in making himself feel human again. He dissapears for a time to bathe, trim his hair, and remove traces of rodent from his teeth.

Starguard takes the opportunity to run another lesson about the Stars and how best to pray effectively for their blessing, working carefully with his students.

Zinzer returns, looking considerably less dishelved and more sane, and still with an irascible undercurrent. He sits nearby and takes notes as Starguard lectures.

Zinzer waits until Starguard has finished lecturing, and then approaches him. "So... your 'White Company'... what brings you to these tunnels? You aren't from around here. You're from the Empire."

Zinzer says, "That's a long distance to travel just to search for someone's boar."

Starguard says, "Woolwich, actually. We're exploring to the north at the moment, and got sidetracked."

Zinzer says, "I see. Well, gratitude isn't in my nature. However, I will do my best to learn of it for you. I was exploring also when I fell into that damned hole. Some of these tunnels are the very fringes of one of those secret places - the runes on the walls are geneaology. If you believe in it, the parentage of all men alive can be traced through those caves back to the Gods."

Andreth's eyes widen. "So that's what they are..." he murmurs. "So... why was some of the writin' recent? Any ideas on that?"

Zinzer says, "This underground wilderness seems to be one of the thin places of the world, where the signs and symbols become mixed with everyday life. Those spires you'd mentioned - I have heard of them. I imagine they are similar things. Many of them were made by Jurdah, you know. It was... a hobby, I guess, for him."

Starguard nods. "I study such things, actually. The history of the Gods and the stories is of great interest to me, personally. And shepherding this small group around." He sighs, coughing a little. "Pardon me, I think I need to sit for a bit."

Zinzer nods, and sits also, thumbing through his notebook. "So, tell me, then... you've met Andvarri? Was it down here, or elsewhere?"

Starguard says, "It was on a trip down to the Captial, to find out about the new spire and the meaning of Samaela, written on it. We were guarding a caravan at the time, and they were trying to get an urgent message to the Emperor, and wanted our horses."

Zinzer's lips quirk in a smile that he hides poorly. "An urgent message to the Emperor? I see. I have fallen in with powerful people indeed."

Starguard says, "Not powerful. Just in the right place, I think. We've managed to survive so far, though."

Tilara glances at Andreth. "Mostly."

Starguard teaches a practical lesson in the evening, on the art of healing, and fortunately, some students in his class are particularly quick learners, healing the spellless paladin, and ensuring a restful night sleep. In the morning, he prays to the stars, asking for a particular spell before returning to where the boar rests.

Noticing the return of the mushrooms - and the people carrying them - the boar snuffles happily, still stuck at the bottom of the pit.

Starguard says, "Feed it a couple, Andreth, I'll cast the spell and hopefully it's in a good mood."

Zinzer peers down into the pit at the animal. "What kind of crazy person puts socks on a big pig?"

Tilara says, "That's what we're trying to figure out..."

Zinzer removes his notebook from his pack and starts flipping through it.

Andreth nods to Starguard, sliding down the rope and giving the giant swine a few more armfuls of mushrooms. "Good boy..." he says, belatedly wondering if 'boy' is accurate - but certainly not inclined to check.

Starguard calls upon the Stars to enchant his tongue and ears, giving him the gift of tongues. "Hey down there, are you alright?"

"Mushrooms. Yummy mushrooms. I smell mushrooms." The boar nudges at Andreth's hands, looking for more ...

Starguard says, "Who normally gives you mushrooms? You can have more if you tell us." He signals Andreth to hold on to the bribe for a moment...

Andreth raises an eyebrow at Starguard's gesture. "Easy for ya to say, y'arent down 'ere with 'im," he remarks, but without much heat, and closes his pack again, waiting for the creature's response.

"Mistress. Mistress feed ... Nice mistress." The boar's voice turns soft.

Starguard says, "Give 'em one. _Mistress? What does mistress look like. Light hair?_"

Zinzer makes an entry in his journal. _Labyrinth of Tales, Day 51. Watched strange fellows I met yesterday talk to giant pig. Giant pig appears to be in talkative mood._

The boar snuffles at Andreth's hand. "Pale hair. Pale eyes. Glow in dark; mushroom."

Andreth feeds the boar another mushroom as directed. "Here y'go, boy," he says, carefully and non-threateningly petting the boar's head.

Zinzer says, "So... umm... think you can convince it to take us to its leader, or something?"

Starguard says, "_Will you take us to your mistress?_"

The boar moves forward under Andreth's hand, emphasizing how tall it is, as it's shoulder comes to Andreth's sternum. It ... it snuffles quite happily, and nudges for another mushroom. "Yes. Mushrooms. Take mistress. Mistress like."

Starguard nods, turning to the party. "It'll lead us to it's mistress, as long as we keep a decent supply of mushrooms going. Should we?"

Zinzer pulls a small ring out of his pack and tucks it under a boulder. _So we can find our way back here._

Heading back out, packs loaded with mushrooms, the party follows the newly liberated boar back to its mistress.