The White Company stands in the study of the Lady Achmadina, which seems to take on more signs of violence and combat every day. Most recently, the fight with the figure of molten brass has taken its toll both on the furniture and the adventurers. The chests, save for the one that hid the brass man, remain in the crawlspace under the floor, exposed by the pyroclasm unleashed in an earlier attempt to probe the chamber.

Tilara steps cautiously back into the room, now that the brass man is gone. "Let's get them out of here now that he's gone, shall we?"

Starguard says, "Careful. That was just one trap. Achmadina didn't seem to work in ones when in came to traps."

Zinzer stands close to the door, back to a wall, looking shaken and scorched. "You assume he's the only one? How did you lot ever last this long?"

"We seem to have encountered no difficulty moving them, aside from the guardian," observes Ash. "Starguard is correct. Let us be sure of what we have before we take it to a place we'll feel safer."

Tilara says, "The next trap will probably be based on opening the chests, if she follows true to form."

Zinzer pulls a needle and thread out of his pack and expertly begins patching together the rags that this adventure has left him with. "There was no sign of the guardian before moving the first chest, and we've only moved one. There might be anything under the others."

Zinzer says, "So... how do we calculate this risk?"

It may be foolish, but Ash volunteers for the duty of opening the chests. Thus far, despite the traps, he has remained remarkably intact, in spite of the befuddling enchantments that have befallen his comrades. Thus armed with confidence, he speaks. "I'll open them, myself. I've done pretty good so far, all things considered. Unless someone else wishes to try."

Starguard raises an eyebrow. "Heck no. That sort of recklessness is for the young."

Tilara says, "I'm trying to remember what Yuri taught me about picking locks... are they locked?"

Zinzer says, "No desire to compete with you for that duty, lad. But I'll do what I can for you if it goes foul."

Ash shrugs. "How about I try to open them, and if they don't budge, they're locked?" he suggests. "Now, please make room.."

Stormy, standing in the background, quietly casts mage armour on himself and on the two girls. It's not much, but ...

Starguard says, "Just as some defense against what might happen..." Starguard calls the power of the Stars, creating a chill barrier around Ash. "You might need it."

Tilara says, "Watch your fingers. Ferg would have poison-needle traps."

Zinzer says, "She did seem to have a love for pyrotechnics. Makes me wonder what her style of magic was."

Ash approaches the chests cautiously. There are no obvious locks, and when he prods one lid, it opens easily. Inside he sees a pile of glittering coins. Opening a second, he finds more coins. In the third, coins. These are a paler metal, unlike the golden coins in the first two. And in the last chest? Jade disks.

Carefully drawing his scabbarded sword out and holding it in both hands, Ash gently prods the contents of each chest in turn, wriggling the sheathed blade into the contents. He's not quite so foolish as to stick his hand inside, whatever appearances suggest.

The coins shift under the prodding, clinking richly.

Finally, the swordsman dares to reach his hands into the piles of loot, still fearful of the consequences. As an added precaution, he calls out clearly, describing his actions in case of immediate mishap. The lineage of the Lady and her magics and habits has clearly been one steeped in paranoia, and Ash drains some of that bitter cup himself as he acts with caution.

Zinzer frowns mightily. "This is too easy."

Ash draws back, wiping his brow. He turns, shaking his head, at the remark of the distant wizard. "No, this was easy, having bested the true guardian of the chests. I think that barring any unusual and perhaps extreme precautions laid on the chests, we can be sure they aren't immediately a threat."

Zinzer raises a hand and mutters, tracing a pattern in the air with his fingers.

Zinzer prods his staff into the piles of coins, just as Ash did with his sword, attempting to stir up any arcane energies in the pile of treasure. Cautiously at first, but then faster, always frowning. After a few minutes, having checked each chest, Zinzer withdraws his staff and leans on it. "Hmmph. Nothing. Just a big pile of money. How... pedestrian."

Tilara says, "That seems to be that. Gold... are those jade? Who uses jade money? And this one ... doesn't look like silver, does it?"

Tilara reaches into the chest of pale coins and hefts them. "Definitely not silver. This stuff is heavier than gold."

Andreth scratches his head. "Well, she said she usedta be part o' a larger society o' her kind. Mebbe this is what they use fer money."

Back in the throne room, Starguard plays Deuces Wild with Stormy and the girls. "You're really getting good, Stormy. The practice is really paying off..."

Zinzer fingers a few of the coins, nervous about touching them with bare skin. "Gold... jade... some kind of platinum allow... a fortune. You could buy a town for this much. And of no mint I've ever seen, and believe me, I've seen most of them."

Zinzer says, "In fact, before today... I would have said I'd seen all of them."

Zinzer says, "If this is what they use for money, Andreth, she must have robbed a kingdom. Or they're all fantastically wealthy."

Twirling the coin between his fingers, Zinzer shows Tilara both sides of the coin. On the one side, three spiky feathers. On the other, a crown. Either side could represent a god, or a goddess; the crown is certainly spiky enough, and reminds him of something, while the feathers ... might not be feathers? The jade disks in contrast, are utterly smooth.

Tilara says, "So, we've got some of her books, at least, and we've found her stash of money. Let's check out the rest of this. She ought to have spell components stored around here somewhere, and where's that brazier Zinzer saw her using?"

Andreth nods quietly to Ash. "I'll go see how everyone else is doin'. Yell when ye need me ta carry the chests," he says, and wanders back to the main room to watch the card game.

Tilara checks over the things on the table. "Ah, there's the brazier. Candles... what else is here?"

Zinzer ponders the contents of the table. "I saw her... through the spell. She was burning something in the brazier."

Zinzer says, "Can anyone ask the piggies if they remember? Maybe they might be able to point out the relevant components of the spell."

Tilara says, "Probably feathers. We've seen that before."

Ash watches quietly, his eyes and ears open as he pays attention to the doings of the party's more mystic-minded members. Not for nothing has he spent much of his life listening to the wiser around him, and now he quietly avails himself of another opportunity.

Ash's diligent attention pays off, as he spies a green stone in the pommel of a dagger. "Hey," he calls, uncertainly, surprise grinding the polish from his diction for a moment. "Ain't that somethin' there?" He points for emphasis.

Tilara looks over in Ash's direction. "Bozhemoi. That can't be the Elk Dagger, but... I wonder if it's the one that Berina lost?"

Holding the dagger cautiously, Zinzer looks at it carefully. He traces out the runes, still somewhat surprised and relieved when they don't explode. On one side, the runes read "Shield", on the other side "Companion". Both with symbols he's sure he's seen before. Somewhere. Sometime. Putting the dagger down carefully, he starts leafing through his journals. Finding the entry he was looking for he begins t vibrate with excitement. "Yes! Ancient! Excellent!" He pauses, staring starstruck at the dagger.

Tilara raises an eyebrow. "Enlighten us, please? What is it?"

Zinzer says, "What is it? What IS it?!!?"

Tilara grins. "I asked you first."

Zinzer says, "It's a Dagger of Succession, that's what it is!"

Tilara says, "Succession to what?"

Zinzer says, "Forged by Merial herself for the shield-maidens of the Sisterhood of Companions!"

Zinzer says, "Could Achmadina have been one of them? But... they were all supposed to have died in the Great War!"

Tilara says, "In which case, someone got to loot their bodies, right? Who knows how it got here... what do they do?"

Andreth pokes his head in. "Merial? What's this 'bout Merial?" he asks excitedly. Apparently the card game had proved less than illuminating as well, so he'd decided to return. Just at the right moment, it turns out.

Zinzer says, "Merial... this dagger was forged by the hands of that Goddess... or so they say. I've never been convinced that they're real. Really real. I mean, sure, the Gods are out there, but you don't really get to meet them... or even hold their artifacts."

Zinzer holds the dagger up carefully for Andreth to inspect. "Shield and Companion. The two words together indicate the Sisterhood."

Tilara glances to Andreth, a look of amusement in her eyes. "Well, _most_ people don't get to meet them."

Andreth steps into the room, regarding the dagger with awe. "Can't say as I blame ye, me friend. I dunno if I _really_ believed meself, afore I met Merial." He tilts his head, still breathing slowly. "By her own hand, ye say?" he says, raising his own hand to his cheek.

Zinzer says, "Yes... it's unclear to me if there were many of these daggers, or if this was the only one... the Companions were marked in a ceremony..."

Zinzer stops. "Achmadina's body. We have to inspect it. And maybe do something else about it, it's been two days, she might be getting... ripe."

Zinzer says, "If she is a Companion she'll be marked."

Zinzer says, "And if not, we should probably put her to rest at last. It's not right to let her stew, even a dangerous and evil person as her."

Tilara nods. "You know what the mark should look like?"

Zinzer says, "A scar across her palm. Very deep, and very obvious."

Andreth rubs his chin. "I wonder what Berina wanted o' this. Mebbe just power, like so many people Or mebbe she had somethin' broader in mind. Bringin' back the Sisterhood, mayhap?"

Tilara thinks back on Achmadina. "I don't remember that she had a scarred palm. She probably wasn't one of them. You did say that they were supposed to be extinct, didn't you?"

Zinzer says, "Remind me again, who is this Berina you speak of? And what would she be doing bringing back a Sisterhood? I gather you've heard of this dagger before?"

Zinzer says, "Yes. Defeated in the War. I would expect, based on their reputation, that they would have fought to the last and died fighting."

Andreth says, "Berina? I never met 'er meself, but Starguard though she were a pretty dangerous sorta woman. Hired us ta find this very dagger, way back when. Said she thought Ferg'd stolen it." He rubs his chin. "I wonder if Ferg sent it ta the Lady 'ere. She seems like the sorta person 'e'd work with."

Tilara says, "We were once asked to find a dagger matching this description. We didn't find it then, and this might not be the same one, if there were more than one of Merial's daggers. Berina is a rather important woman back at the Citadel - involved in some rather convoluted intrigues, as far as we can tell. She wanted it. It would not surprise me to learn that she was interested in restarting the Sisterhood."

Zinzer says, "Curious." He places the dagger on the table carefully. "I wonder what else she might have on these shelves. It seems clear that she's involved with some of your foes. Or at least, those mysterious persons you run afoul of so often."

Tilara looks pensive. "I wonder how long Achmadina has had it..."

Zinzer says, "A few months? I think in her hands any amount of time would be long enough to cause trouble, don't you?" He draws a knife from his pack, and pokes curiously at the boxes on the shelves, reading the labels.

Zinzer puts his knife away. "Will someone aid me with the carpet? It seems to have some dweamor on it. It may be part of her communication spells."

Tilara says, "Oh? Hmm. Let's find out." She walks over to look at it with the wizard.

Zinzer kneels by the carpet, fingers steepled, thinking.

Andreth regards the dagger contemplatively. "Well... I think mebbe we have somethin' ta go on now, as regards where mama pig's babies went. Whoever Berina 'n Ferg 've been workin' with... an' Berina runs a school, if I'm rememberin' correctly. Mebbe she's got some... _unusual_ students."

Zinzer says, "A fifth tribe of changers? The Swine?"

Zinzer seems like he might be joking, but if so, he takes little amusement at his own jest.

Tilara inspects the carpet. "Doesn't look even slightly dirty." She grins. "What if the aura is because she put a dirt-repelling spell on it?"

Andreth shrugs. "I dunno. Mebbe. Or mebbe she just wanted a tribe o' bein's ta control." He shakes his head. "But the piggies belong with their mama. An' as soon as we get back ta Citadel, I aim ta find 'em."

Zinzer says, "I don't know. I think she might have either used it as a surface to inscribe ritual runes on... and she wants it to clean up after itself. You know anybody who likes very clean, very red fabric?"

Tilara blinks at a thought. "Bozhemoi. Yes."

Tilara says, "The ones who kidnapped Stormy, back in Citadel."

Zinzer stands. "The threads of your story come together in a way that is at once fascinating and terrifying... and incomprehensible. If I recall your stories correctly, your answers lie back in the Citadel of the Great Emperor Glia-Gulmeshki." He grins a wild, manic grin. "Aren't we all so _very_ lucky to be _here_?"

Tilara grins at Zinzer. "We can get a message to him quickly enough if we absolutely have to. D'you think this dagger is that important?"

Andreth turns to Zinzer, eyeing the crimson carpet. "We're here. But there's a way we c'n contact 'em there. Or at least someone who can." He nods to Ash. "What time o'day is it, d'ye think? I lose all track in these tunnels."

Ash shrugs helplessly. "I'm no caver."

Andreth nods. "Well, _someone'll_ be up. I bet Liowen won't be happy if'n we wake 'im up, but 'e'll just have ta deal with it. An' 'e can always tell us ta call back. This is important, but it ain't important enough it can't wait till mornin." He pauses. "Prob'ly."

Zinzer shrugs. "You tell me what's important. You're the professional heros. I'm just a humble teacher and worker of gems."

Tilara says, "And fixer of pigs. For which I thank you again. I've gotten too used to having hands and wearing clothes to be comfortable changing."

Tilara says, "Liowen won't be too upset if we tell him we don't need to speak to the Abbot."

Zinzer makes an overblown bow to Tilara. "Anytime."

Tilara says, "Actually... I think this does warrant passing along to Citadel. The carpet, the dagger, and the connection to the feather-mages. Maybe Citadel has some information that would help sort it out."

Andreth says, "Yeah, I think so too. But we don't 'ave ta talk right to the Abbot, unless 'e thinks it's worth talkin' ta us."

Zinzer wanders out of the study and into the Throne Room, for lack of a better term, to inspect the tapestries and check on the youngsters.

Starguard has a small pile of chips in front of him as they play another hand. The kids, you note, have larger piles.

Arguing over the flip of a card, the two young girls are oblivious. Stormy is watching them, a smile on his face.

Tilara nods. "Exactly my thought. Pass this on to the message-watch, talk to Liowen if he's up, but reassure him that the Abbott doesn't need to be woken."

Zinzer grins at the sight when he is sure nobody is watching, and turns to inspect the tapestries... a slow danger, to be sure, but one that should not be ignored indefinitely.

Moving with a purpose, the White Company carries the chests to the surface, where they are left for a moment. The crystal is brought out, and Liowen is awake when the call is put through. The finds are explained, including the dagger. Liowen seems curiously uninterested, but promises to have some of the younger monks check in the Library. Personally, he's convinced the Sisterhood was disbanded centuries ago, and hence cannot possibly be relevant.

As the party heads back up to the surface, with chests and the body Achmadina, Starguard quickly ties up loose ends. He reassures the pigs that they will return with their piglets, and the kobolds that the problem of the pigs is not only dealt with, but they might make good allies. Then the giant couple are as well reassured that the kobolds will no longer be a trouble, and will dig back down.

Zinzer doesn't quite understand why he's doing so, but he sees to it that Achmadina is buried with ceremony and honor. With the help of the others, a grave is dug in a tunnel not far from her lair. Her remains are wrapped in cotton, and Zinzer inspects her palms carefully during the preparations. Finally, she's lowered into the excavation, and the grave is filled in silence.

Starguard sighs. "Rest in peace, Achmadina. For our sake, if no-one elses."

Zinzer erects a metallic plate, engraved in Firstborn and Flatlander both with a simple legend : 'Grave of Achmadina - Mother To Her Children - Argue with her means, but not with her intentions'.

With the giant's promise of aid, the horses are retrieved too, and carried up to the top of the plateau. After a day of rest, the party now returns to their original journey, as they seek out Samaela's tomb. The days follow one after another, as the party presses deeper into the mountains, following one valley after another.

One morning, after about a seven day's worth of travel, Starguard is preparing the morning breakfast when he feels heat behind him. A blow fells him from behind, smashing him into the cooking fire, and a second blow is quick to follow the first.

Starguard yells out in shock at the first punch, the second flattening him. Weakly rolling away, his hands up to protect himself he yells to rouse the party, calling on the stars for aid!

His hands uncurling, fingers twisting a little, the efreeti brings forth a wall of fire, hot enough to roast the party. The wall travels around the campsite, trapping the entire White Company inside it.

The heat wafts and billows forth from the wall, bathing everyone in its red hot glow.

Tilara swears as her familiar rouses her with an urgent yowl. "What the...?" She looks around, peering through the heat-haze for their assailant. "You again?" She sends a trio of magical bolts at him. "Someone help Starguard, he looks bad!"

Tilara yelps as the flames flare up in front of her, and her spell fizzles in midcast. The guttural syllables of magic give way to those of profanity.

Ash reacts immediately, dashing to Starguard's side. He grabs hold of the potion hanging at Starguard's belt, uncorks it and applies it as quickly as practically possible to the downed priest.

Zinzer stands and, by uncanny ability, guesses the direction of the burning man. His spell-casting motions are usually deliberate; this time, he's hurried to a blur and harried so that his voice sounds like a shriek. At the height of the spell, hailstones from the size of rice grains to golfballs fall from the sky, crashing into the fiery wall. A growl of anger is heard from beyond.

Andreth doesn't wait for the wall to go down, but plunges through it. A terrible cry of pain issues from his throat as the intense flames sear him, warning his companions of the danger that awaits them if they follow. Shaking off the flames, he turns to his glowing foe and swings a roundhouse kick at him - but the pain disrupts his _ki_ and the blow hardly makes a dent in the efreet's formidable hide.

Following Zinzer's lead, as he sees the wall hiss and burn, Stormy holds out his hand, pointing. A ray of frost bursts forth, and sizzles as it comes in contact with the flames; flames that are only slightly weakened.

After punching Andreth, once, in the stomache, the Efreeti pauses, grinning. His hands are, for the moment, not wreathed in flames. Rathis, he's waiting, watching the wall, much like a cat, playing with his mice.

Tilara growls and concentrates, this time punching her bolts of magical energy through the wall of flame and hitting the creature beyond.

Uncaring of the inferno raging around him, Ash draws his bow, rising from Starguard's side, and draws a pair of arrows, firing one before nocking the other. Both strike, and both are proof of the creature's supernatural toughness in spite of the warrior's strength of arm.

Zinzer repeats the same spell, equally frenetic, and the rain of hail continues.

Seeing the flames, Stormy begins to look worried. The ice is helping, but not enough. Perhaps if he focuses just a little harder ...

The Efreeti watches the flames, smiling a little. Then a few words - arcane syllables Tilara and Zinzer have heard before and recognize - and suddenly he seems to fade into nothingness. A last laugh, and he's gone.

Tilara wastes several seconds swearing at the creature, then sighs. "Only one way out, unless someone has a flight spell?"

She pulls out a healing potion. "Get the girls and Stormy out, then, Zinzer. I'm afraid the rest of us will have to go through it." She mrrowls at her familiar _Go with him - he can get you over it, and you'll not survive going through_, drinks the potion and charges at the wall.

Zinzer stops Starguard before he can make his toss. "Let me do that part, Brother. Get yourself out!"

Starguard goes to the girls. Unconcious, he can do little other than lay his hands on them, healing them as much as possible before giving them to Zinzer to get the heck out of here. "I'm fine, Zinzer. The stars protect me. Hurry! Go!"

Tilara staggers through the wall of flame, and collapses on the far side, moaning in pain, but still alive.

Zinzer grasps the two girls around the waist, thankful that they are light. His spell is cast with barely a mutter, but internally, he says a prayer. _I never pray - an old grouch like me has little need of favors from the Gods. But these two, deserve better than I. If not for me... then for them!_

Zinzer's prayers go unanswered. He fails to lift even an inch. Instead, he wraps his wool blanket around his two human parcels and prepares to run through the flames. _Have it your way, then._

Angrier than ever, his expression set in cold, hard lines, Stormy throws every bit of his essence at the wall, his hands held wide, icicles shooting forth from his fingers. Icicles that strike where the ice storm struck; hissing, melting, but finally burning - or should that be freezing - an opening in the wall.

Stormy, having expended the last of his energy, collapses on the ground.

Starguard thanks the Heavens for Stormy's last spell, and grabs the lad as he falls. "Out, out, OUT!" he yells, pulling Stormy through the hole in the wall and into the cool area beyond.

Tilara moans again, her face and hands scorched by the flames, and slowly opens another potion bottle, drinking it gratefully. Her skin heals as she drinks it, and she looks around to see who else has made it out.

Again, Ash rushes to the aid of a companion. Burned but alive, he uncaps Andreth's potion and pours the life-giving liquid down the man's gullet.

Andreth chokes as the potion passes his lips, sitting up on his scorched elbows. "Gods, I never want to do that again..." He scans his surroundings. "Where is he? Everyone else get out?"

"He may still be here," grates Ash.

Zinzer smacks his heels together, activating his Boots of Supreme Cowardice. He hauls both girls up on his shoulders and charges for the gap Stormy made, staggering under his burden, but making up for it with the magic of his footwear.

Zinzer doesn't stop running until he's well clear of the flames, and then quickly unwraps the two young Changer girls to check their health. "Starguard! If you would!"

Tilara says, "I doubt it. He'd have pounced on us by now if he was. That illegitimate offspring of a snake and a cheese mite ran as soon as we started to hurt him."

Zinzer sets the girls down, and then realizes he forgot his pack.

Zinzer clinches his eyes shut. "I'm a fool. And I know it." He drinks his healing potion, then runs back through the gap in the firewall to recover his pack, and whatever other items come to hand.

Zinzer zooms back out of the flames a moment later, carrying a number of backpacks, sacks, and other loose items. He stops again, some distance away, and stands there, panting, without dropping any of it... without really doing anything at all, except standing there looking like he's stared six kinds of death in the face.

Tilara paces, waiting for the fire to die down so they can assess the losses. "He'll be back. Tomorrow, we sleep spread out more. Two on watch at all times. And camp on water's edge if possible - not the usual way, but in this case it has advantages."

Tilara says, "Zinzer, can you tell us anything about our hot-blooded enemy? Anything in those lore-books of yours?"

Andreth mutters ironically, "What'd we ever do to him?" and sighs, shaking his head.

Zinzer turns his head slowly to Tilara, the look of shock still on his face. "Back? BACK? Are you mad? We barely survived it the first two times we ran into it! How in the Six Hells of the are we supposed to live like this?"

Starguard says, "Dispel him, perhaps?" he asks, pointedly, before moving to the girls and returning them to health. "The difference, is, Zinzer, we'll be waiting. I suspect he'd love to pick you off along, should you prefer."

Zinzer drops the items he's been carrying, his voice almost breaking. "What do you THINK it is? It's a bloody FIRE-DEMON with a grudge against us!"

Tilara's voice remains almost icily calm. "Aye. It is. I propose we be ready for it the next time, rather than run and hide and hope it's content with that. Personally, I don't think it will leave us alone unless we give it a good reason to."

Andreth nods to Tilara. "An' from the look of it, the only good reason I c'n think of is that we send it back where it came from. Looks like we got our work cut out."

Tilara nods. "Or we kill it. We came close the first time, I believe. This time it left quickly - so it does fear us, to some extent. It knows we can hurt it. I suspect that as a fire-creature, the ice was hurting it badly."