Game Log: Chapter 17 - Wolves!


----------------------------------

_

The campsite is quiet, the fire banked and glowing lightly. Starguard alone is awake, keeping careful watch. He hears a rustling in the bushes, and as he stands up to investigate, he is rushed by two wolves. The first is going for his throat, the second, his hamstrings.

_

Both wolves jump past Starguard, somehow misjudging distance. Something wolves are not prone to do.

Starguard yelps as he swipes wildly with his mace, his blow lucky, connecting solidly into the side of the wolf. "**Wolves!**" he shouts. "Get up! Get up!"

Two more wolves come rushing out of the bushes. One bites at Stormy's throat, almost waking him. But Stormy slumps, unconscious. The other wolf sinks his teeth deep into Andreth's calf.

Andreth roars as the wolf's teeth sink into his calf. Rising to a crouch, he whirls and drives his other foot hard into the wolf's side.

Tilara wakes rapidly at Starguard's yell and the wolves growls, rolling to her feet and grabbing her quarterstaff. Her eyes go wide as she sees the wolf attacking the youngster and she swings wildly at it. She misses, but yells at it, hoping to distract it from the kid before it's too late.

The wolf, trying to take out Starguard's throat, rears up again, exposing his belly for any blow. But his jaws snap shut on air.

Yuri awakens quickly and sees an opportunity to strike the wolf attacking Firestorm. He picks up his rapier and drives it into the wolf's side.

Ash stumbles groggily awake, reaching for his massive weapon to take a swing at the wolf attacking the dim shape he recognizes as his campmate. Unfortunately he's not fully awake yet, and the blade swings wide.

Starguard stiffens as the wolf sinks his teeth into his calf, but his chainmail holds. A second swipe connects with the other wolf, keeping him away from his throat for another moment. "I could use some help out here!" he calls, the sounds from under the tarp signifying that the party has their hands full.

The two wolves in the campsite snarl at their attackers, sinking their teeth into Andreth's and Tilara's calves, respectively. Blood begins to drop onto the ground.

Andreth focuses past the pain of his second bite, and delivers a powerful punch to the side of the wolf's head, sending it sprawling.

Tilara yelps as the wolf bites her leg and whips the quarterstaff around in a solid blow to its head. It yelps in turn, and she calls to the cleric. "Stormy's been hurt bad, Star! He's bleeding from his throat!"

Yuri tries to drive his rapier deeper into the wolf's flank, but slips and loses his opportunity.

Ash leaves the not-so-comforting shelter of the tarp and lunges at one of the wolves attacking Starguard outside; still no luck, though, but he might have drawn its attention with the sword swinging over its head.

Starguard uses Ash's distraction well as the wolf at his hamstring dodges Ash's sword, and the other is met by another solid blow from his morning star. The wolf crumples, bleeding from it's eyes and mouth.

The wolf faces Andreth, snarling, lips pulled back. He darts in, snaps at Andreth's calf, and backs out again, trying to maintain a little distance. The other wolf snaps at Tilara, biting her in the calf again. She stumbles, and goes down, her calf bleeding freely as a strip of skin has been pulled completely loose.

Andreth hears the cry from Tilara, and turns, just in time to see her go down. "Tilara!" he yells, kicking wildly at the wolf poised over her.

Mirra, looking down from the tree she fled into, miaows plaintively. _Pain_

Yuri sees that Stormy's wolf has moved off of him, and uncorks a healing potion into Stormy's mouth. _Hang in there, kid._

Tilara is nearly unconscious, but is still weakly trying to fend off the wolf attacking her.

Ash takes another swing, but misses once again. Obviously not a morning person.

The other wolf bites again, at the unprotected back of Starguard's knee this time, biting deep, cutting in, blood coming out. Yelling, he staggers back, he swipe missing as the wolf worries his knee, Ash's sword also going wide as the fighter tries not to hit the cleric.

The two wolves, having downed Tilara, converge on Andreth. One jumps for his throat, biting deep, while the other hamstrings him. Andreth collapses into a liquid puddle of blood and gore, a last breath rattling out through his windpipe.

Yuri is rattled by seeing Andreth fall, and fails to follow through on his attack.

Ash bites deep at last, having awakened from his stupor. His plains-made greatsword guts the nearest wolf with a satisfying sound.

Ash's hit knocks the wolf right under Starguard's descending morning star. With a sickening crack, the wolf's head splits, crushed, blood and gore spurting out everywhere.

The two wolves, abandoning Andreth, advance on Yuri. The first makes a feint for his throat, and misses. The second goes for the hamstring again, trying to trip him. The jaw snaps around Yuri's calf, but Yuri manages to wrench his leg loose and remain standing.

Yuri screeches, "Gaah! You mangy CUR!", and rams his rapier solidly down the wolf's throat.

The wolf falls, bleeding from the wound.

Ash is still a little unnerved by the savage attack, and yet again his swing goes wide.

Yuri says, "Brother! Andreth's hurt really bad! He needs help!"

Yuri goes to Andreth's side and tries to find Andreth's healing potion while avoiding hysterics.

Starguard runs into the tent, wincing as his knee twinges, but brings his morning star down on the last of the wolves, and it too, crumples, not to rise. Searching the tent, he sees the mess that the wolves made of his young friend and blanches. "Stars!" He falls to his knees placing his hands on the young monk...but the spark of life that he tends with his healing spells has already faded, a burnt star. "It's...it's no use, Yuri. It's beyond my power, or that of the potions. He's dead."

Ash's sword clatters to the ground as he takes a step back. "This isn't right," he mutters to himself, glancing about as though waiting for something else to step out of the darkness.

Yuri sits down, hard, from shock.

Yuri says, "Ash? How hurt are you?"

Starguard's military training takes over, and he covers the body, quickly looking to the rest. This is triage. The most injured...Tilara's wounds are the worst of those remaining. Approaching her, he calls forth the stars to help those who are able to still receive the aid.

Ash peers down for a moment in self-inspection. "I'm fine," he manages. "Worry about those who need it."

Tears run down the sorceress' face even as her body knits back together under the magic, and she realizes what has happened. "Andreth? Is Stormy still with us, Starguard?"

Ash gives one of the wolves a savage kick, the one that had attacked Starguard's calves. "The leader here," he snarls, "decided we were prey. That's not natural. Something's very much wrong here."

Starguard turns to Stormy, worried at Tilara's comment, his eyes dry yet... "He's just unconscious, thank the stars. He'll be fine..."

Yuri says, "These are lean times. Perhaps that drove them to attack us?"

Stormy sits up, one hand massaging his still bloodied throat. "What happened?"

Yuri stares at Andreth's body, trying to recall any stories he's heard about powerful healing magic.

Yuri looks over at Tilara and judges the look on her face. _Can she handle Stormy right now?_

Starguard's hands come to rest on Yuri's leg, breaking his thought for a moment, his soft prayers causing his hands to glow once more, wounds knitting under his words.

Tilara pulls herself back together as Stormy sits up. "We had some wolf troubles, Stormy. I didn't think they usually attacked human camps. Andreth ... didn't make it."

Ash composes himself, then reaches down to retrieve his massive, bloodied blade. "I still don't like it," he says simply. "There'll be more attacks."

Yuri mouths to Tilara, 'Outside!'

Tears flow down Stormy's cheeks, making clear channels down the mud and debris. "He ... he didn't? Andreth? But he was invincible!"

Starguard sees lastly to his bleeding knee, his chant echoing again, finally allowing himself to relax, and grieve. "There's hope, still. Get all of him. Every piece. The spirit is still connected to the form for nine days yet. But we need all of him, and a powerful priest."

Yuri nods... "Ash, will you help me make a litter out of the tarp? And a... shroud... bag... something to keep him together.

Tilara sits beside her young protege, putting an arm around his shoulders. "None of us are invincible, I'm afraid. And there were a lot of wolves - " She looks up at Starguard's comment. "You think so? D'you really think there's a chance?"

Yuri says, "I think we need to sit down and make a decision here."

Ash slings his blade and nods, getting to work immediately. The peace of sleep has fled him for the night; all that's left is labor, and silence.

Yuri takes out a dagger and his silk rope, and helps Ash with the grim task.

Yuri says, "What about Brother Oak, or anyone at the big temple? Would they know how?"

Stormy leans into Tilara's shoulder. "Why ... why? I don't ... and I couldn't even fight!"

Starguard nods. "A slim one. There were such cases of officers in the army... It requires the most powerful of priests, and the whole body."

Starguard says, "Even if they have someone strong enough at the Muirwen, we couldn't afford it. The best choice is to press on, and hope..." He shakes his head. "Does anyone know how to skin? The pelts might be worth something, and we'll need money for Andreth."

Yuri turns to the others. "We signed the Articles, to provide healing to our comrades. We have a decision to make. If we're to heal Andreth, it will be a hard journey for all of us - and especially for him. I can't imagine the Gods giving him back to us lightly. Or we can let him rest in peace. What say we?"

Starguard says, "We have to try, Yuri. He was just a lad..."

Yuri looks to Ash and Tilara.

Ash mutters, "If he wishes to rest in peace, he'll rest no matter how we call him back. But the effort must be made."

Tilara says, "Should have thought of this possibility before. But ... yes, we have to try. Healing is healing. If the Gods won't give him back, that's their decision... but if they might, we have to try."

Yuri says, "Alright. We're less than a day from town. If we go back and get a cart, some good horses, it will be faster than trying to push on as we are."

Yuri says, "I know neither skinning nor healing, so I propose that I run back to town and obtain those items for us, then come back here. We'll have to do some hard marching to have any chance."

Ash says, "Someone should go with you, Yuri."

Yuri says, "Probably. Who can afford to go with me?"

Yuri says, "Ash, you might be the best choice. There'll be enough firepower left here between Tilara, Stormy, and Starguard to keep Andreth safe."

Ash nods slowly. "Alright. Let's make this quick."

Tilara says, "I hope so. I think we need to sleep in the trees tonight."

Stormy looks up. "We're going to sleep right next to dead wolves? Won't that ... attract scavengers?"

Starguard says, "I...I need to pray. I'd help but..." He moves off, to be by himself as the dawn begins to break on this new day."

Tilara says, "We're not going to sleep right here, Stormy. We'll skin the wolves and move up the road a bit."

Stormy nods, and begins to back up the road.

After a quick discussion, the party decides to split, Ash and Yuri heading back to town to get horses and a cart, Starguard, Yuri, and Stormy staying behind to move the camp, see to Andreth's body, and skin the wolves. The cost comes up, and Starguard gives up his magic chain mail to pawn if Yuri has to, before the two young men head back to Woolwich, moving quickly.

Yuri and Ash, the latter carrying the precious chainmail, hotfoot it back for Woolwich, alternating between a quick walk and a run. Once the sun has been up for a few hours they pass the occasional traveler, but they don't stop to talk. Instead, they press on. As a reward, they reach Woolwich around noon.

Ash doubles over on the road, vomiting briefly. Steadying himself on one shaky arm as he tries to rise from his knees, he whispers, "I've lost a couple comrades. I've never lost a friend before. This had better work."

Yuri helps Ash up, and says gently, "I've never lost anyone before. If it's at all possible I don't want to start now. C'mon, you can wait with a beer while I try and get us some transportation."

Ash waves a hand away. "I've got an idea. We're gonna get horses for free. And we won't steal 'em."

Yuri gets caught offguard. "Huh? How?"

Ash grins. "Come on, think about it for a second. People die. People don't get resurrected often. How much is the process worth? More money than you or I will ever see in a lifetime. If we're going to be putting out that much - or more likely, equivalent \`services' - the cost to actually purchase the use of horses and cart for a few days will be like nothing to the priests who can accomplish it. We'll retain a few and a cart, and tell the owner to come with us and get paid by the priest. Think they get this kind of business every day?"

Yuri tries to wrap his mind around that one.

Yuri says, "That... might work. We'll have to pick our audience carefully."

Ash says, "One thing I learned in the caravan business, at least - people don't care who pays them, as long as they get paid. And if you're working for someone big, anyone smaller than them is working for you.""

Yuri says, "That's all true... let's start with Brother Oak. He'd adopted Andreth; we need to talk to him if for no other reason than that. And he might have some ideas about who's got good horses."

After debating possible plans, Yuri and Ash head for Brother Oak. They find him in the garden of the Mother Oak, tending his beloved tree. He looks troubled at the news, and saddened. "Resurrection, you say? A powerful skill, you'll need a powerful cleric for that. None of the locals will be able to help, but perhaps the Brothers of the Waters? And mind, help won't come cheaply." Yuri simply nods, then asks for a good place to find draft horses. "Come," says the old monk, Gerrold still owes me a favor or two.

Yuri murmurs to Ash, "Even better than indebting ourselves further to the Brothers of the Waters, is to indebt ourselves to Brother Oak..."

Brother Oak leads the youngsters to Gerrold's, where they find Gerrold himself in the front office working on the books. The Brother bows, once, and asks Gerrold for a moment of his time. Together they disappear into the backroom, leaving the youngsters alone in the salesroom. From behind the door one raised voice can occasionally be heard.

Ash nods sagely, face a mask of passive patience.

Finally, after a nailbiting thirty minutes, Brother Oak comes out looking inscrutable. Gerrold, behind him, is redfaced and apoplectic. "Fine! I'll have them prepare the coach. And I'll go with them myself! I'm not trusting my carefully bred horses to these townies; they'll have hands like ... like ... like people who don't know how to control a good horse!" Gerrold turns to look at the youngsters. "We'll have the body and two people inside. The others can ride on the top. And we'll take spare horses. But mind, Brother Oak, our debt is repaid now."

Yuri turns to Ash, shrugs, and then bows to Brother Oak.

Yuri murmurs to Brother Oak, "It shall be repaid", then turns to Gerrold. "Time is short. We will do as you instruct if you can make this faster."

Brother Oak and Gerrold both exit the office, Brother Oak going back to his tree, and Gerrold heading for the stable. Soon, six magnificent horses are harnessed to a somewhat old-fashioned coach. Mostly it looks like a cart with a top. But it will carry everyone, even if not in comfort. Gerrold himself takes the rains. "Hop on, lads, we'll spring them today, and be back at your camp by nightfall. And in the meanwhile, you can tell me who this Andreth is." He waves at the front seat, which has room enough for three people to sit.

Yuri sits up front with Ash and Gerrold, and explains the origins of the White Company, the battle with Ferg at the farm, and Andreth's history as a monk.

Ash sits quietly and says nothing. He's meditating, grieving or dozing, but it's not clear what.

Gerrold nods, listening intently while spurring the horses on. Once on the main road he gives the horses, who are still fresh, their head, letting them canter comfortable. "Hold on, lads. She tends to bounce a little at speed. But we'll be there by nightfall!" Yuri and Ash hold on tightly, never having been in a vehicle that moved this fast on land before. And given the shaking, and rattling, devoutly hoping that they'll never have to do so again. And Gerrold is as good as his word. They reach the party about an hour before nightfall. Gerrold immediately hops down. "Ash, Yuri, hold their heads while I unharness the ladies."

Yuri gets unsteadily off the cart, and holds the harness as instructed.

Ash hops down and does as he's told.

Stormy gives a small cry when he sees the large horses up close. "Tilara!"

Starguard has dinner cooking as you pull up, and looks to see...Gerrold? "What the... no matter." He nods as Ask and Yuri jump down. Andreth's body is collected, wrapped in spare clothes and then the wolf pelts, a little off from the fire. "Nice to have you, sir."

Yuri calls to the others. "Tilara! Starguard! Stormy! We've... uhh... Gerrold has agreed to assist us."

Tilara has been watching the team approach, and grins when she realizes who is riding. "I'm impressed." She curtsies to the smith. "We thank you, sir." She turns to reassure Stormy, then. "They're good horses, Firestorm. Nothing to be afraid of."

Gerrold slowly but steadily unharnesses the horses, hobbling them. Then he turns to nod at Starguard. "Right. We'll put him in the coach tonight. The horses need at least six hours rest before we can spring them again. You must be Tilara, miss, and you, sir, must be Starguard. And I smell good food cooking. Why don't you serve?"

Yuri murmurs to Tilara and Starguard, when Gerrold is otherwise occupied, "I think we owe Brother Oak a favor. A really big favor."

Ash draws Yuri aside for a moment, away from Gerrold. "If wolves went for humans, they'll go for horses faster. Let's post two guards and string up some trip-traps tonight."

Starguard nods. "It's worth it, for Andreth." It serves up a tasty stew, making up for his lousy dinner last night, and the work is quickly done, water even fetched for the horses.

Yuri nods to Ash. "That sounds like a great idea, especially if we can sleep on the cart tomorrow. What's a trip-trap?

Stormy sits down, carefully eating his stew. His throat obviously still hurts, and he's chewing very deliberately. Gerrold, sitting beside him, looks at the scars. "That's a very chewed up throat, lad. I'm surprised we're not carting you to the Brothers as well."

Starguard says, "Quick thinking by Yuri, actually. He fed him a healing potion before things got too bad..."

Yuri just continues to eat, looking both sheepish and grim.

Gerrold nods. "Yuri seems to be a quick lad. Pity about the other lad. Brother Oak spoke highly of him. I could have used a lad like that."

Ash stalks about the campsite, between bouts of checking his crossbow and bolts.

Yuri says quietly, "We're not giving up on him yet."

Starguard nods. "You might still be able to use him. It's not too late yet. Though we need a diamond, and to get him to the monastery as quickly as possible.

Gerrold nods. "Well, the brothers will know what they need. They're quite a little research community. One of Prince Aglamarno's newfangled ideas, Berina tells me. Oh, and Starguard? Berina mentioned you yesterday.

Yuri stands up and helps Ash walk the perimeter, while carefully listening to what Gerrold has to say about Berina.

Starguard ohs? "She did? What did she have to say?{

Tilara twitches an eyebrow at that, and listens with just a bit of a grin.

Gerrold shrugs. "Not much; just asked me if you had stopped by while she was out. Apparently she was expecting you. Is this something I should know about? A man does like to know who is courting his daughters ..."

Ash asides to Yuri, "We've got that diamond to consider, if I'm hearing things rightly. What does a priest need with a diamond? None of my business, but unless they have one just laying around that they'll let us use for this, we need to.. acquire one."

Yuri nods, distracted by Gerrold's revelation that Berina is his daughter. "Well... I'll keep my eyes open. If we're lucky someone will provide us with an excuse to relieve them of one."

Starguard chokes on his stew at the mention of courting. "**cough** Er, I don't think so, sir. I'm just a simple soldier. She seems - unlikely - to stoop to my level. No, it was just about a weapon among the stolen pieces. We didn't find it.

Yuri motions, out of eyeshot of Gerrold, for Starguard not to say too much. _Ugh! Not now!_

Tilara says, "We were on our way to look for it when ... this happened."

Gerrold raises an eyebrow. "Pity; you look like the steady sort." He looks wistfully into the fire. "It'd be nice if at least one of my daughters stayed home and started a family ... Although I don't understand why she wouldn't have mentioned a missing weapon to me. What did it look like?"

Starguard shrugs. "Nothing special. What do you think of the stew? There's been complaints about the spicing, but it came out well tonight."

Between the cover of night, the glare of the fire, and the overall sense of exhaustion going around, Yuri utterly fails to catch Starguard's attention.

Gerrold holds up his bowl. "A splendid stew. Do you believe in seconds? And have you any wine? It crosses my mind that I forgot to pack food."

Soon after dinner Gerrold settles down on top of the coach for a short nap. "Wake me in two hours, Starguard. I'll watch the horses after that." The camp settles down into a drowsy wakefulness, as the hours pass. The stars shine brightly tonight, twinkling away merrily. Stormy asks Starguard if Andreth is a star now. At midnight, Gerrold harnesses the horses. "Load them up, lads. Load him up. We'll be through Two Crossings by morning, with this kind of light. We can pick up grain and food there."

Ash will ride atop with Gerrold, greatsword and crossbow highly visible as deterrent.

Gerrold holds the reins firmly in hand, slapping them on the horses's buttocks once. "Come, ladies, let's ride out tonight!" The horses jump into action, rattling the coach and its inmates. "Well, Ash, pity the ones who must stay inside? I hope they can keep the body from bouncing around too much; blood is a right bastard to get out of the seats." With that he springs the horses; obviously he's ha a lot of success breeding them. He points at the left leader. "She'll be a gift for the Prince next year, Ash. Once she's properly trained. Perhaps I'll be able to find a mate for her in his stables." As Gerrold fills the night with horsey conversation, the coach rattles along the road. Shortly after dawn, Gerrold slows the horses, to pull into Two Crossings. "I'll feed the horses at the inn, lads. We leave in half an hour."

Two Crossings, much smaller than Woolwich, consists primarily of a small inn and a small temple, facing each other across the village green. The third building on the green is a communal threshing barn, which currently stands empty.

Ash heads into the inn, intent on questioning some of the locals.

The inn, consisting of a common room and perhaps two private rooms on the second floor, is abandoned. There's the smell of bread from the kitchen, and after a few minutes a girl saunters out carrying a platter containing cheese and bread. "Food, sir?"

Ash's mouth waters for a moment. He'll buy a bit to eat, then ask his questions.

Yuri just walks around the town for fifteen minutes or so, listening carefully. _I wish we had time to stay. It's so rare that I've gotten to leave Woolwich._

Starguard waits with the body, the small town offering nothing he needs. _A diamond. The spell requires a diamond..._

The girls slaps down the platter. "Will you be buyin' for the rest of the party, too? You look like you're in a mighty hurry."

Tilara climbs down from the coach, rattled a bit by the ride, and staggers into the inn after Yuri. "I never knew what they meant by a hellride before. I think I could've lived without learning it."

Ash hems and haws. "Just a drink, and some bread, thanks.."

The girl disappears back into the kitchen, bringing out more platters. Soon there are three loaves of bread and several chunks of cheese lying on the table. Then she disappears through the front door, and Gerrold can be heard thanking her.

Yuri finishes walking through the town, having seen all of it in a few minutes, and goes to the inn.

Ash ambles over, getting the proprietor's attention. "Excuse me, just was wondering if you've noticed anything odd about the wolves around here? Heard any stories from townsfolk of strange things?"

"Wolves, sir? I've heard no tales of wolves, here. I mean, we allus has wolves, and they's allus hungry in spring, but ... most wolves is small enough not to bother humans. And that'll be 5 copper, sir."

Ash will pay a silver and get his change, then walk out in thoughtful silence.

After half an hour has passed, Gerrold sticks his head in the common room. We're off, lads. We'll not go as fast, but the ladies still have a few hours in them." Corralling everybody back into the coach, he encourages the lady onto a barely visible cart path. No hellraising ride now; a sedate walk, as the ladies strain to pull the cart. Gerrold is quiet, constantly watching the road, the surrounding countryside, which consists mostly of high grass and shrub and - going by the smell - a bit of marsh.

Yuri decides to keep watch from the top of the coach.

Starguard stays beside Andreth's form, quiet, thinking about his friend. What if they get there, and there's no diamond? What if there's no priest powerful enough? What if, what if... Starguard shakes his head. Worry about what if when what is ends.

Ash's thoughts are following all too familiar lines - find a jeweler, find a caravan, get some weapons... surprise ambushes, tactics and the positions of guards or soldiers or shopkeepers are running through his mind, in spite of himself.

The horses move slowly and steadily, until Gerrold pulls them up at noon. "Right lads, make camp. The ladies need a break. We'll give them two hours, and we'll make the Brothers by late afternoon, from what I've heard." The road has faded even further, and bushes are beginning to press around the coach. Gerrold, hopping down, pulls out the feed he's bought in Two Crossings, and begins to feed the horses.

Starguard comes out from the carriage, stretching his legs. "I'll make lunch?"

Yuri, who has been running on adrenaline since dawn the previous day, unrolls a blanket and lies down for a nap.

Tilara does a long stretch, and then a quick juggling routine to get the kinks out of her muscles. "The trail seems to be fading out. Do the Brothers of the Waters get a lot of visitors?"

Starguard sighs, doing slices of bread and cheese. "I don't really know, Tilara."

Ash gives a little shrug before leaning back for a nap of his own. "They're going to have visitors soon," he comments.

Gerrold shakes his head. "Not really. And those they get tend to travel on foot. There's a lot of short cuts for a hiker who knows his way. But the Brother's only recently were granted the monastery. Less than fifty years ago."

Starguard mmms. "I just hope they can help Andreth return to us."

Gerrold nods. "If they can't, I don't know who can.

Stormy quietly moves up next to Starguard, asking for a little bread. He looks positively green, after sitting in the coach with the corpse all day.

Starguard gives the kid what he wants. "Are you OK, Firestorm? This sort of thing is new for you..."

Stormy nods, staying very close. "I'm not as badly hurt as ... as ..." his eyes begin to leak again, and he dries them, furiously, with one sleeve. "Do we have to stop?"

Tilara nods. "We won't get there by hurting the horses, Stormy. You want to ride on top for a while?"

Starguard nods. "The horses need to rest, but we're getting there as fast as we can, lad." He hugs the young boy around the shoulders. "Don't you worry. We'll get there with plenty of time to spare."

Stormy nods. "Please, Lady. I ... It's not fair of me, but I don't think I can take it anymore."

Starguard leaves the doors of the carriage open, letting the inside air out a bit.

Stormy climbs on top of the coach, and curls up there.

Eventually, Gerrold gathers up the horses again. "Come, lads. We'll be there before dark." The ladies set up off, carefully pulling the coach forward. Now they maintain a steady pace, as they pull the coach onward. Finally, Gerrold stops the coach. "I think we're here."

_Brothers of the Waters  
The monastery - a walled enclave standing on a small hill in the middle of a cleared, grassy area - is surrounded by a moat. The drawbridge, currently, is up, and men appear to be patrolling the walls, armed with pikes or spears. Two banners bracket the great gate; one displaying the shield of Agla of the Waterfall, the other the shield of Muirwen the River God. The banners are about 20 feet long, and can easily be distinguished from a distance._

Ash rouses himself out of somnolence long enough to peer out. "It's time."

Tilara says, "We're here. Let's hope they'll be helpful."

Yuri sighs. "I guess it's up to me to do the talking. Anybody have anything they want to say?"

Starguard nods. "We need help, and fast."

---

Edited by Will McDuff. Comments, questions, errors? E-mail him at [wmcduff@mac.com](mailto:wmcduff@mac.com).