In the aftermath of the chaotic, catastrophic battle at the source of the holy Waters for which the monastery is named, the White Company has returned to the infirmary. The unmarred and yet unmistakably dead forms of Tilara and Ash lie on pews as grim reminders as the price paid to exorcise the unholy spirit that had fouled the waters. The remnants of the white company and their allies have been discussing the implications of what they have experienced.

Zeke goes to the Abbot's room, where Starguard moved him after his recover. He kneels respectfully at the old man's side. He quickly explains the encounter with the lesser undead, the discovery of Rolwen's corpse, and the battle with the horrible undead that could kill with a glance. "Two of the White Company died, the ones they call Ash and Tilara. It was a horrible price, but the waters are once again running clear. If these things are the cause of the plague, and the plague is throughout the empire..." The young priest shudders. "What are we to do, sir?"

The abbot straightens in his bed, and sighs. "Those were good children, who died too young." He looks at Ezekial. "They were all good children, who died too young. It is time to halt the quarantine and bring Liowen in. Only Liowen, mind. We need to call a council, and most of the council is dead so you will have to serve as my councillors."

Zeke nods, and rises. "I hope we will live up to your expectations. Shall I inform Liowen now?"

The abbot nods. "Please, Ezekial. While you fetch Liowen, perhaps these others will tell me what was hiding in our cellars?"

Starguard says, "There were two sorts, sir. The outer rooms where guarded by literal shadows, things of darkness whose touch chilled to the bone. Deeper within was a creature even more deadly, that slew with a gaze. Ash died almost before we knew what was wrong, and Tilara fell victim to it also. Once it was dead, I blessed its corpse, and those of our fallen comrades and Rolwen as well, for his body had the appearance of the thing within the spring. It seems to have worked; their bodies look normal now."

The paladin sighs. "I fear that the manner of their death may have injured their souls more than their bodies, though. Is there some way to be sure they are at peace?"

The abbot nods, sorrowfully. "I see." He sighs. "I'm sorry for your losses. I wonder if ... there was talk before you went down of missing bodies. Were they ..." He pauses, looking worn, and haggard, and much older than even his years merit. "Were they our brothers?"

Andreth shakes his head. "Th' shadows had no features an' no voices. Just a chill touch that saps the strength o' the living. So... if they were th' dead brothers, I canna tell."

The abbot nods. "In that case, we will say a service for them, sending our good will along to them in Ungfallen's Hall."

Starguard nods. "If that is all we can do, then it is. But..." He pauses, then continues. "Forgive me, sir, but do you think it might be possible to bring them back? Tilara's familiar still waits by her body, as though she at least might still return. Her death did not sever the bond they had."

A much longer pause. A pause long enough for Ezekial to reach the encampment at least. A pause in which the abbot closes his eyes and almost seems to fall asleep. Finally, he shakes his head. "I don't know, Starguard. I don't know. Mirra waits, and ... that is certainly suggestive. The gods, of late, have changed. I scarce know what will work, what will not."

Liowen approaches the room, Ezekiel following at a respectful distance. Liowen looks no less haggard than before; the good news about the cleansing of the Waters was clearly overshadowed by the circumstances under which it was accomplished.

"Ah, Liowen. Join us." The abbot looks around. "Andreth, if you will step outside, in the room across the hall there are a number of chairs. This meeting will take, I think, a while. Perhaps you could bring those chairs in?" He looks at his bed. "Better I stay here, for now."

Liowen scowls, entering the room. "Ezekial tells me Rolwen is dead. We need a new librarian. We need to talk to the Emperor. We need to tell him that our supplies our tainted, and we've lost many of our brothers. He will need to send us more."

Zeke glances over at Liowen. The recent adventure has made him more confident, but he is still deferential. "Are you up to this, Father?"

Andreth nods to the abbot, and fetches the chairs. He says nothing, being largely lost in his own thoughts, and unpleasant ones. The death of his companions weighs heavily on his heart, and he begins to understand what the Company had endured when it was him who was lost.

Liowen smiles wryly at Zeke. "We will endure, Ezekial. We have endured for two generations, now. Our library grows apace. As soon as the emperor sends us more students like yourself, we will grow once more."

Zinzer clears his throat. "Yes. About that. It seems your library is understaffed? Father Abbot, May I prefix your council with a request?"

The abbot waves a hand. "The floor is open, Zinzer."

Zinzer nods. "I'll keep it simple. I offer my services as librarian for your monastery. I have long studied arcane lore, and that study led me into some hidden and dangerous places, and to the meeting of the White Company. While I have learned much and even changed in nature a little, to venture so often into danger is not my intention. I wish to return to the sanity a roomful of inert books offers."

Liowen snorts. "Running scared, hmmm?" He shrugs, and looks at the abbot. "We need a new librarian. If nothing else, he can keep the rats and mice under control?"

Zinzer glowers at Liowen. "Do you know what it is to live on rat for six weeks, or to feel the sting of hot, living iron striking you on the face? Go to the places where I've been and then maybe I will allow you to accuse me of cowardice, sir."

Starguard smiles, a bit wryly. "Perhaps Mirra would help out there as well. I was planning to preserve the bodies until we found out why she was staying with Tilara. She'll get hungry sooner or later."

Liowen nods at Starguard. "A good thought." His eyes narrow at Zinzer. "Good. You will manage the youngsters. Try not to burn the manuscripts when you let loose with the occasional lightning bolt."

Zinzer nods, apparently satisfied by the response. "Those are no good for mice, anyway... hmm... I wonder... if one can scry on the netherworld. Perhaps we can see what shape our fallen comrades are in." He looks up. "I'll save it for later. We have much to discuss that is of higher importance."

"Now that, Zinzer, is an excellent idea." The abbot looks up. "And not something I am capable of doing. It is always a weakness of ours ... we cannot converse with the spirits once they've died."

Starguard nods. "Though finding out what is happening on the other side of the veil may bear on our problems here. I agree with Liowen, though. We need to contact the Emperor as soon as possible and tell him what we have found out here."

Zinzer nods. "If it is your wish, then, I will conduct that experiment when our talking is concluded."

Zeke rubs his hands while thinking. "Citadel is weeks from here - days, at least, with the fastest horses. This plague kills in days. Many more are going to die before we reach the Emperor."

The abbot smiles wryly. "Well, yes. There are ... other options. I have been talking with the emperor."

Starguard says, "Windrider and I could get there in about a week. We need something faster, if it's at all possible. Abbot, I know we took the crystal that the Emperor had used to talk to you; do you have another way to speak to him quickly?"

Starguard looks very relieved. "And what is his news?"

The abbot doesn't look relieved at all. "The news is uniformly bad. The plague is spreading and thus far no cure was known. I told him of what you had learned, Starguard, and he is eager to see you at your earliest convenience." The abbot turns to Liowen. "You will need to do what you can, Liowen. Perhaps we can transport these people using your magic?"

Liowen looks troubled, then shrugs. "We can try?"

Zeke says, "Could we also move the Ambassadors, and Marlin as well?"

Starguard frowns. "It would be most convenient if we could travel by fire-ring in the manner of our opponents. Even a partial shortening of the distance would be most welcome, Brother Liowen."

Liowen looks thoughtful. "Probably ... probably. Odds are, if we can move a small group, we can move a larger group just as safely. Or not." He looks at Starguard. "The horses will stay behind. So will any unneccessary belongings. Will your steed make his own way to Citadel?"

Starguard looks disturbed by that thought. "He _can_, certainly, though I would rather he came through with us."

Zeke says, "Perhaps Starguard could meet us there later?" Even as he says it he realizes that it is unwise and dangerous.

Zinzer says, "Windrider out-weighs all of us put together. He'd double the chances that we'd end up somewhere else, or... umm... nowhere at all." He stops for a moment. "Trust me on this part, this isn't something with which to take risks."

Zeke says, "If weight is an issue, we could go in two groups... or if Brother Liowen would send our heavier items later? In any case, what are we to do when we reach Citadel? When the Emperor..." He stops. "Hold on a minute... THE Emperor? Glia-Gulmeshki?"

"Do we need to send the ambassadors through as well?" The abbot looks at Liowen. "We can house them, and we can provide a way for them to communicate with the Emperor."

Liowen smirks at Ezekial. "There's only one emperor in the valley, lad, and these people have met him a number of times."

Starguard clears his throat. "Windrider isn't all that heavy, Zinzer. If he was, he wouldn't be able to get off the ground."

Zeke says, "I think perhaps it would be up the Ambassadors, then... what weight in food have we attempted to move thus far?"

The abbot turns to look at Liowen who holds up his hand. "We move as much as fifty pounds in food, at a time. There weren't so many survivors in quarantine as all that." Liowen smiles. "So we're confident we could teleport Marlin. We're certain he would arrive intact at the other end. He should probably be alive."

Starguard says drily, "This does not fill me with confidence."

Andreth coughs, and glares at Liowen, finding his gallows humor not amusing at all. "Ye'll not transport Marlin anywhere less'n ye be sure he'll live." He purses his lips. "An' so ye'll send one o' us first - like me. An' if'n I make it alive, an' send word back, _then_ ye'll send others."

Liowen smiles. "Ah. Good. Our first volunteer. He pulls out a small slate. We've calculated that we can probably transport three people at a time. Who would you like to take with you, Andreth?"

Zeke looks unsettled by the plan, but voices no objection. Zinzer, on the other hand, realizes that he won't be taking part of that adventure, and settles comfortably into his seat. _A whole library of my own... someone else's money for buying the books... and someone else to do the heroics. The plague is awful, but if we live, life will be good._

Zeke says, "I'll go", without hesitation.

Starguard nods. "If you can send three people at once, you can send Windrider and me through together. Shall we ask the Ambassadors if they wish to remain here in relative safety or come with us?"

Andreth nods to Liowen, unruffled. "I'll not take anyone with me what doesn't want ta come."

"But if Zeke wants ta come, then that's what we'll do." Andreth thinks for a bit. "An' then, if'n we make it safe 'n sound, then ye can send Marlin - an' the Changers too, if'n they wish ta come that way."

The abbot turns to Zinzer. "What will you need, as you explore the spirit world? How can we help?"

Zinzer thinks. "I've never needed more than a good mirror. In a pinch a pool of water will work. Perhaps the best place to make the attempt is in the grotto with the source of the waters; I gather it's already been a bridge between the netherworld and the land of the living. Other than that... just time. Those that wish to watch may; be warned that sometimes fate decides the participants for me."

The abbot nods. "If Starguard and young Andreth will help, I think I would like to be there."

Starguard bows his head respectfully. "We would be honored to assist you, sir."

Zinzer asks, "I do have one other question. The monster we encountered... has anyone ever heard of that kind of thing before? Are there likely to be more? Are they necessary to cause the defilement, or merely agents dispatched by our enemies to handle special cases? I would hope we won't have to deal with one of these at every outbreak."

There's a longer pause. "I don't know, Zinzer." The abbot sighs. "Sometimes the dead ... when their spirits are restless, they walk. Some are harmless, and easily put to rest. Others are dangerous. When the dead are defiled, and their spirits badly wounded ..." He shakes his head. "I don't know."

Starguard sighs. "I suspect we will find out before this is all over."

After time spent arranging the chapel to his satisfaction, including scrubbing out the remaining slime - that slime left on the floor, since the water itself now runs purely - Zinzer meditates quietly, clearing out his mind. Behind him, others are joining him. The abbot, with the aid of Starguard and Andreth, makes his way down and kneels in front of the altar, praying quietly. Liowen, behind him, in full armour, stands prepared to defend. Behind them, Marlin and the ambassadors file in too, looking around.

Young Marlin is wide eyed, and holding on to Meliandre's hand as he sits down quietly.

After reaching the end of his meditations, Zinzer slowly and carefully approaches the lower basin into which the water is splashing from the bowl above. Moving closer he breathes in the scent of pure water; the overtones of sea and wind, the chill of the glacier and the warmth of the summer heat. As he looks in the basin, he speaks the simple words, and concentrates on his fallen friends.

The dead go to Merial's House, where they wait quietly for admission to Ungfallen's Hall. This, Zinzer learned from Andreth, who still bears Merial's mark. Concentrating on Ash, and Tilara, and what he knows of Merial, he seeks a sign of Merial's House. The water, at first remains dark.

Slowly, the water begins to clear, brightening to show a dimly lit room, much different from the one Andreth described. This one is filled with people; groups, families, single spirits. As Zinzer looks around he notices how vague and poorly defined each person is, the light shining through them. A single woman, solid and comforting, walks around. Her shoulders are slumped, her hair straggly, and as she moves people crowd close to her, crushing one another.

No. Not crushing. Almost ... these can't be real people. One person just traveled right through another.

Zinzer murmurs, "Andreth... come look... carefully."

Andreth leans over Zinzer's shoulder, and his eyes widen. "Ye _gods_... Poor Merial. I dinna how she manages... there's too many... An' it's takin' it outa her, ye can tell," he says, pointing.

Zinzer nods, concentrating on the spell, rather than reacting to the news. _Act now... react later._ "No sign of Ash, no sign of Tilara... and yet they should be there. Where are they, if not in Merial's care?"

Andreth shakes his head. "I dinnae, Zinzer. They should be there, I agree." He sighs. "But ye heard the abbot. They didnae die naturally. Mebbe they got... lost."

Zinzer nods, and continues to search Merial's hall. _It's remarkable, how human she looks... more human than the dead souls surrounding her. And remarkable how she exhibits human frailties. None of the gods should ever look that fatigued._

Starguard pales, listening to this. "I hope that's all it is."

As Merial holds the spirits, patting a child, hugging a mother, and moving on, she looks up, straight up, straight up at Andreth. She shakes her head at him, and then looks around her. "I can't help them. It's up to you."

Zinzer starts. "Keep it short and to the point, lad. The Lady looks busy."

Andreth looks at Zinzer, noting the way he looks at Merial. "The gods are people too, Zinzer. Greater 'n normal men, but people all the same." As the Lady speaks to him, he stiffens... then nods. "Aye, milady," he says. "We'll do all tha' we can." He pauses. "I hate to add ta yer troubles, but I'd ask ye o' me friends, Ash an' Tilara..."

Merial pauses, then looks around. Her eyes unfocus for a moment, as though she's seeing a much larger House than is immediately obvious. "No. They haven't found me."

Andreth nods grimly. "I see. I... s'pose I'm not surprised. They died from some foul magic that ripped their life from 'em, a strange creature that could kill wi' a glance. Do ye know how such a thin' might come ta be?"

Merial looks around. "Those that come here have ... wounded spirits. But the wounds are slight." She pauses. "Do you know the tale of Majayla, and Luriel?"

Zinzer pales at the mention of Majayla; it's apparent that he has heard the tale. "That order of madness..." he murmurs to Andreth. "She sacrifices a baby to steal its totem, in order to change her own. She failed. Living things only hold one totem at a time."

Merial looks around. "I don't have the answers. There are many missing spirits. Families arrive ... but they don't all arrive. And yet ... those who are missing died first, sometimes." She looks a little more tired. "Tell the emperor, Andreth. This has to stop."

Andreth nods firmly. "Aye, it must. We will tell 'im. An' we will to all we can oursel's."

Merial nods. "Thank you."

A little unsettled, Zinzer bends over the basin once more, letting the first vision swirl away, and now concentrating on Ash and Tilara directly. In his mind, he pictures them as he knows them. The young fighter, the young sorceress. Perhaps her first. He builds her up in his mind, her physical appearance, her mannerisms, her habits, her little kitten ...

The basin remains dark, at first, and then stars begin to shine. The night sky. Below, a hawks' eye view of the empire. There's a scattered sense; Zinzer feels his attention pulled here, then there. For a moment he feels himself pulled to Samaela's shrine, and then to Wilthorwen's Peak, before sliding down to Citadel, and then off again to a chilly glacier. Never a moment of stillness, never a moment of focus. Never a moment where he can catch her spirit ...

Zinzer mutters, "She's everywhere she's ever been... and nowhere. Let's try to find Ash. He's likely got the same problem."

Starguard says, "Unanchored? What could do that to a spirit?"

The attempt to find Ash leads to no more focus - just dozens of scattered places, some the same as seen while searching for Tilara, some elsewhere in the Empire, and some none of the gathered observers have seen before. The sparse hints of the big fighter's presence are as elusive as the wind.

Zinzer senses that the spell is running out of time. "One last thing to find... for the source of a dreadful poison, one must find the most dreadful poisoner. Show us the blackguard Ferg."

The basin turns black once more, then brightens to show a cheerful classroom. Three rows of desks stand facing a blackboard. In the front row, Ferg sits perched non-chalantly on one of the desks, his foot hooked on the chair, while in front of him Berina crosses something off a list.

Zinzer mutters, "So that's what he looks like. Who is that woman with him? And what's that on the blackboard?"

Starguard moves carefully up to peer into the pool. "By the Stars! That's Berina!"

Andreth's eyes go wide. "So they are workin' tagether..." After a breath he turns to Zinzer. "End the spell now if'n we've seen all we can. I don't doubt but what _they_ 'll sense us lookin'."

Peering more closely, Zinzer carefully reads what's on the blackboard. It's a handwriting exercise; how to write a polite thank you note. Now, the piece of paper in her hand ... the text on that is probably a lot more interesting. Pity it's unreadable.

Zinzer terminates the spell. "And now we know something. Perhaps you could tell me what it is?"

Zinzer says, "Who is this Berina, some kind of schoolmarm? And what is someone like Ferg doing studying grammer? That hardly looks like the poisoner and rapist you told us about."

Starguard says, "Berina is someone we've run into in the past. She moves at high levels and is supposed to be one of the premier educators of Citadel. The fact that she's working with Ferg... either she's being duped, or else he's always been one of her lackeys. Either way is bad."

Zinzer shrugs. "You lot have enemies as curious as your friends. She's no Achmadina, surely."

Andreth looks grim. "Mebbe she 'as use for 'im beyond just bein' a common brigand." He shakes his head. "More ta the point, I thought 'e was s'posed ta be a convict-soldier."

Starguard says, "Indeed. He's wiggled out of that somehow. Perhaps Tilara was right... she wanted to kill him out of hand at the time, and we overruled her."

Zeke asks the Abbot, "What now, Father? It seems that Citadel is the next destination for us. But we still know little of the plague."

Andreth nods to Zeke. "We do know what manner o' bein' causes it, though. If'n we c'n find more o' them..." He pauses, realizing the implications of what he just said, but goes on. "If we c'n find more o' them, we may be able ta learn more from the next 'un."

The abbot nods. "Well, we know a few things. Starguard has learned that we can cure the plague by healing our ties to the gods. And we know that there are many people dying. Since some of them are not arriving at Merial's House, there are likely to be more monsters wandering."

Zeke says, "And we have plague victims with totems damaged, to greater and lesser extents... and the hint that the tale of Majayla and Luriel may give a clue to the precedent. If this is that scale of madness, then the crisis is urgent beyond the plague."

Andreth ponders. "Those what died first, an' didn't arrive... they may've suffered a fate like our friends, directly from th'monsters. An' their families merely died by catchin' it off'n them."

Zeke says, "And if those poor people had their totems damaged... well. That's, thankfully, not easy to do. So if we go read up on how Majayla did it, we'll know how it's happening now."

Starguard says, "Aye. But how do we heal those who've already been hurt?"

Zeke says, "Perhaps we'll be able to determine that, one we've clarified the mechanism by which they've been hurt. 'Tis a grim day indeed when the Gods ask us to solve this kind of problem."

Starguard says, "It looked like the Gods were busy with their end of it. We have to stop their problems from getting worse."

The assembled adventurers return the Abbot to his bedroom, and then filter over to the library to search for the old tales, and clues as to how to heal damaged totems. Zinzer falls into Rolwen's old role, searching the old man's note for the names of the dusty tomes relevant to the subject.

There aren't a lot of notes. Rolwen didn't like notes. Writing things down took time. Much quicker just to remember.

Zeke asks Meliandre, "Majayla was a Changer, was she not? Of the Cat tribe? Do you have any knowledge of her tale, that might help us understand this threat?"

Meliandre blanches. Behind her, Azaril puts his hand on her shoulder. "My tale, Meliandre, if we must tell it. Majayla is kin to the Cat." He looks at Zeke, tiger's eyes narrowed, lips drawn back in a snarl. "Majayla was a Changer; a Cat. She cast away her heritage, and everything she was, to follow a Stormwind. She killed her own child; sacrificing it to steal its totem. We do not count her a clan member. We do not count her a Changer. She is a _human_ now."

Starguard nods, gently. "And we would have cast her out her as well, for such a crime. We do not seek to include you in her act. We need to know as much as is possible about what happened then, so we can stop what is happening now."

Zeke is taken aback. "I meant no offense. It was... umm... Merial who brought it up." He glosses over the part about humanity; for are the Changers not human, too?

Andreth wrinkles his nose slightly at the way Azaril pronounces 'human', but at least in this case he can hardly blame the Cat for wishing to disown such a being. "'tis evil of just this sort, Azaril, that we fight now. If ye know anythin' of how we c'n stop such things, we'd know of it."

Azaril nods. "Once, I will sing her saga. I will not sing it here. It will ... disturb the chapel. We will sing it in the garden, where the skies can hear us. Once, only. We sing this saga once, for every changer child. They must know who she is. They must know what the Stormwinds are. They must know what it is to be _human_." Again, that snarl.

Moving outside, Azaril sings slowly, angrily, his voice never rising above it's normal range. The words flow from him, swirling around him in an angry cloud.

Afterwards, Liowen collects the party. "Right. Andreth, Zeke? We will begin with you. Step right this way. Inside this circle, please. If everything works out ... you should be arriving in the Emperor's famed garden."