---

Game Log: Chapter 27 - People and Gods


------------------------------------------

The night just past was utterly and entirely unremarkable. Except for Gerard's rendezvous with some large creatures. But otherwise entirely unremarkable. The dawn arrived, fresh, sunny, and wet.

Andreth blinks, half awake, with the dawn, then sits straight up. "Where's Yuri?"

Ash stifles a yawn, crawls half-out of his sleeping position, then pauses to stretch. ".. What?"

Starguard stretches, trying to get the fire going as the rain does it's best to stop it. "Might be a cold breakfast this morning, gentlemen. But on the plus side, you won't need a shower."

Ash finishes voicing his unexpurgated opinion of the weather with a gruff "Har Har" and gets to the painful task of standing up.

Tilara grumbles from underneath the wagon she moved to when the rain started. "I didn't need one even _before_ last night."

Yuri lurches into an upright position. "Did I hear my name?"

Andreth gets up and goes over to Yuri. "Yeah. Somethin' happened during my watch you need to hear about."

Yuri hmms. "OK, help me gather firewood."

Ash stalks toward the impending source of breakfast and hunches close to the nascent fire. "Better be something extra good this morning.."

Starguard says, "Sorry Ash. It looks like it's going to be cereals this morning. I can't cook on this thing."

Stormy wanders up, and offers to light the fire. "After all, Tilara said I should practice ..."

Yuri leads Andreth a short distance from the camp, out of earshot, and asks in low tones, "OK, what happened?"

Ash growls his grudging assent. "Just let me know what assistance you might require," he remarks civilly enough, trying to steer his unpleasantness away from his companions and back to the deserving sky.

Starguard shakes his head. "It's not getting it lit I'm worried about. It's keeping it there."

Andreth follows Yuri to a quieter spot, away from the bustle of the caravanserai. "Gerard snuck away from the camp last night. But that ain't the fun part. The fun part is who he snuck away _to_. I didn't see what they were, but they weren't human."

Stormy nods, holding his hands out, thumbs together, palms down. "I call upon the ..." He turns sideways, to gauge Starguard's reaction.

Yuri says, "What do you mean, not human? Animals?"

Starguard hurriedly moves a pot, eyes a bit wide...

Andreth says, "Maybe. All I know is they looked big. Maybe there's more to Masci's story than just gossip, I'm thinkin'."

Yuri says, "Masci's story... about wolves in the family..."

Tilara chuckles at Starguard's reaction. "Don't burn the cereal, Stormy... as long as it's raining, it's going to be hard to keep it going."

"... the power of the Day Star and the father Star and the Mother Star! I call upon the hearth and the hoe! I call upon the nice hot bubbling porridge!" Flames shoot out from his fingertips, sheeting over and through the wood. The wood begins to catch as Stormy concentrates. He concentrates harder, as the flames begin to smoke and catch. And then he sits down on his rump with a surprised oof.

Yuri says, "He couldn't be a Changer... could he?"

The fire burns high, the wood fairly caught. Pretty soon, though, flame becomes smoke.

Lots of smoke.

Starguard coughs, backing aware from the fire. "I told you lad, no use for it."

Andreth says, "He didn't change while I was watchin', but... somethin' to think about, eh? Now, Jermiah knows I followed him out of the camp, but I didn't tell 'im what I saw. Didn't figure I wanted to alarm everyone..."

Stormy scuttles backward, nodding. "I thought I could get the wood dry enough and then ... I really like your porridge."

Yuri says, "Didn't he mention something about taking revenge on Masci's family?"

Andreth looks quite concerned. "He did?"

Yuri nods, and looks back towards the camp. "Changer or not, we've got a problem. Damned juvenile behavior... now it may cost lives."

Starguard smiles, and nods. "Try the mix, Firestorm. Interesting words of focus, by the way..."

Yuri says, "We'd better tell the others, quietly. Gerard's 'friends' might be following us, and we can't act until we get to a town."

Stormy grins at the brother. "They just seemed the ... the right gods. But I'll try this dry mix." He takes a spoonful, chewing it slowly. "Not bad. Dry though."

Andreth shakes his head. "I seem t'remember Gerard picked that fight. Maybe he was lookin' for an excuse to do somethin'."

Ash reaches for a spoon. "Dry is all I want right now."

Yuri says, "It's our job to keep them safe. Even from each other. More importantly, Gerard might know something, and I'm not sure how to get him to tell us."

Yuri says, "Let's get back. I'll spread the word."

Tilara nods at the boy's progress. "That was very good, Stormy. You're getting better at that. Well controlled. You should probably consider thinking about new spells soon. See what else you can do."

Andreth nods grimly to Yuri.

Stormy looks up at Tilara. "You're going to teach me new spells?

Tilara grins. "I'll help you learn a new spell. Might not be one I can do myself, though. You're a sorcerer, Stormy, and you have to work with what's inside you. We can help each other a bit, but it's ultimately up to each of us to learn what we can do."

Yuri writes a short note - _Last night, Andreth saw Gerard sneak off to speak with a large group of animals. He may know something about the Changers, or Samaela. He may also intend violence to Masci or his family. Keep an eye on him but don't act until we get to town, in case his 'friends' are around._.

Yuri passes the note around to the company, carefully, before breakfast.

Ash finds the note about as pleasing to digest as the breakfast, but makes no outward sign. One more little detail for his personal investigation...

Starguard hmms, nodding, keeping an eye on Gerard, and another, curious, on Stormy. His choice of words to cast the spell was...intriguing.

Tilara blinks at the note, and glances to Yuri first, then towards Stormy. _This is ... unsettling._

Stormy looks at the note, and then at the still smoking fire. Finally he returns the piece of parchment to Yuri without burning it. But he does look over at Tormel.

Tormel ambles over to get his own share of breakfast, angling for a slice or two of cheese for a topping. The oilcloth over his head seems to be keeping him dry enough. "I'll ride today, I suppose. No good in exhausting old bones."

Nobody lingers over breakfast, and within very little time the caravan is on the road again. They'll be in Launceston well before dark, the hope is. And, as it happens, the hope is much of an improvement over the weather. By late afternoon they can see Launceston.

_Launceston, lying in a shallow dell, is a rural delight. Three churches stand corner to corner to corner, the fourth side of the village green - the side towards you - occupied by a combination of caravanserai and tavern. and not really walled at all. Though there is shelter for the animals and the merchants alike._

Starguard seems resolute, the rain sliding over him, and making about as much effect as it does a rock. He rides back with Gerard, making conversation as it comes.

Ash spends the time on the road growling and muttering to himself, apparently recounting some sort of conversation from long ago, and growling again. The sight of town, however, dispels that unpleasant atmosphere.

Gerard, on the other hand, is hunched over the reins, his mien as gloomy as the skies. And a great deal quieter. Even questions are deflected with a grunt or two.

Starguard says, "Stormy? Would you mind satisfying the curiosity of an old man?"

Andreth is his usual quiet self, just keeping an eye on the world around him. The occasional glance at Gerard, but Starguard seems to be keeping an eye on him.

After spending the morning chatting with Tormel about the many gods, and the theological theories, and plausible theological hypotheses, Stormy turns to Starguard. "Sure, Brother Starguard."

Starguard says, "You said that the Star Gods felt right... Any special reason? Can you explain to me why they felt right?"

Stormy looks pensive. "Well, Tormel keeps telling me that the Moon is burning up every month, and the Stars are her children, and I didn't want the fire to consume **everything** and Tormel mentioned the Father Star is fond of porridge and ... so it just sounded appropriate.

Starguard blinks, and spends a few moments in contemplative silence, considering that. "Hmm. Have you been asking a lot about the stars, then?"

Stormy nods. "I've watched you, when you heal, and you always look so ... so happy. As though you know exactly what you're doing, and why. I don't really have a place to call my own. Or a name. Or a god. You have two."

Starguard smiles. "Remember lad. I've had more than twice as long to considered my place in the world. You've got a place with us now. Don't be in too much of a hurry."

Tilara swivels her head toward the boy at that comment, and drops back to walk beside him. "What do you mean, you don't have a name to call your own? Why not?"

Stormy nods at Starguard, still looking a little doubtful. "I suppose. I think I need to buy new clothes though. I don't really own anything white."

Starguard nods, and smiles as the party heads down into town.

As the part approaches Town, Yuri drops back from his point position and hauls himself up on the Company cart, beside Tormel.

Stormy hops off, happily making room. Tormel looks up. "Yes?"

Yuri murmurs to Tormel, "I have a few questions... we may have a problem. It may prevent bloodshed if we can get the answers."

Yuri murmurs, "Besides the Changers, are there any tribes or sects or other groups that talk to animals?"

Stormy turns to Tilara, and shrugs. "Firestorm is Ferg's name for me. I never had one before then."

Tormel smiles, nodding. "There's the Stormwinds, of course. They claim to speak to all manner of animal. And the border guard have their own Bear shamans. Further west, there are women who speak with all manner of animal, and some of plant."

Yuri says, "Do you happen to know where Gerard's family comes from? Do any of them have that kind of background?"

Tilara puts an arm around the boy. "Oh, my. Well, let's fix that, then. You don't need any reminders of Ferg, I'm sure... how long were you with him? You must have had a name before that."

Stormy shrugs. "Since ... oh, years ago. I ... I think he won me in a poker game. Or maybe he lost. It wasn't very clear. Before then I was just the kid, I think."

Tormel hmmmms, sinking back in thought. "I've never taught any of the Lupos. They came to Perfirin only a generation or two back, and have been working their way into the merchant class."

Tormel looks pointedly at the last cart. "And many of us wish they hadn't. That particular family has roots all over the empire. Predate the empire, even. Although this seems to be a very weak branchlet."

Tilara gives the boy a half-hug, murmuring, "... and I thought _my_ childhood was miserable...." She clears her throat. "Well, if you can't remember your real name, you'll just have to find one that suits you. Think about it, okay? You deserve better than a tag that that evil SOB gave you."

Stormy nods, thoughtfully. "I could be ... ummm .... I don't know. I've kinda got used to this name. It's so ... descriptive. What do you think would be a nice name?"

Yuri sighs. "So he's probably not a Changer... but he still might be dangerous. I'm sure you didn't miss that altercation with Masci. Just keep your head down if the fur flies."

Yuri hops off the cart and resumes his position on point.

Tormel shrugs. "Of course. Flying fur is **your** job. I just provide information." He raises his hands, pointedly. "Weapons are not my stock in trade."

Tilara chuckles a bit. _No, this has to be your decision, one way or the other. I'm doing my best to get you to think for yourself._ "It is descriptive, isn't it? If you like it, then there's no problem. If you don't, then you have to come up with something on your own. I'm used to this one, too, after all."

Yuri looks back, grinning slightly. "Then it's good that we all understand that."

Stormy sees the inn. "We're going to be inside soon. Starguard; will you show me around the churches? I'm sure you know lots of interesting stories!"

Launceston is bisected by the main road, which leads straight to the center of town. There are a few neighbourhoods, but most of the houses are a little further apart, fading into the farms that surround the town.

Tilara smiles as the boy is distracted again. _This is a good thing, too. Starguard will take good care of him._

As the caravan approaches, a short man steps out from the inn. "Greetings, greetings. Welcome to Launceston. Will you be taking rooms, or will you be renting the barns?"

Yuri says, "Greetings! We'd like a barn, please. One that can fit the carts, if that's possible."

The man looks at the five carts, and nods. "We can, if you're very cautious, stable all the carts in the large barn. We have no other company today. And you'll be taking rooms?"

Yuri shakes his head. "We'd like to keep a close eye on our charges. It's better for business that way."

Yuri thinks, _If we do this again, we ask for more money. And then we sleep in real beds once in a while..._

The man nods, stepping out of the way. With a wave, he summons help. A child comes out to serve as guide, and the carts are soon maneuvered into the barn. The horses are stabled in a second, smaller stable. Masci pointedly makes his bed by his cart. Gerard does likewise. The other two merchants shrug, and bed up near the back wall, where the drafts are fewer.

The child, hopping on one foot, bounces. "Will you be taking dinner tonight, sirs? Mum made **apple** pie! Last apple pie until fall!

Yuri looks around at the Company. "Would you like a break, Starguard? It seems someone else wants to do the cooking tonight."

Yuri says, "With all respect to Starguard's talent as a field chef, I think perhaps we could do with some baked goods tonight. Tell whoever sent you that we'll be feeding fifteen tonight, child."

The child dances on both feet and bounces and glees! As it runs inside, you can hear a happy yelped "I get pie! I get pie!"

Tilara says, "But not all at once."

Yuri pauses for a moment to make sure he got the count right. _Oh, my. When did we get to be fifteen people? So much for traveling light..._

Starguard seems lost in thought. "Andreth? Perhaps there's a temple here you should visit..."

Yuri chases after the boy. "Hey, wait, I made a mistake! We've got 18 people!"

The kid bounces up and down. "Eighteen? Wow! I gotta go warn Ma! You all want pie? And supper? We gots jugged hare and a little venison, and Ma does wonderful potato pancakes! I'll go tell her, and set the table, and tell Sis she's gotta wait on you and she's gotta stop washing her hair!" The kid giggles, bouncing with uncontained glee, before darting off again.

Andreth glances at the temples. "I don't underst... oh wait." His eye falls upon the church of the Hoe.

Yuri lets the kid run off. "Oh, well. I'm sure his parents will figure out what's going on."

Tilara chuckles. "I hope so. It does sound good."

Starguard nods to Andreth. "Sure, Stormy. Let's tour the temples. And I'd appreciate the night off."

Yuri walks back to the barn and has a look around the outside for any surprises or ways a thief could get in.

Ash will assist Yuri, being in a somewhat unpleasant mood still - nothing like a little productive work to let off steam.

The barn has two entrances; large double doors through which the carts entered, and a smaller door c loser to the inn proper. There are windows, high up on the walls, with shutters that are currently closed.

Yuri talks quietly to Ash. "I'm not liking this with Gerard. Tormel says he's from an old family and one that's not well liked around here. There's also a lot more than Changers that talk to animals, so he's probably not a one, but that only means he's something stranger... and possibly more dangerous."

Ash nods in agreement. "Well it'd be bad form to just split him open," he muses softly. "We gonna watch and wait, or try to press the question?"

Yuri says, "I'd love to press the question now, but I don't know if it's safe. Masci's family may be in danger but if Gerard's got a secret we shouldn't force him to put it out in the open or he might get violent. Maybe if we can convince him that we can keep secrets, we can also convince him to tell us what he knows and put his feud aside. Otherwise..." Yuri shrugs. "Whatever we're going to do, we'll have to do it in a town where we can get cover, or he might call some 'friends' to help."

Ash nods, still quietly mulling over the situation. "Alright. You tell me to grab him, I grab. You tell me to cut him down, I'll do it. But I'll keep ready."

Yuri says, "Ideally I'd like to talk to him when he thinks he's alone, but have some backup handy in the shadows. Maybe tonight."

Ash bobs his head in quiet assent. "I'd bring Andreth too, were I you, but I'll be there."

After about a half hour the kid returns, still hopping from foot to foot. "Sis says the tables are all laid and mom says the food is all done, and she's sorry but all she's got is jugged hare and venison, and she wasn't expecting a crowd tonight, so which would you like? And I told her everyone wanted apple pie and she wanted to know if anyone would like lemon and egg pie instead cause she made those two and the white egg stuff is really yummy and has a really weird name that I don't remember, but you'd really like them. But the apple pie is better. Come with me?"

Yuri catches about every third word words. "Umm... yeah. I'd like one of the Company to stay on watch and eat later; I'll do it if nobody else volunteers. Otherwise, go get fed, folks."

Tilara says, "I'll stay with you, Yuri. Best to have more than one guard."

Ash goes to eat then, looking eager.

Starguard pauses. "Do you want me to bring something out for you two?"

Tilara says, "Just come back when you're done, and we'll eat then."

Starguard nods, and heads in eagerly to try someone else's food.

The kid bounces up and down. "Okay! And I told sis about the really cool tattoos and dad said to put them in the corner and mum turned all funny and said to put them in the corner and Sis went and made her hair look **really** fancy. Or that's what she says. I think she looks ridiculous. But don't tell her I said so?" Once everyone moves to follow the kid, he leads them into the common room, where several tables have been shoved together. He points the three Andvarri at the corner, which is very dark, and they slide in. And then he waves and his sister sashays up with jugs of ale. The table is already set for dinner.

When the party is gone, Yuri briefs Tilara on what Tormel said about Gerard. "I think we have to find out what he knows. I don't think he'll know who Samaela is, but he may plan violence to Masci or Masci's family."

Yuri says, "I could use some ideas. I'd really like to just ask him what's going on, but I'm afraid he'll do something rash, and if I ask him anything I'd like backup there."

Tilara says, "Sounds like it's a possibility, all right. I'm more worried about what'll happen on their way back. I hope Masci's got enough sense to wait for an outbound caravan."

The sister, her hair braided in an intricate coronet on top of her head, glances down at her younger sibling. "Lady, Lords, we have jugged hare tonight. And venison. And I'm sure you've heard **all** about the sweet course, although we also have some nice blue cheese and nuts. We serve ale, although we also have several wines. What will be your pleasure?"

Starguard smiles. "Wine for me please, my daughter. It is a pleasure to not having to cook tonight. To say nothing of the dishes!"

Yuri says, "Well, if Gerard's just talking about robbing Masci's family blind or screwing them over in a trading deal, I don't care about that. But I will not allow violence to transpire if I can stop it, and I think that the Company agrees."

Yuri says, "So... any ideas?"

The girl looks alertly down the table, before noting orders. She pauses to pour ale into the tankards of those who choose ale, before leaving to fetch wine. When she returns with the wine, her younger sibling is carrying several baskets of bread. "Mum says she'll send the food out inna moment and these are fresh and we hope you'll enjoy them and ..."

Tilara hmmmms. "For now? Don't leave either of them alone, don't put their wagons close together on the march or in camp, and keep an eye on Gerard. Very strange goings-on."

Yuri says, "I'm going to have a look at his wagon, then. Maybe there'll be some clue as to how he talks to animals."

Yuri hmms. "Can you see if there's anything magical on it?"

Andreth watches the little kid depart, and chuckles quietly to himself. "Well, the bread must be good, at least," he murmurs to himself.

After the drinks have been poured, both siblings vanish into the kitchen. Moments later they return, followed by an older lady who is probably their mother. She is certainly the cook. Between them they're carrying four splendid platters, which are placed on the tables. The girl even winks at Thord, when she's put a plate in front of him. A wink her mother misses.

Tilara grins. "I'd be a fine sorceress if I couldn't at least do that." She murmurs the cantrip to herself, looking around the barn for the telltale traces of magic.

The cook pauses, after serving. "We hope you don't mind; we thought it might be more ... collegial to serve it like this. And easier. I hope you enjoy your meals. Young Ceci will keep freshening your drinks."

Starguard blesses the meal with a few words, then begins to eat. "This smells wonderful. Absolutely wonderful!" He digs in, and quickly finds it tastes as good as it looks. "Heavenly."

Looking around the barn, Tilara spots a few traces of magic. There's some lining Tormel's chest, and some lining a box under Gerard's seat. Similar magics seem to emanate from the other carts.

Ash eats a bit more sparingly, but his reservations are melted away after a few bites. "S'good," he remarks between mouthfuls. "Never got fed this well on my last job."

Tilara says, "Just a little bit... Tormel's got his chest protected, and the merchant carts all have a protected area under the seats."

Yuri hmms. "Probably the lock boxes. Well, I don't want to mess with those, anyway. Keep an eye on me. I don't want to mess this up."

The kid bounces through the common room carrying a huge hamper. He skids to a halt just inside the barn. "Mum sent me with supper for you! She gave you one slice of each kind of pie! I told her there were two of you. And there's a little of everything, and a bottle of wine! I didn't interrupt did I?" He looks from intense face to intense face, then bounces. "And she gave you a handful of nuts." He pulls them from his pocket. "See?"

Yuri goes to Gerard's card to have a careful look at the contents.

Yuri stops short, and turns around to see the kid bouncing around in the doorway, forcing his heart back from his throat.

Tilara grins at the boy, moving to distract him, just in case. "Well, thank her for us. It smells wonderful. Nothing to interrupt out here... we're just making sure no one gets into the carts."

Yuri sighs. "That's great, kid. Here's a copper for your trouble. Tell your mom that I'll be in in a bit to settle up with her for feeding my friends, OK?"

The kid nods, clutching his copper, and runs off. In the distance, you can hear him telling Ceci all about the money he made all by himself and he's not going to share and he's going to buy a present and it's going to be wonderful! And then his voice fades away. Must be running somewhere else.

Tilara shakes her head fondly. "Hyperactive little fellow, isn't he? But the food does smell good."

Yuri nods, distractedly. "Start if you want. I'm only going to be a minute."

Tilara nods. "I'll keep a watch at the door, just in case."

The cart, parked in the farthest corner of the barn, looks unremarkable. Under the wagon seat is a small locked chest. Behind the seat are crates. Probably containing the liqueurs that Gerard is selling.

Yuri looks for Gerard's pack.

The pack is currently underneath the cart, where Gerard had made up his bed before leaving for dinner.

Inside the pack, Yuri can see what looks like a change of clothing, and a small flat leather pouch.

Yuri looks at the pouch for markings.

The pouch looks unmarked. It's closed with a simple button and thong arrangement.

Inside the pouch are a few sheets of paper, marked in some strange cipher. And a small silver ring on a cord.

Yuri makes a quick copy of some of the symbols in the cipher, and a sketch of the ring, and then carefully puts everything back the way he found it.

Ceci, having refreshed everyone's drinks several times now, comes out to clear the table, her sibling bouncing beside her. The kid bounces up and down. "Mum says how many of you would like apple pie and how many would like lemon pie and how many would like both and would anyone like nuts and cheese?" Ceci smiles. "Indeed. Would people like dessert?"

Ash smiles politely, requesting apple pie in a soft and thoughtful voice.

Starguard says, "Cheese and a slice of apple would be much appreciated."

Andreth does his best friendly smile. "Lemon 'd be great, thank you."

Ceci nods, her head going down the table. The odds are apparently much in favor of apple pie, although Thord, winking again, requests both with Stormy's aid. She grins, disappearing. And comes back a moment later to collect her sibling. By the ear. And then they both make it to the kitchen. Moments later several large pies are carried out on a platter, with the youngster carrying small wooden trenchers.

Starguard says, "So, tell me, what is the news? It's always nice to hear the latest of an area."

Ceci turns to Starguard. "The news, sir? Well, mum says that it's been passing quiet of late and we weren't actually expecting you today. You're the first Citadel caravan we've seen, and usually it's at least another month or so and so everybody in town is wondering if they could sell you anything."

The kid bounces up and down. "Are you gonna have a fair? I love fairs! And I have money and everything! I saved and saved and I wanna buy a present and ... " The kid runs out of breath under Ceci's pointed look. Then he perks up again. "Well, I do. So there." And then he runs for it.

Starguard smiles. "We were heading down early to catch the markets before anyone else. It's been an interesting journey. Lots of talk about great animals seen, wolves, hawks..."

Ceci nods, thoughtfully. "The priests have cautioned us about it. The wolves are out in full this year. Which is odd, the winter wasn't that poor. Or that warm." She bites her lip. "We didn't spot any giant hawks. Except Pat, but that kid sees fairies and brownies and will 'o wisps everywhere. Even out bedroom."

Starguard nods. "Perhaps it might be the time to listen to him a bit. Sometime children see what we don't want to."

Ceci nods. "I'll get Pat, if you like." She disappears into the kitchen, reappearing with a kid who is determined to hold onto its slice of apple pie and keep eating. At the table, Pat takes another bite defiantly, making him look much like a chipmunk. He chews furiously.

Starguard smiles. "Let the lad finish his pie. I can understand him wanting to eat this wondrous food rather than talk to an old man such as I." He winks at Pat, and takes another forkful himself, the cheese half-melted over the pie.

The kid bounces, sitting down on the end of the bench and shoveling the pie down. Almost as if he were afraid it would disappear if he didn't. But he doesn't _look_ particularly gaunt or starving. Ceci just taps her toes.

Having inhaled the entire live of pie, the kid looks up attentively, one hand cradled around a somewhat extended stomach. "Ceci says you wanna hear about hawks?"

Starguard nods. "And anything else interesting you've seen... Actually, if you're mother doesn't mind, three of us are going to tour the churches tonight. If you'd like, you can come with us for the walk. A tour guide, perhaps? We could pay you..."

"Oooooooh!" The kid's eyes have now exceeded his face in surface volume. "I would ... ooooh! That would be ... that would be ... so the hawk I saw was really big but Ceci said it was just really low in the sky and I said it wasn't because I'd watched it and it was flying really high and she won't believe me and it was carrying one of those stuffed dolls farmers put in their fields! And then Mum made me do dishes." He sniffs.

Starguard nods. "I heard of a boy west of here that was injured by a big hawk. I'd stay close to someone big for the next while, Pat..."

Having finished their repasts, the three Andvarri talk for a moment with Stormy before standing up. Moments later, the Andvarri are in the barn, carrying a tankard each. Karlsefni smiles at Yuri.

Yuri nods and smiles back at Karlsefni, and asks in tentative A-isian, "How is the ale?", and then in a lower tone, "I have something to tell you."

Pat looks even bigger eyed, then pokes Ceci. "See? See?! I was right!" He crows for a moment or two, before the rest of the comment sinks in. And then he moves a lot closer to his big sister.

Tilara waves to them as they return. "Welcome back. Did you enjoy supper?" She's not really expecting them to understand her.

Karlsefni nods. "Is good. Talk?" He turns to Tilara, and smiles politely.

Starguard looks up at Ceci, looking for her reaction at his serious tone.

Ceci looks thoughtful, one hand wrapped around her little brother. "We'll keep an eye open, sir. But it's hard, with the younglings. Pat hates being inside." Then she winks. "Think a leash would help, sir?" Pat, offended, pulls loose. "Am **not** gonna be leashed! Am not! Am I sir?"

Yuri tells Karlsefni what's going on with Gerard. "The one we call Gerard, is hiding something from us. He was seen speaking to animals last night. We don't know if he's dangerous, but we know he doesn't like Masci. I tell you now, so that if a fight happens, you can decide how to defend yourself."

Yuri continues, "We don't think he's one that changes, because his family has been here for a long time. We do not know where he gets his magic."

Starguard chuckles. "I don't think so. You'd drive your sister crazy."

Karlsefnir nods, and turns to his companions. He talks for a few minutes at a rapid speed, and then turns back. "We watch. We guard."

Ceci grins. "He already does."

Yuri nods back. "I'm sorry that this is dangerous."

Yuri mulls for a moment, like there's something else he wants to say, but just turns and walks back to Tilara.

Yuri ponders, _Every time we kill, we pay for it. I don't know if they really trust me._

Pat bounces up and down. "Wanna go see the temples? Father Heron is really nice. He's like a bird and really tall and really skinny and he tells really good stories."

Starguard says, "We'd like that very much, if your mother agrees."

Andreth chuckles quietly. "Who's he the priest of?"

Yuri plops back down next to Tilara. "Every time I speak to them... I remember why they don't have their fourth brother."

Ceci pushes Pat forward a little. "Go along now. And don't irritate the lady and lords, laddy. Or you'll be doing dishes for a week! Father Heron? He's keeper of the Moon temple, sir."

Tilara says, "They started that squabble, and I don't think they're carrying a grudge. I'm hoping so, at least. We just ... need to be careful."

Yuri nods morosely. "Somewhere, one of the gods is having a laugh about it, I'm sure."

Pat bounces. "Wanna come now? Father Heron has a really nice church. All wood and stuff."

Tilara says, "Or more than one of 'em. I respect Starguard, but I wish we hadn't had to get mixed up with the Gods."

Starguard nods. "Andreth, Stormy? Are you two ready?"

Andreth nods, rising from his seat. "Yup..."

Stormy nods, slowly. "Sure."

Ash will loiter with the carts while the departing group explore temples and whatnot. He's in no mood to go far, and there's a lot on his mind.

Pat leads the small band to the southernmost church. He bangs on the door, then reconsiders, and leads everyone inside. "Father Heron! Father Heron?" An old birdlike man comes out of the shadows, carrying a lantern. "Yes Pat?" Pat grins. "I brought friends, Father. They've come to see the church. Will you tell them a story? Can I show them the clock tower? Is the bell hooked up? Can we try out the organ?"

Starguard smiles from behind the nearly vibrating Pat. "Good evening, Father."

The old man smiles, one hand landing on Pat's head. This seems to settle Pat down a little. "Good evening, sirs. How may I help you?"

Starguard says, "We're from the caravan tonight, and the three of us thought we'd take a look at the remarkable churches of this town."

Starguard says, "Call it a professional curiosity on my part."

The old man chuckles. "I see you've found our native guide, too. The lad's been in every church. But as he's no doubt told you, we worship the Moon goddess here." He leads the party to the altar, which is covered in a long blue cloth, decorated with yellow moon symbols. A waxing moon, a full moon, a waning moon ... and no moon at all on the fourth quarter. "The lady guides our steps at night, and helps us time the sowing of our crops. And the reaping, naturally. Though that ..." He stops, to cough. "Though that is much easier."

Starguard smiles. "I am admittedly, a student of the many of the night, rather than the one..."

The old man raises an eye. "You prefer the children to the mother, then. Fair enough; they have their own talents, those two. And they're a great deal less ... mercurial."

Starguard nods. "Perhaps. Stormy? I'd like you to meet Father Heron. Oh, and this is Andreth, and I'm Brother Starguard."

Stormy steps forward, nervously. "Father." The old man smiles. "I think, though, I'll let young Pat show you around. These old bones long for a comfortable chair by a good fire." Pat looks up at the old father, then nods, and looks to Starguard. "Wanna see the bell? Or the clock? Or the moondial?"

Andreth bows to the priest. "Pleased to meet you, Father."

Starguard says, "Certainly Pat. I'm sorry for disturbing your rest, Father."

The old man shakes his head. "No bother. No bother at all. Pat can show you to my room, if you've more questions." Pat nods, and then disappears up a staircase. Come see the bell!"

Starguard follows the leading Pat. "Perhaps you two would like to speak with Father Heron? You do get a bit of a one-sided presentation of the Gods from me."

Andreth nods to Starguard, smiling to himself as the child zooms about.

Stormy ummmms. "Okay." He turns nervously to where Father Heron went, and follows the old Father. Finding him seated before the fire, he says hello again.

Starguard, following Pat, gets to see more fo the church than he ever expected, including the moondial, which is used by the old man to track the phases of the moon. Meanwhile Stormy and Andreth spend some time chatting quietly with the old Father who does, indeed, have a vast fund of stories at his fingertip. Many of them about the gods when they, too, were children. Such as the time Kenilthwen fell in the river, before the kid could swim ... Finally, Pat brings Starguard back to the rest of the group.

Pat bounces. "Isn't Father Heron just wonderful? Isn't the church beautiful? Which church do you want to see next?"

Andreth speaks up. "The church of the Hoe."

Pat nods. "That's right across the green. Hurry! Sister Ursula should still be awake!"

Starguard nods. "Thank you, Father. Your church is indeed beautiful."

Father Heron smiles, and waves you all away. He looks a smidge tired. "Good night, younguns."

Across the green, the church of the Hoe is a smaller structure, standing only one story tall. And it has much of the feel of the farmhouse. Pat opens the door, and runs inside, returning after a few moments leading a young lady. "This is Sister Ursula. She keeps our tools sharp." The sister nods. "My workshop is out back; is there aught I can repair for you?"

Starguard looks to Andreth, letting him take the lead this time.

Andreth bows deeply in greeting. "I come to pay my respects to the lady Merial."

The sister smiles, looking surprised. "Indeed. Please, this way. We keep a small shrine to her." The sister leads the party to a small shrine, half dug into the floor. She kneels before it, and then lands three candles. "Come, will you pray with me?"

Ash will offer to spend the remaining time in the barn sparring with any or all of the Andvarri. Besides keeping in practice, it lets him observe their fighting style more closely - provided he can communicate entirely that it IS only a practice fight.

Andreth kneels at the shrine. "I don't know many prayers, ma'am," he says sheepishly.

Starguard smiles, taking Stormy and Pat aside. "I think Andreth needs some time to pray. Can you show me around, Pat?"

Pat nods. "Sure. But there's not as much to see here. Sister won't let us enter her workroom. We all gather here on the Lady's days to pray and thresh, of course."

Sister Ursula smiles. "Then merely tell the lady how you feel. She's ... not ... She does not require formality. She values honesty."

Karlsefnir looks at Ash, and the weapon he offers, and nods. His fellows gather round him. None of them will carry a weapon for this sparring session.

Andreth nods quietly. "I know." He bows his head and closes his eyes...

Yuri sits down to watch Ash and the Andvari, partially as referee.

The candles in the shrine flare up a little. Andreth's scar feels warmer to the touch.

One of the Andvarri grins, approaching slowly, before dropping down and sweeping a leg around.

Tilara raises an eyebrow and settles in to watch the Andvarri fight. _Unarmed style. Interesting..._

Ash is caught off-guard the first time, but rises to his feet and smirks a little. Alright, it'll be high next time.. and back in he goes.

Andreth says no words as he prays, at least nothing clear enough to be understood as words. But with all his heart he conveys an attitude of respect and devotion, and the bitter-sweet memory of his personal experiences.

The man grins, bouncing to his feet. Then he drops low and sweeps again.

Ash lands squarely on his pride again, and tries another tack. Move forward into a feint, then just back up at the next sweep, strike, high or low though it be, and charge. Only way to learn is to get knocked down..

A light hand passes over Andreth's mind, and he feels a little more balanced. "A good friend is a friend indeed." The image of a flickering candle appears to Andreth's minds' eye. "Speak to me child, more often. I am ... not only at the shrines."

The man grins, watching the charge, and rolling out of the way. He sticks out an ankle, enroute.

Andreth nods to the image he sees with his soul. "I would be honored..."

There is the feeling of a chuckle, and then the warmth in the scar fades. The candle flames settle back down, and all is quiet again. Sister Ursula looks a trifle shocked.

Ash knows this one, at least, from a number of bar fights - nothing like arranging for someone to crash into a table to make yourself look innocent. He's not good enough to counter it, but he's quick enough to lash out an arm: if one falls, so perhaps will both.

Andreth opens his eyes, and blinks at the candle flame, and smiles at it as if in farewell. He then glances at Ursula, looking quizzical at her expression.

Pat, who had dragged the others back just in time to watch the candle flames flickers, looks absolutely spellbound. And uncharacteristically silent. For all of two minutes. Then he bounced up to Andreth. "What's she like? Is she pretty? Did she like you? Does she like her church? Does she think Sister Ursula is nice?"

Starguard bows his head, honored to have witnessed such an event...then grins as Pat explodes into questions.

Sister Ursula closes her eyes for a moment, then turns to Pat, thunder clouds gathering on her brow.

The Andvarri, grunting, gets grabbed, and lands on the floor too. His two fellows applaud, as he bounces bak up.

Ash grins and rubs his sore behind in visual appreciation of the tricks the other used, holding out a hand for a few minutes' break.

Andreth blinks at the onslaught of questions... then bursts into laughter, ruffling Pat's hair. "Son, some things you can't talk about to just anyone."

The Andvarri shakes hands, while his partners put on a show just like that one. Except that the passes last longer. Obviously these are trained weapons dances.

Pat ohs, looking downcast, and then shrugs. "Shall I show you the Lady of the Hearth next? She has a really huge candle; twenty wicks. And it burns in her shrine **all** the time." Sister Ursula, meanwhile, merely observes. One eyebrow remains raised. Then she leans toward Andreth. "If you need to talk, our door is always open. The lady is ... intimidating to some."

Yuri turns from the lull in the sparring to take a look at Gerard.

Gerard looks completely bored. He takes one last look at the fighters, and then turns in in his bedroll.

Andreth nods to Sister Ursula. "Thank you, sister..." He stands up and bows again. "We're not staying long, but I would love to hear more about the lady."

Sister Ursula nods. "Pat, why don't you take the others. I would like to spend some time with this young man." Pat nods, tugging on Starguard. "We gotta hurry! Father Brian doesn't like late night visitors."

Starguard nods. "Let's go. I think Andreth and Sister Ursula have a lot to discuss."

Pat grins, leading the two men to the third church. This church, too, stands only a story high, but once inside the front doors your gaze is immediately centered on the shrine. An outsized hearth containing a wide squat candle, with perhaps some twenty wicks, all burning. Pat disappears for a moment, returning with a young man. "This is Father Brian. We caught him just in time." The man nods, dressed in what seems to be a dressing gown.

Sister Ursula, meanwhile, invites Andreth into her parlor, where she pours him some tea. And then she spends several hours telling tales of Merial, the lady who watches all births.

Andreth listens intently, asking what questions he can think of (which are few), but mostly content to learn and understand.

After a short tour of the church, Pat brings Stormy and Starguard back to the barn.

Andreth, too, eventually rejoins his companions.

Pat grins. "Did you like the tour? Did you like Father Heron? Did Andreth really talk to a goddess?"

Starguard nods. "Sometime the gods speak. If we're quiet for long enough to listen to them."

Pat oooohs, totally stricken by that idea. And completely quiet. Ceci comes to collect him, muttering about bedtimes.

Starguard nods to Ceci, and raises a hand. "Hold for a moment..." He digs in his pocket for a silver. "Payment for the night's work."

Pat bounces, clutching the coin, and shrieking with glee about the present he is going to buy, even as Ceci drags him away apologetically.

In the morning, Pat's there to wake everyone up. Mostly by banging on the door and bouncing and telling anyone who will listen about the stuffed pancakes that his mother is cooking.

Tilara stretches as she's woken by the eager kid. "Someone else gets to stand guard this morning. I'm going to eat."

Starguard smiles. "I'll wait this morning."

Andreth nods. "So'll I."

Yuri says, "Then I'm with you, Tilara."

Tilara says, "I'm sure Pat will bring you something, anyway... c'mon, Mirra, let's go see what she stuffs the pancakes with."

Pat nods, and leads everyone back to the same tables. Which have been cleaned and reset. His sister, Ceci, comes out with platters containing piles of stuffed pancakes, with bacon, and sausage, and cheese. She puts out the honey, and invites everyone to dig in. The Andvarri peer at the pancakes, then try some, and are soon enjoying them to the hilt.

Yuri pauses, thinking he should say something to Andreth... but he already knows what's going on. _I need to relax._

Mirra follows Tilara, and then deserts her to miaow pitifully at the kitchen entrance. Which works like a charm. In moments, Pat is kneeling down and feeding her pieces of bacon.

Starguard says, "So...interesting conversation last night, Andreth?"

Tilara chuckles at Mirra's antics. "She's a little scamp, isn't she, Pat?"

Pat looks up, and then feeds Mirra another piece of bacon. "She's sweet. Does she have kittens? Ma says I can have a kitten if I can find one but nobody around here is willing to share because they use them to hunt mice."

Tilara says, "She's never had kittens, Pat, sorry... I'd let you have one if she did."

Pat ohs. "I know a tomcat who throws wonderful kittens! We could introduce them while you run the fair!"

Andreth nods soberly...

Tilara sighs at the boy's antics. "She's ... not that kind of cat, son. She's my familiar. And we wouldn't be staying here long enough in any event."

Pat looks perplexed. "She can't have kittens? Poor cat. here, have some more bacon. Ma won't mind."

Tilara says, "Not so much can't, as won't..." She gives up trying to explain it to the youngster.

Mirra looks up at her owner. _Kittens?_

Masci turns to Yuri. "We aren't planning on a fair, are we? These goods are meant for richer customers ..."

Tilara peers back at her familiar. _Little ones like you. They grow. You have to nurse them._

Mirra tilts her head. _Little ones good._

Andreth hmms quietly. "Funny world... I grow up serving Brother Oak... but now I find myself seeking out the Lady of the Hoe. Is this how the world works?"

Starguard chuckles. "I don't know, Andreth. All I know is that the Stars chose me, and Merial has chosen you. And it's not a good idea to spurn the gods."

Yuri shakes his head at Masci. "Less my concern than getting to Citadel in a hurry. We've got other pressures on us."

Masci nods. "I'll let you break the news to the youngster. And you can give him this." Masci hands over a small ribbon, embroidered with kittens.

Andreth nods.

Yuri nods back at Masci. "I'm sure he'll appreciate it. Didn't know you carried anything like this."

Masci grins. "I keep a few pieces for the younguns. Pat reminds me of my brother."

Yuri says, "Younger brother? I've got one of those, in Woolwich. Where does your family live?"

Masci blinks. "Red River Town, of course. It's why I was apprenticed to Minas Pjurin."

Yuri says, "Well, people do travel, and some families certainly go beyond one town. Family feuds certainly do."

Tilara says, "You can say that again...."

Masci nods. "But our home base is by the Red River. We travel enough for business."

After explaining to Pat that there would be no fair, and consoling him with the kitten ribbon --- which he proclaimed to be exactly perfect --- the caravan got underway.

---

Edited by Will McDuff. Comments, questions, errors? E-mail him at [wmcduff@mac.com](mailto:wmcduff@mac.com).