The White Company, pigs and books in tow, were gathered in their headquarters - the room the kobolds had allotted them. The books remained unread, the scrolls remained puzzling, and there was much learning to be done.

Starguard hmmphs, frowning. "We need a professional to help us with all of this. We aren't meant for pulling apart traps. We try not to get into them in the first place."

Zinzer sits on his haunches in front of the pile of spellbooks, fingers steepled in front of his face. "Our 'professional' is a pig."

Starguard shakes his head. "Tilara isn't exactly great at picking apart traps either. Still...I think we need to continue into the lair. The brazier and man in flame, these images have been haunting us for months."

Tilara grunts and flops down, nudging Starguard toward the book she had him keep separate.

Ash thinks for a moment. "Hey," he says at last, "anyone got a mirror?"

Zinzer reaches into his pack beside him with one hand, without looking, and produces a small metal mirror. He doesn't take his eyes off the pile of spellbooks.

Starguard raises an eyebrow, curious at what Ash has planned.

Ash says, "Well, it just seems to me if there's any more of those snake-creatures, reading a book out of a mirror will make them jump out the wrong direction. They only last for the one reading, and the book is safe thereafter, right?"

Zinzer purses his lips. "That... could work."

Starguard says, "Maybe. Be difficult to read in reverse, though. Might not set it off."

Ash gestures. "So why not try it? I'll give it a try, if you want. I'm no expert, but if all that's required is reading, as has been shown, then I'll be out of action again and you can make use of what you need."

Zinzer says, "Umm... at the risk of sounding selfish... I shouldn't be the one to attempt. I can undo the aftermath."

Zinzer's eyes drift towards Starguard. "Someone has to read these. I think we need a volunteer."

Starguard says, "I could, for all the use I've been lately."

Ash nods. "Alright then. If reading a reflection doesn't trigger the thing, we're on good ground. If it does, it should go the wrong way. Either way, it seems like we ought to do what we can."

Tilara oinks and moves to interpose herself between Starguard and the books. She nods to Ash.

Zinzer says, "Right. So. Brother. If you'll be so kind as to lead the recitation?"

Zinzer gestures towards the book that Tilara seems so attached to.

Starguard chuckles. "I don't think Tilara wants me to read for some reason. I suppose I shouldn't at that. Ash? Andreth?"

Andreth shakes his head. "I c'n hardly read front ways out, much less inna mirror."

Opening the book cautiously, his hands fumbling a little as he uses a mirror, Ash turns the pages looking at each page carefully. The pages are turned away from him, which might afford more safety. But even as he sees the characters suddenly change into the easily remembered sigil, the snake flows out of the page, heading unerringly for the closest living creature. Still him, he fears. He hears the crash, he feels the bite and ...

An amber shell of light encases his body, as the book drops to the ground.

Zinzer rubs the bridge of his nose with a sense of resignation, and then spreads his arms wide and mutters some mystic syllables.

Zinzer finishes the spell, power flowing out of the final syllable with a quaver, hands spread wide and high. _Be done!_, he speaks.

The world heeds not Zinzer's words. Especially the bit of the world controlled by the late Lady Achmadina.

Seconds pass. Zinzer holds his pose. Little else changes, save the drifting of dust motes.

Starguard sighs. "Figures. Doesn't matter the facing, it matters how quick you are. I think, perhaps, that Andreth might be the better person to set off such traps. Erm...isn't the glow supposed to be gone, Zinzer?"

Tilara grunts something that manages to sound sarcastic.

Zinzer says, "Yes. That's the part that was missing, thank you, Brother, I thought I'd forgotten something."

Andreth rubs his chin, pondering the illuminated figure of Ash. "Guess this sort of thing is trickier 'n it looks. What am I sayin, it already looks pretty damn' tricky."

Starguard shrugs. "Always glad to be helpful."

Zinzer repeats the ritual. Some of the gestures are subdued, and some of the syllables are less embellished. A faint look of fear is present on his face.

Ash comes alive, looking down at the dropped book. ".. Nope, mirror doesn't help," he observes laconically, scooping up the volume and continuing to leaf through it.

Starguard says, "Andreth? Perhaps you might prefer to try? You're the fastest of us."

As he continues leafing, Ash doesn't hear any more crashes. He notices some of the letters seem to be moving around, and he gets the impression of being watched. But no snakes. Not a single one.

Tilara nods, and taps a hoof three times.

Starguard blinks, peering at Tilara. "Three? What about three?"

Zinzer says, "Yes. I think that perhaps Ash would be more than willing to give someone else a chance to share the fun."

Tilara noses the book, hisses like a snake, and taps three times again.

Ash snaps the book closed after several more pages, then offers it to his comrades with an arm outstretched. "The letters move, but I still seem to be alive," he notes. "Caution is indicated."

Zinzer says, "Starguard, don't you have some means of speaking to swine?"

Starguard shakes his head. "Only one for today, I'm afraid."

Zinzer closes his eyes. "You could draw the words with your nose again, Tilara. I shudder to think what trying to communicate with charades would resemble."

Zinzer does, in fact, shudder, and opens his eyes, looking expectantly at the Tilara pig.

Starguard says, "Or draw with something held in your mouth. Do you have charcoal, Zinzer?"

Zinzer says, "Chalk. And a pen. No charcoal."

Starguard says, "Chalk would do, I think."

Tilara nods at 'chalk'.

Zinzer patiently sets the chalk out in front of Tilara.

Andreth hrms. "Well. Y'know, I seem t'remember there was only three snakes in that book. Ash got bit by two, 'n Tilara just only barely got missed by one." He glances at Tilara. "Was that the three y'were talkin' bout?"

Tilara gets as far as 'THroe SnAKs' when Andreth makes his comment. She squeals excitedly, nodding at him.

Andreth scratches his head. "Okay... is that important?" He glances at his companions. "Is there some kinda limit on how many y'can put in a book or somethin'? I don' get it."

Zinzer says, "Hmm. Three per volume, you think?"

Tilara nods again.

Starguard ahs. "In that case, would you like to go over the book, friend wizard, while we try to disarm another?"

Zinzer nods. "Yes. I'll read this one. And if I happen to end up as a fly in amber... well... nobody drink my brandy."

Zinzer sits cross-legged on the floor, and begins reading the book.

Holding the book very, very carefully, Zinzer flips the pages. He reads past the table of contents, still written in a spidery hand, and mumbles under his breath. Then, noticing what he's doing, he stops voicing the words. _Unseen Servant, ah, that's fairly simple, and here's Feeblemind. And this spell to fabricate goods? I wonder what she ... And then there's ..._ Entranced, he keeps flipping pages, reading of spells that grow animals, interpose magical hands, and ah! The money spell. Here's the spell that seemingly lets you change the shape of another.

Zinzer settles down, reading the spell carefully, following with his finger.

Andreth watches Zinzer quietly, and picks up another book, but does not open it yet, instead waiting for Zinzer to complete what he's doing with the book he has.

While Zinzer peruses the magical tome, Andreth turns another book in his hands, and scratches his head. Then, he turns to Tilara. "Here," he says, "d'you know if'n there's another one o' these we should be readin'?"

Tilara peers at the spines, hoping to find titles.

Numbers appear to be scratched into the spines, but no titles. All eight books look similar, although some are older than others.

Tilara debates the likelihood of the early books not being trapped versus the likelihood that the early ones won't have very advanced spells.

Zinzer motions at the un-numbered book. "Start with that one. It's unique." He says nothing else for many minutes.

Andreth nods to Zinzer. "Well... here, how 'bout you get all of ya's away while I'm readin' this un?" he says, positioning himself in the corner away from the door, the un-numbered book still closed in his hands.

Zinzer looks up, shrugs, scoops up the book, and steps out into the hall. He plops down again and continues reading.

Opening the book, Andreth begins on page one, carefully tracing out the runes. Many seem odd to him, wriggling under his finger and making no sense to him. In a few places he sees half drawn snake sigils, but they seem inert and unresponsive. One of the pages under his hand feels more solid than the others; a harder material than the plain vellum of every other page.

Andreth nods quietly to himself. He hardly expected to actually _understand_ the contents of the volume, and he is not disappointed. However, the heavier page piques his interest, and he calls out into the hall. "It's okay, folks - don't seem to be too many traps on this 'un." As his companions return, he explains his findings.

After calling out to his friends, Andreth turns back to the page. Looking at the runes, he suddenly sees them change, focus, and flare up into a pitifully small set of explosive runes. Just enough, really, to burn the hair off the back off his hands, but not enough for **real** damage.

Starguard peers into the room. "How are you now, Andreth?"

Andreth winces, dusting himself off. "Okay, well, _one_ trap," he amends, looking up at Starguard with soot-blackened face. "Not too bad, really. Just a little singed."

Starguard nods. "Put the book down, and I'll see to you? The next one might not be as kind."

Andreth nods to Starguard, and sets the book down carefully. "I ain't done with the book, I guess. But better safe 'n sorry..."

Starguard quickly calls down the blessing on the stars on Andreth, and then leaves the room, allowing Andreth to continue without the healer present.

Picking up the book once more, Andreth resumes paging through it. There aren't any more heavy pages, but this one has some interesting sketches of porcine heads and hooves. Amazing detail on the hair. Almost as good as the hair sprouting on ...

Andreth cries out, "Gaaah!" as he glances at the back of his hand and spots the hair growing out, and he tosses the book away with a start. The book lands a few feet away, and he takes several deep breaths, which segue into sighs of relief as the new bristles wither and fall away. "Okay, I think I'm done readin' fer today," he remarks as he gets up, wiping his brow and tipping the book closed with a gingerly outstretched toe.

Zinzer rolls his eyes, stands up, and moves off further down the hall, seeking more perfect silence.

Starguard pokes his head in. "What happened?" he asks, worried.

Andreth looks up at Starguard, shaking his head. "I think the book damn' near turned me inta a pig."

Tilara trots in and oinks, sounding amused. She goes over to the book and pokes at it with her snout.

Starguard shrugs. "Not a big deal, then. We've already got Zinzer working to remedy that problem for Tilara."

Andreth hmms. "Well..." he says, "y'know, that gives me an idea. Since Tilara c'n read, mebbe she should try the rest o' it..." he says. "o'course, there's prob'ly other fun stuff I didna get to, so mebbe that ain't a good idea arter all."

Starguard says, "Though she could read that section, I suspect."

Andreth says, "Well, I dunno. I just saw drawin's o' pigs on that section, so it prob'ly ain't all that interestin' ta us." He sighs.

Andreth pipes up. "I'd just like t'add that this book," he says, pointing at the offending volume with a foot, "seemed like notes 'n sketches 'n stuff. Stuff she weren't done with. I saw half-done snakes in it while I were readin', too."

Andreth says, "I couldna make head or tail o' it, the way the words twisted 'n all, but I'm pretty sure it won't hurt anyone ta read the parts I tried. I read it well enough to set off the explodin' page, at least."

Stormy steps forward. "You know, Andreth ... I could try reading it. I ... I had to read some disjointed books when I was younger."

Andreth nods. "Well, ye're welcome t'give it a try," he says, handing the volume to Firestorm. "Just don't go too far past the thick page, an' drop it like it were on fire if'n y'see a picture o' a pig. In fact, prob'ly best ta stop before ye get that far."

Starguard says, "It's alright, Stormy. I'd like to try something, if I may."

Pausing, Stormy looks at Starguard. "Sure?"

Starguard sits down near the book, holding his symbol in his hand, and begins to pray. "Oh, Stars. Guide us now. Is it a good idea for Andreth to continue reading the book without a number?" In his hand, his holy symbol begins to glow...green, a pleasing, good color. Starguard smiles. "I think you should finish the book. Good will come of it, not bad."

Smiling widely, Stormy mutters a few arcane syllables under his breath, and opens his mind up to the strange runes and symbols the Lady Achmadina used to record her thoughts. As he writes, his face begins to light up, and he starts to chuckle. Looking back at Andreth, he grins. "It's her journal. She's writing down her experiments, how she trapped the books so the pigs could still manipulate them. And there's the page ... the one that singed you, Andreth, where she experimented with explosive runes on special metal sheets, and there's the first attempts at ..." He pauses. "Ummm. Someone needs to call Zinzer."

Andreth nods quietly, and goes to fetch Zinzer from his studies of grimoire volume number six.

Starguard says, "What? Erm, Zinzer! You should come in here, please?"

Zinzer steps in carefully, a few minutes later, a pinched look on his face, the book closed and carried under his arm. "I sincerely hope that this is a trivial issue. Because my fragile psyche can't handle anything more serious than people turning into pigs at the moment."

Stormy holds the journal open to the page he found. "Look! This is where she describes building her new set of spell books. You're ... ummm ... we need to find the second copy of the spell." He flips back, excitedly. "And here, if the book is touched by a pig, the snakes remain quiescent, and ..."

Zinzer blinks, and listens patiently. "Let's go over that again slowly, lad?" His voice has no trace of malice or impatience, only curiosity.

Zinzer says, "For starters... what did you do?"

Collecting himself, and slowly calming down, Stormy grins widely. "Well, it's right here. She's taken all her grimoires, and collected all the spells, but some spells - the ones she mucked about with - she copied out twice. Except each copy is imperfect. Put them together though ... " He stops, looking at Zinzer. "Me? I read her journal." He blinks. "All you gotta do is read the magic, and it's all right there!"

Zinzer says, "So... the proper counterspell, is the union of the two copies?"

Stormy nods. "Yes! Exactly! So we gotta find the other copy! And ... uh ..." He stops, looking at Tilara.

Zinzer says, "And the key to disarming the books, is to have a pig touching the book when it's read?"

Stormy shakes his head. "No! No! She doesn't say that! She says ... right here! Look! She's modified the snake attack so that pigs can handle the book, and even if they see the sigil, the snakes stay asleep!"

Tilara grunts, and trots over to pick up a book. She doesn't seem offended.

Zinzer shrugs. "Well. Tilara, if you'd locate the other volume, I can finish this properly?" He opens the grimoire to the transformation spell again. "So... that's why it made no sense..."

Zinzer pauses to put a hand on Stormy's shoulder. "You've done quite well, young man." Again, only lucidity; no malice or sarcasm.

Nudging through each of the books in turn, Tilara turns the pages carefully, her snout more useful than she ever expected. Book 7 of 8 is the one Zinzer will need, apparently. She opens it to the right page, carefully, and looks up at Zinzer, her eyes twinkling. Having read through the other books, she knows what kind of treasure trove the company has uncovered.

Zinzer returns to his reading, in the far corner of the room, with both books. "If you'd assist me, Stormy? This may go faster if we both work on it."

Starguard hmms, and heads off to the mushroom area. In a few minutes, he returns with a piglet, and some truffles gathered from the higher shelves. "Here. Momma agreed to let you babysit for a while, Zinzer. Thought you'd appreciate a little extra protection."

Zinzer cocks an eyebrow, but says nothing, and gets back to work, feeding the piglet bits of truffle occasionally.

After a considerable amount of time, Zinzer and Stormy (and, to some extent, the piglet) have prepared the spell to reverse Tilara's condition. Zinzer stands. "Alright. Tilara, are you ready? Firstmost for this spell, you must be willing to have it cast upon you."

Tilara snorts at that. She nods.

Starguard says, "I would suggest, Zinzer, that she doesn't. That only makes it easier."

Zinzer says, "The formalities must be observed."

Zinzer begins casting the powerful spell. The hand and body motions are slow and deliberate, tracing complex symbols in the air; the magical speech, however, is faster, almost rushed, and repeated several times, louder at each pass. The chanting reaches a crescendo within a span of seconds that seems longer, and on the last repition, he brings his arms down to his sides with a sudden snap and flourish, eyes wide with expectation and hope.

Tilara squeals as the spell takes effect, but the tone shifts rapidly as she changes. Her forehooves splay and soften, her head shifts as her face flattens out, and the bristles fade back into cloth as she returns to her human form. After a brief time, she is her old self, resting on hands and knees where a moment before was an auburn-bristled pig. "Eeeeeeiii! Ow. By the gods, that was an experience." She stands up, a little shaky, and pats herself down, making sure that everything is back where it should be. "Fascinating, but I don't think I want to do it again any time soon." She looks over to Starguard. "Umm... you're not planning to cook pork any time soon, are you?"

Starguard says, "I think I might stick to beef and chicken for a while."

Zinzer says, "Lady. After the events of the past few weeks... I'm strongly considering an obscure practice I have heard of, called 'vegetarianism'."