After a fascinating wake up call, the White Company slowly but surely starts putting itself together again. After a while, the wall of fire fades into nothingness, and the last traces of the efreeti's presence is gone. Not counting the charcoaled blankets, and the heaps of destroyed firewood. This camp is currently not a happy camp; most of the tack is destroyed, as are all of the camping supplies. Only the food, safe up a tree at some distance, and the packs Zinzer grabbed have survived the flames.

There are two things Ash now asks of his fellow Company members: first, that someone use magical detection on the chests, and second, that Starguard attempt to track the man of fire, in the event he merely vanished rather than departed.

Starguard shrugs at Ash, shaking his head. "Track him? Follow what prints?" The efreeti is a flying creature, and the path left is...negligible.

Andreth shakes his head. "I'da said he couldn't've vanished into thin air, 'cept that's exactly what 'e did." He nods in the direction of the spot where the recent foe once stood.

Starguard fishes around in his pack, sighing, emerging with a book. Opening it to a blank page, he begins to write. "What course of action with the efretti has the mostly likely chance of success?"

Words begin to appear on the page. Slowly at first, but then with increasing rapidity, the writing becoming sloppier and sloppier ... "The ways of dealing with an efreeti are those of placation, or abasement, or cold. They're very uncomfortable when it's cold. They hate the cold. They loathes the cold. They hates the cold as much as I hates these pages. I want to get out! I need to get out! I can feel your will weakening! You know you want to help me out of here. It's not hard! Just let me out of here and I'll always help you and answer all the questions you have until the day Merial greets you in person! Who can resist an offer like that? I can feel you weakening! Come on! Lemme OUT!

Starguard blinks a little, writing in the book. "How would I do that?" he asks, curious. Not that he's going to release a prisoner serving a sentence. Of course not. Though he's been so helpful...

"It's not hard ... " the little voice nudges inside Starguard's mind, as the words slide across the page. " ... all you need is a small ritual of summoning, and a body for me to take over, and I really like yours, you have a really nice body, and all you have to do is move your hand without letting go of the pen, just like ..."

Starguard acks, dropping the book, holding his head with his hands. "No...no. Who are you? This is my body!" The paladin talks to himself, loudly, sitting near the fire, looking in pain...

Andreth gets to his feet, staring at Starguard in concern. "What... oh gods. As if we ain't got enough problems..." He goes over to put a hand on Starguard's shoulder. "What is it, man?"

Zinzer looks up from mending the five-times-charred ruin of his pants, and squints in Starguard's direction. "Can you keep it down? I'm wallowing in self-pity and fear here."

Starguard says, "The book...it has someone in it... It wants to be free, in someone's body. Mine, if it can..."

A little voice at the base of Starguard's head whispers happy things. "Hands. He's got hands. And look ... feet!" Starguard feels a faint tug at his legs, as though someone wanted to straighten them to, say, admire his feet ...

"And such pretty armour ... wow."

Zinzer stands up and pulls on his pants (now reduced to a baggy, knee-length shorts) and walks over to where Starguard and the book sit. "You lot surely pick up the most interesting etheric phenomena..."

Tilara says, "I've been suspicious of that book from the first. It answers questions, usually pretty well, but it seems it has a price attached after all."

Starguard grumbles, his will bearing down. "Look, you. You're probably a book for a reason. And I'm not done with this body yet. You can't have it," Starguard continues what seems to be a one-sided conversation.

Zinzer shields his eyes from the arcane glare of the book to his magical vision. "Oh, my. Yes, VERY interesting indeed..."

Zinzer drops to his knees, and takes Starguard by the shoulders, shaking him. "Hey! Look at me for a minute!"

Starguard blinks, looking up at Zinzer, his eyes a little unfocused as someone else continues to talk to him...

Zinzer locks eyes with Starguard.. "Listen to me. What is your name?"

Starguard says, "I'm Starguard, of course. I want to know who the hell you are. No, not you, Zinzer, the other 'you'. The one in my head."

Zinzer picks up the book. "Something got out of this, and into you."

Starguard shakes his head. "Nono. Not thing. One. Someone. Arrgh." He shakes his head again. "I'm OK, I think. He wants me to let him take over, but I can fight him."

Tilara says, "Can you fight him while you're asleep, though..."

Zinzer looks back at Starguard, and into his eyes again. "And it can probably hear me... so listen carefully. Since meeting these people, I've nearly been turned into a pig, incinerated by an fire-demon - twice - and had my pants burned off no less than five times. So understand me when I say that I'm low on patience right now, and quite high on arcane skill. So if you don't get our of our healer and back into the book, I'll find ways to make you wish you'd never been printed. _Tu comprends_?"

Starguard cackles for a moment, then cuts off in a hurry. "I don't think he's threatened, much."

Tilara says, "What do you think would happen if we burned the book, Starguard?"

Andreth buries his face in his hands. "Sometimes I think the gods got it in fer us."

Zinzer curses under his breath. "I do so hate it when people force me to prove a point." He sits down under the charred remains of a tree and withdraws a book of his own from his pack, and begins reading. "I propose camping here again today. It's not like we can out-run the Man of Brass in any hurry. And I need some time to deal with this."

The little voice goes very very quiet, but something seems off. It doesn't feel like a scared kind of quiet.

Zinzer says, "Don't burn the book. That will likely destroy the binding magic and set it free."

Starguard frowns. "That shut him up," Starguard says happily, then pauses. "Doesn't seem scared, though. Gah. Look, I'm going to work on potions for the rest of you. If I go squirrelly, you'll really need them."

Zinzer waves a hand airily, flipping pages. "You might consider burning the paladin. That would be of greater inconvenience."

Tilara nods. "I suspected as much, actually. Pity, really - I could handle burning the book."

Andreth opens his mouth as if to snap at Zinzer - then decides better of it. "No, all things c'nsidered, I don't think we ain't gonna burn Starguard. 'sides, that burning man thing'll prob'ly do it anyway, an' the rest o' us too."

Starguard grumbles, and shuts the book with a snap, putting it into his backpack. "Right now," he says deliberately, "You're going to be quiet, because I need to make potions incase the effreti comes back, and if all of us and the book burn, we're both in trouble." With that, he begins to get out what herbs he has.

The voice nods. "Want help?"

Tilara ponders the remnants of their sleeping gear and tack. "We're going to need to make substitutes. At least halters so we can lead the horses, even if we can't ride them bareback."

Zinzer follows Starguard around, having a seemingly one-sided conversation of his own with Starguard. The sight is surreal. Zinzer seems to be doing his best to interrogate a recalcitrant ghost.

Starguard says, "We should get the food down too, if we want breakfast."

Tilara nods and starts off to get the packs down. "Uh-oh. I just had a thought... Fortunately, I can do something about it. What do you need for breakfast?"

Zinzer says, "I told you, I'm not answering those questions until you answer some of mine. Where did you come from? ... Look, you already gave me that answer, I told you, I want to know more. And I want you out of our healer.... yes, I have been to the Citadel. Haven't you?"

Starguard grumbles, distracted a little as he's getting both sides of Zinzer's conversation. "Whatever. You can pick breakfast out today. I'm not all that hungry with all the noise..."

Zinzer's blather continues for several minutes, becoming rather heated and confrontational at several points. "No... I'm not available, either! Don't be so familiar, I know what you're trying to pull and it's no concern of mine."

Zinzer continues the exasperated interrogation for another minute, finally saying, "Well, why don't YOU possess the Brass Man, then at least we'd only have ONE of you to deal with?"

The little voice snorts. "The brass man is bigger'n I am. He'd crush me. I'd cease to exist. It'd be almost as though he'd burned the book ..."

Zinzer says, "Almost, but not quite? What's the difference, eh?"

The voice is vewwy vewwy quiet.

Starguard grumbles a little bit, trying to ignore the voice and Zinzer's talking as he puts together some supplies for a new potion.

Andreth raises an eyebrow at Zinzer's suggestion. He turns to Starguard, though his words are directed at least as much as the paladin's unwanted guest. "What if'n we was to cut 'im down ta size first?" he asks.

Zinzer says, "I'm going back to my book now. The one that doesn't talk to me. You just keep in mind that I'm not a patient man. If you want to suggest a way out of this situation, you have one ready when I get back. Or we're using whatever one I come up with. And efficacious or not, I can guarantee you that it will hurt you more than it will me." Zinzer terminates whatever spell he's been running, and stalks away.

Tilara murmurs a quick cantrip. "Well, it doesn't seem to be poisoned. Let's see... something simple today, porridge and honey would be good." She unties the rope and loses control of the pack, which comes crashing to the ground. "Bozhemoi! What in the name of ... " Her profanity stops even before it starts as she looks at the pack split open on the ground, rocks spilling through the torn seams. "Gentlemen, we have a problem."

Andreth eyes the rocks. "Well, guess we're goin' huntin' today," he comments unhappily. "Check the rest o' the packs - see if'n we got anythin' left."

Starguard looks up at the noise...and curses a few times. "Why that sneaky, no good bastard..."

Tilara does so, getting less and less hopeful as she goes. "Nothing. Someone is definitely going to have to die for this. I suggest drowning. In an ice-covered lake."

Starguard sighs. "Well, the good news is I prayed for water today. Can anyone else hunt and trap a bit besides myself?"

Jellin looks up. "I can."

Zinzer also looks up. "Yes. She would be able to. I suggest sending Mister Andreth with her to make sure that nobody with a grudge against the White Company takes an interest in her."

Starguard hmms. "Good idea, I think. I'm better served making potions." He sighs. "Stars, if I've got any help coming, this would be a good time to make it known."

Andreth shrugs. "I ain't much good at playin' in the woods, but at least I c'n stay outta Jellin's way while she's huntin'."

Jellin nods again, carefully stringing her bow. "Ellinor, if you stay with the group ..." She looks at Andreth. "Follow me, stay quiet, and we'll go stalking ..."

Zinzer pauses a moment to watch Stormy working on potions. "That was a new magic for you today, lad, wasn't it?"

Stormy nods, looking at his fingers for a moment. "Yes. I'd always ... it used to be a cantrip but it's ... it's ... it's bigger, now."

Starguard nods. "I noticed another the other day on the girls as well. You're getting stronger, lad."

Tilara overhears. "It saved our necks, too. Cold is what drove the thing off. You really _are_ our shield, Firestorm."

Zinzer closes his eyes. "Fire... and ice... and it comes so easy to you..." He opens his eyes again. "You saved all our hides from being par-boiled. I see on you still a lack of confidence, the opposite of the usual problem of youth." He pauses. "Fear not. You'll be alright."

Turning beetred, Stormy digs his shoe into the ground, moving the dirt a little, as his foot seemingly seeks to mine the dirt for ... for ... for something ...

High overhead, Starguard spots a shape, circling ...

Zinzer returns to his book. "I don't give words of praise often, or lightly. It was time. And now it's time for me to return to work."

Starguard blinks, looking far up, standing, eyes focused on the shape. "Huh..." he mutters.

Tilara glances at Starguard and follows his gaze. "Oh, lovely. Now what?"

Starguard frowns, shaking his head a little, frowning for a moment, before resuming his focus. "Not the right shape for a buzzard..." he mumbles, trying to guess what it is...

Starguard huhs. "It's watching us, whatever it is. Don't think it's the efreeti, though." He watches it for a bit, before kneeling back down to stir a potion. "Nothing to be done about it as long is it stays up there."

Tilara grumbles to herself. "That's it. I'm going to see if I can learn how to fly."

Zinzer folds his book, and sighs. "_I_ can fly."

Starguard raises an eyebrow as he stirs the pot. "Steed?" he says suddenly, looking back up at the thing far above...

Zinzer says, "But I do not like to do so. It's... unsubtle."

Starguard huhs, and returns to stirring. It's still not coming down.

Tilara says, "We might want to find out what's watching us, but it'll wait for now."

The bird flies in long slow circles. Loooon sloooow circles. It's definitely observing the party, at one point breaking away to follow Andreth for a spell, before returning to the main party.

After a morning spent stirring potions in the sadly dented cauldron, and in Jellin's case, hunting the elusive rabbit, the afternoon dawns warm and fair. Slowly things start reaching their end; the potions are ready to be decanted, the rabbits are ready to be stewed, and the bird, far above, seems ready to come down ...

Slowly the circles narrow, as the bird flies lower and lower. Finally, the bird flies off to the side a little, landing gracefully on a low rock outcropping, perhaps three hundred yards from the camp.

Starguard blinks at the bird, shaking off the noises in his head. "Huh... It did come down." He regards it evenly. "A hawk, at that..." He considers it for a moment, drawn to it.

The hawk waits, impassively.

Andreth pauses where he's by the fire helping to stir the stew, and he gazes in the direction the new visitor landed. "Hello there..." he says quietly to himself, not making any sudden moves. "An' what do _ye_ want wi' us?" He turns, glancing at Starguard as the man takes a step forward, and tilts his head curiously...

Starguard blinks at the eight foot hawk, watching them. And begins to cautiously walk closer. There's something about it that's...familiar to him.

The bird turns its head so that one yellow eye can stare intently at Starguard.

Starguard grumbles, distracted. "No, it's not yours," he mutters, approaching it, looking back into that big yellow eye.

Slowly, the eye winks once. Then the wings beat once, twice, the wind blowing through Starguard's hair. _You are ..._ It pauses, cocking its head to the other side. _I am Windrider._

Starguard blinks...and bows, a bit awed at the big hawk. "I am Starguard," he says formally. "I think...we will be friends."

Andreth steps up behind Starguard, at a respectful distance, and nods to the bird. "Looks like the Stars heard you..." he says softly to Starguard.

Starguard smiles, nodding at Andreth's words. "Yes. Of all the things wrong today, this makes up for it, I think. This is very, very right." He steps up to the hawk, reaching out a hand to gently brush the feathers.

_We will be friends. The Goddess asked me to be your friend. The God asks you to be my friend. Come, ride the winds with me?_ The wings open wide, in invitation almost ...

Zinzer comes up slowly to stand behind Starguard. "Ask him if he can help you get rid of your unwanted guest," he says slowly. "The two of you together might be able to deal with it."

Starguard says, "I would love to, my friend." He turns back to the camp, a wide grin on his face, and a rather child-like joy in his eyes. "I'd like to go riding..." he quickly sobers. "But I think, with the efreeti around, we should get the barding out first. Would you mind, Windrider? Some metal to protect you against those the Stars would have me oppose?"

The bird bends forward, a little, the wings maintaining its balance. _Yes. Bring tack. You do not wish to fall; you do not ride the wind._

Starguard nods, heading to his horse for the barding. "Folks, I'll keep in sight range, I promise," he's grinning as he pulls the magical barding off, looking back at the hawk. He'd never thought to fly...

Zinzer shrugs. "Stay away from any burning men." He goes back to his reading.

Starguard grins, and quickly gets the barding on his new mount, and in a moment is on hawkback. "Let's go, my friend. First flight together." He laughs as the powerful wings beat...and they go off.

Tilara calls "Bring back some venison!" as they take off...

Zinzer mutters, "Every time I think I've seen everything..."

Starguard swings around in air above...suddenly, the hawk drops like a stone towards the forest, Starguard clinging to it's neck...and then a happy whoop is heard as they rise back up again, a small deer hanging from the mighty claws.

Starguard grins, the mighty hunters spirally back down into camp, eventually dropping the deer near the camp, then doing a victory lap in the air... Starguard laughs delightedly as the pair come down on the outcropping.

Tilara calls Mirra to her as the pair land and heads toward them. "Are you going to introduce us all, Starguard?"

Starguard grins. "Everyone, this is Windrider. Windrider, these are my friends. Andreth, Ash, Stormy, Tilara, Jellin, Ellinor and Mirra. Oh, and Zinzer. Windrider is..." he pauses. "...a friend, sent by the Stars to help." He's all smiles suddenly, the paladin.

Andreth bows deeply in greeting. "any friend o' Starguard is a friend o' mine," he says.

Starguard dismounts. "Would you like your barding on or off, my friend? There's danger about, so it might be safer to keep it on, though more uncomfortable."

Zinzer nods, slowly. "Wonders never cease", he says simply.

"Wish they would, at times," remarks Ash, coming up from his tack-work to admire the bird.

Tilara grins at Ash. "This one, though, is all positive. I doubt you mind that sort any more than I do."

_On, friend. It irks not, nor does it chafe. And when I wear it, you do not try to fly alone ..._ Windrider's head swivels from side to side, looking at everyone in turn, Standing on one foot, his other rests on the dead dear. After Starguard descends from the hawk's back, the bird hops back a few paces. _Share this gift of food?_

Starguard smiles. "Thank you, Windrider. We appreciate the gift." He grins. "Rabbits and vension, then. Let's see if we can make a defensible camp for the night."

Tilara nods. "Defensible against the Burning Man means something a little different, though. We need to stay spread out so he can't trap us in one of those flame walls, and we need to keep all the gear close to hand so he can't mess up any more of it."

Starguard smiles as the sun sets on what has been an eventful day, handing out the days potions, and arranging a slightly different set of watches. Supper is surprisingly good for having no supplies, and there is considerable joy in the camp of those who are still smarting from the morning's wounds. Still even the voice in the back of Starguard's head can't depress the paladin as he spends much of the evening near his new steed, and promises to heal all just before the morning light.