Grikor and Giorno, fully recovered from their tussle with the cats, have returned to camp. While Giorno is proudly showing off his new scars, Grikor sounds a little embarassed that he didn't catch any rabbits or birds for the pot.

Starguard sighs, attempting to save the neglected supper, tired from his rapid healing of everyone.

Stormy helps Starguard, chattering happily about the beautiful cats, and how easily they were defeated, and how Tilara is completely healthy again, and such like.

Yuri uses his rope to carefully tie the paws and muzzles on the big cats, then sits down and eyes them, warily, with a scowl on his face.

The mountain lions remain immobile, eyes closed, bodies relaxed.

Tilara sits with Yuri. "At least we'll know they're Changers if they can get out of that. I suppose it could be a coincidence."

Starguard smiles wearily at Stormy. "Wish we didn't have to do that, admittedly. We saw it coming..."

Yuri says, "They're changers alright. But that doesn't tell us why they attacked us."

Andreth scratches his head, directing a puzzled expression to Yuri. "How c'n you tell? Their paws look normal enough, like cat paws."

Stormy looks confused. "We did?"

Yuri says, "Grik only had hawks and wolves in his camp, but I saw the way they were standing after they took down the boys... these aren't just cats. I can't help but wonder if this is tribal infighting."

Starguard says, "Sure. We didn't send Mirra with them just because she likes to hunt. If it wasn't for her, the boys would be likely dead by now."

Stormy ahs, and digs out a treat for Mirra, then. Hunkering down, he offers it to her, and pets her when she comes close.

Yuri says, "I mean, the hawks and wolves get paid either way, right? They're mercenaries. But we didn't see any cats, and so I think that Grik probably didn't hire any. Maybe they're another tribe, here to interfere in the mercenarys' plans. After all, our own 'empire' has that kind of thing going on all the time."

Yuri thinks for a moment.

Tilara smiles as her familiar leaps down from her arms to get her treat. "This is a good point. It would be bad if our opponents were monolithic while we weren't."

Stormy looks up. "Why would that be bad, Tilara?"

Starguard says, "That's a scary thought, Yuri. Any war would be bloody."

Yuri says, "Hey, Grikor! You ever see cat-men before?"

Grikor shakes his head, studying his bow.

Tilara sits down with Stormy and Mirra. "Monolithic means that they are all in agreement - that they all want exactly the same thing. If they were all in agreement while we were arguing amongst ourselves, they'd have a big advantage."

Stormy nods, eagerly. "But since they're all fighting, they're not really dangerous, and the emperor can deal with them!"

Starguard says, "Grikor? You aren't thinking about heading off to bag some game, are you? If there are two cats, there could be more around."

Yuri drums his fingers on his knee. "If they'd succeeded... then the wolves and Foramen would attack Thorpenhow." He scowls again. "And I take that very personally. All this work to avoid bloodshed... oh, if I get my hands on the person who ordered this, he's going to wish I'd never been born."

Pulling aimlessly on his bow, Grikor sighs. "Spose not. But ... am not good hunter. Not see cats."

Tilara gives Stormy a lopsided grin. "At least he has a chance. But first we have to get through to tell him what's happening."

Nodding eagerly, Stormy jumps up. "We should ... we should get moving!"

Andreth smiles at Grikor. "Don't worry, son. The cats'd prob'ly been hunters much longer than you 'ave."

Tilara says, "In the morning, Stormy. We're not going to get there any quicker by killing the horses."

Meanwhile, the guards have secured the caravan, with the help of the Andvarri, who are watching everything carefully.

Stormy looks at the boys. "We could drop them off tonight. You wouldn't mind, would you, Grikor?" The boy shakes his head, blushing a little at the thought of being escorted like a girl.

Yuri goes to talk to Karlsefni. "It seems that the cats aren't as eager for peace. It disturbs me."

Tilara twitches an eyebrow at Grikor's blush. "Something wrong, lad?"

Karlsefni shakes his head, indicating his lack of understanding. Finally he shrugs. "We bring warning; not explanation."

Grikor shakes his head very rapidly at Tilara. "No sir, nothing's wrong."

Yuri says, "There are others here. Hawks and wolves. We spoke to some. Perhaps we can used these - " he points to the cats " - to get them to talk to us."

Karlsefnir shrugs. "Not speak cat language. You?"

Yuri shakes his head. "No... not without magic."

Hands on hips, Karlsefnir surveys the tied up cats. "So ... why?"

Tilara grins at the 'sir' but doesn't push the issue. "We're not worried about you finding your way, Grikor - you'll probably have to lead us in. But even a warrior needs assistance when many enemies are trying to kill him. No need to be embarassed about that."

Yuri says, "Someone wanted the boys dead. Grikurgrah - the ugly one - told his people to attack Thorpenhow if the boys didn't come back. So, someone wanted the battle to happen."

Karlsefnir ahs, once. "Wars are ... not good."

Shrugging once, Grikor sniffs the air. "Supper smells good. I will eat tomorrow."

Starguard blinks, looking up. "Tomorrow? Why not tonight?"

Giorno grins up at Starguard. "No hunt, no eat. He's in training. Can I try some of that?" He points at the pot.

Yuri says, "Let's bring them back tomorrow. The mages may need their spells."

Starguard ahs. "Certainly. Soup's on, folks. And keep your eyes out, Grikor. Something might investigate the fire."

Yuri nods and leaves Karlsefnir, and looks for Tormel.

Grikor nods, brightening up. Notching an arrow, he finds a small hill so he can stand tall and survey all the land.

Tormel is sitting on the Company cart, muttering under his breath and sketching the mountain lions.

Yuri says, "I'm guessing you've never seen one of those before. And they don't like a natural animal for this area."

Tormel blinks. "Mountain lions? Sure; they're very popular near the capital. They live in caves in the escarpment. But here ... no." He shakes his head. "Seeing them here is a little odd."

Tilara says, "Popular?"

Starguard says, "How are the odds on a war in the near future involving Changers coming, Tormel?"

Yuri says, "I think that they're Changers, but they don't seem to have any odd features. Have you noticed anything?"

"Yes, Tilara. The cubs are caught and raised as hunting pets. Almost like hawks, really." Sighing, Tormel starts paging through his journal. "Those odds are ... difficult to calculate. But I think ... the odds on a border skirmish or two are quite high." He turns to Yuri. "No; they seem perfectly normal to me. Healthy, well fed. The only oddity is that they're here, and not further north."

Andreth says, "So, uh... maybe these're someone's pets?"

Tormel nods. "Highly likely. Note the way they lie passively; they've been captured before."

Tilara says, "You didn't see the way they acted. They were watching for interference after they attacked the boys. Good point about their posture, though..."

Andreth says, "Mebbe they were trained to wait for the hunter to show up?"

Yuri says, "They're unconscious. I'm not sure that they're lying passively by choice."

Flipping to his old page, Tormel resumes sketching. "They watched? Watched whom? I wonder who trained them."

Starguard says, "Perhaps they trained themselves. Wouldn't be surprised if they were intelligent. And listening, for that matter."

Tilara shrugs. "Well, we'll drag them along tomorrow. If the foramen know how to detect Changers, we'll let them deal with it."

Tormel looks intrigued. "Intelligent hunting cats; you could get a good price for those in Citadel. For, let us say, three tenths of the price, I know just the man to buy them."

Starguard shakes his head. "Be too much like slavery. And I think the boys' father has first crack at 'em."

Tilara says, "Besides, we don't have proper cages. Transporting them would be difficult."

Andreth nods to Tilara. "Dangerous, too."

Tormel shrugs. "Pity; I could have made about three hundred on that." He pauses a beat. "You're sure you don't want to reconsider?"

Yuri says, "I don't want to transport dangerous animals... intelligent or otherwise. We've already bitten off more than we can chew."

Yuri says, "I don't think we can guarantee your safety if we take them along, Tormel. Especially if they're Changers. No amount of money is worth death."

Starguard sighs, and shakes his head. "I think we've bitten off even more than that. I think we're getting in way over our heads."

Yuri waits and thinks... "Wait, did you say three HUNDRED?"

Tormel blinks? "Well trained cats like these? Safe as kittens, as long as you keep them leashed. And yes, that would be my share." He pats his pockets, looking for a pen. "I can write you up a little contract now, if you like."

Tilara snickers at Yuri. "_No_ amount of money, remember?"

Starguard says, "Get that look of gold out of your eyes, Yuri. There's no way to transport them that far."

Yuri thinks, obviously torn between green and prudence. "Let's find out if they're Changers first. If they are, I'm not selling them into slavery. No matter how much they've irked me."

Andreth studies the creatures' necks. "Hmm... it kinda looks like maybe they've worn collars before."

Ash thinks for a bit. "How about this. We sell \`em. If they protest, it means they're Changers and we go from there. If they aren't, well then it's no problem. And if they are Changers and go willingly, it's not slavery."

Tilara peers closely. "Really? Hmm. Then they're not likely to be Changers. Maybe they _are_ someone's pets."

Tormel scratches furiously, then holds out the sheet of paper and a quill. "Sign here, and here?"

Yuri says, "You know... there might be a third force at work here. Remember those portals, and the brazier? And the fire we found burning in the woods?"

Yuri says, "What if these 'pets' belong to them? Like we thought that Ferg might?"

Starguard says, "Quite possible, actually."

Yuri says, "Hold on a moment, Tormel. Surely you wouldn't sign your own name to something in such haste?"

Andreth says, "Hah. Someone _else_ wants a war, eh? Figures."

Yuri says, "Let's see how the hawks and wolves react first. And Starguard... please ask the Stars to help us with your truthsayer spell."

Tormel looks at the piece of paper. "Well, my name is mentioned right here, and here, and here, as your representative. I just want to ensure any deal I make will be legal."

Tilara grins. "Always worked for me after I left home... Whenever someone in the Middens decided I'd make a good slattern, I'd start a round of 'let's you and him fight'."

Yuri sighs. "Gods, man, I was nearly killed tonight! I'm not up to negotiating a contract."

Tormel shakes the piece of paper. "It's three sentences. Just sign and date at the bottom."

Yuri takes the proferred piece of paper and reads it in exasperation.

Tilara looks over Yuri's shoulder.

Ash wanders off, with a thoughtful look on his face.

_The White Company hereby deputize Tormel to act for them in the matter of the sale of two mountain lions, well trained. Tormel will be responsible for finding a buyer, and for arranging the sale, in exchange for which Tormel will be paid three gold out of every ten._

Yuri says, "We need to amend this. If we lose the lions, or if we decide not to sell them, we can't pay you."

Tormel sighs, and adds one more line. _Contract may be declaured null and void any time before contact has been made with a willing buyer._ "There, now you can change your mind."

Yuri signs it, and wanders off to his bedroll.

Ash comes walking back into camp about half an hour later, a pair of leashes and collars dangling over his shoulder casually. "Well, they ain't Changers," he drawls.

Yuri thinks, _Like Ash said, if they don't protest, then it's not slavery... maybe..._

Tilara says, "Find any tracks to go with those harnesses?"

Ash nods and jerks a thumb back over his shoulder. "Boots, into the woods."

Ash says, "Figure those two foramen would be much good at tracking?"

Tilara says, "Hmm. Don't know that we want to split up, but... pity we don't have some way to fly."

Grikor looks up. "I can track ..."

Tilara nods and looks to the others. "D'you think we could catch whoever it is?"

Andreth hms. "If we're gonna try, we oughta try now. Leave it till morning and they could be miles away."

Starguard says, "We could try. It's likely only one person."

Ash nods. "We don't even have to catch them. All we need is something concrete, so let's get what we can."

Yuri sighs. "I could go, but right now you could kill me with a mosquito."

Andreth stands up. "I'm still good to go. And I ain't too bad at walking quiet."

Tilara says, "I've felt better, but I still have a couple of spells in me, and a crossbow."

Starguard places his hands on both Tilara and Yuri. "Look after the kids. I don't have much healing left," he admonishes after praying.

Giorno watches, fascinated, as wounds close leaving only a few light scars behind.

Yuri says, "We'll do our best. I hope we haven't waited to long."

Stormy steps forward. "I can come too, Tilara. I still have a lot of magic left in me."

Yuri examines the collars and leashes for a moment.

Ash says, "I'll walk you as far as I got, then come back to camp."

The collars and leashes are practical, made of strong leather. They attach using a simple buckle, and the leashes are each about four feet long, and are attached using a quick release buckle.

Tilara says, "Hasn't been that long yet." She nods to Stormy. "Glad to have you."

Yuri murmurs to Ash, "Once again you catch the important detail that we - I - missed. If you keep this up we're going to be depending on you for more than just your sword arm. Consider the lengths you've gone to preventing bloodshed, when you consider the nature of nobility."

Grikor, now eager to get moving, tugs once on Ash's hand. "We go? Track?"

Starguard says, "I'll stay here. I won't be a lot of use to you in this. And someone needs to look after the caravan."

Yuri waits for Ash to lead.

Ash gives Yuri a long stare. "Farmers don't start wars." He nods and smiles at Grikor. "We are depending on your skills. Let's go." And with that he sets out at a brisk pace.

Harry snorts, having overheard Starguard. "Right. And I'll post a watch, since we're obviously expecting more trouble."

Starguard says, "Not expecting it, but it wouldn't be particularly surprising, no."

Grikor tags along behind Ash, dancing on his heels. But he still has an arrow nocked. When he reaches the footprint he kneels down, and touches the ground carefully. "Young print." He sniffs the air, then crouches down, casting about for more spoor.

Harry shrugs. "We'll keep an eye open. Too many more nights in Thorpenhow, and we'dve gotten soft."

Andreth is quiet as he watches the young hunter work, careful not to disturb him.

Moving closer to the woods, Grikor bends down, fingering a broken twig. He pauses a moment, returning to the first footprint. "Not one of tribe. Too light." Turning back to face the woods, he straightens his shoulders. "They go this way."

Ash looks thoughtful again. "I'll trail behind," he states softly. "Just in case someone yells."

Grikor follows the trail, slowly, at times crawling on the ground, and at other times examining the taller grasses. The trail leads straight into the woods, and Grikor pauses at wood's edge.

Tilara watches the young hunter work, impressed at his skill.

Yuri follows close to Grikor, but quietly, mindful of the last time the Company let him get too far away.

Grikor steps into the shadows of the trees, and then pauses again. He hunkers down, fingering first the ground at the base of a tree, and then runs his fingers over the bark, which looks a little scratches. Still crouching over, he circles the tree once. And then he widens the circle, circling the tree again a few more times.

Finally Grikor shakes his head, as he stares into the branches. "Someone climbed the tree ... but nobody came down."

Tilara says, "Hawks."

Tilara says, "Can we backtrack him instead? The cats couldn't fly in, after all..."

Yuri says, "Hawks..."

Andreth looks up into the tree. "Izzat so..." he says, very quietly. Sure, it _could_ be a hawkman, but it could also be a more mundane person who's still there.

Grikor looks confused. "We did backtrack him, Tilara. This is where he came from."

Yuri says, "Then... where did the cats come from?"

Andreth says, "sssh. Maybe 'e's still up there."

Grikor shakes his head. "I don't know. It doesn't make sense." He walks around behind the tree, and points out two sets of four paw prints. "They were here; they stood. And they must have stood here a long time; see how deep the prints are."

Yuri says, "So... the cats came down the tree, and left from here?"

Yuri murmurs to Andreth, "Wanna check it out?"

Grikor looks confused. "The cats ... the cats _were_ here. But if they'd come out of the tree, the bark should have been scratched."

Andreth nods, and reaches up for the lower branches.

Yuri examines the ground carefully where the footprints appeared. _This isn't the first time things have come and gone from thin air..._

Tilara continues to look around, dissembling a bit. "Gentlemen... someone is up there. Notice that this tree doesn't make any leaf-rustling sounds?"

Ash is meanwhile loitering well behind the group, waiting for a shout or sound of scuffle.

Andreth pauses, his hand on a lower limb. Then begins to haul himself up, with as much quiet and caution as he can manage. "Someone best go get him then," he whispers.

Andreth pauses about 15 feet up, and appears to be studying the area for a moment... then resumes his journey upward.

Andreth pauses as he reaches the top, or at least as close to the top as can support his weight. Then he climbs back down. "Someone _was_ up there, 'n was smokin'," he says in a normal tone as he drops from the final branch. "Been a while, though."

Andreth amplifies, "Smelled smoke, anyhow,"

Yuri hmms... "Any ashes? A brazier? A birdfeather?"

Andreth says, "Didn't see anythin' like that. I could go up 'n look again, but it's a tree. Where you gonna put something like that up a tree?"

Yuri says, "Andreth? Check out the squirrel's nests, there and... maybe there."

Andreth nods. "Will do," he says, hauling himself into the tree to get a closer look.

Checking out the first squirrel nest, Andreth uncovers a handful of acorns, freshly harvested. And a small copper coin. But it's in the second nest, much higher up, that he hits paydirt. A burnt, blackened feather, barely recognizable.

Andreth climbs down with his prize. "Look what we got here," he says, displaying the feather. "It's our old friends again after all."

Andreth hms. "Mebbe a hawkman flew away with the brazier? And it's not as if they're short on feathers," he adds, grinning.

Yuri says, "Oh, wow. Whoever sent the cats, also sent Ferg..."

Yuri says, "I really hate it when I'm right. We'd better get back to camp."

Tilara says, "I'm not sure they actually need the brazier... they just need the feather."

Andreth says, "So was they comin' or goin'? Maybe they brought the cats here with this..."

Tilara says, "They probably could have. Ah, well. Back to camp."

Grikor, looking a lot more cheerful now, leads the procession back. He's almost leaping for joy. And when he reaches the camp, he makes a beeline for Starguard and the food supplies.

Ash links up with the returning crew, questioning them on their finds and pondering the answers.

Tilara grins. "And honor is satisfied."

Starguard grins at Grikor. "What's the catch?"

Yuri fills Ash in. "The burned feather probably means they came in from a gateway, similar to the one that Ferg used, similar to the one we saw on the road to Red River Town. It does not Bode Well."

Grikor bounced. "I caught a man who could fly."

Starguard says, "Sounds good to me. Leftovers, then? There's some stew left, and bread..."

Grikor nods, tucking in hungrily.

Yuri murmurs to Ash, "So... what do you say to stuffing Tiornel in a sack and bringing him back here to answer a few questions?"

Ash blinks lazily, his exhaustion having quite clearly caught up with him. "Dunno.." he mutters. "'d rather surprise him, then see ..."

In the early morning, shortly after dawn, the boys and the cats are both corralled, and following Grikor's lead to the foramen camp. A camp which is much quieter than before. Grikor looks around for a moment, somewhat puzzled, before walking straight to his father's tent. He exchanges a few words with the guard, who ducks inside.

Meanwhile, the cats doze quietly on the cart, which has been emptied of the party's usual supplies to make room for them. The collars fit properly, around their necks, matching the marks Andreth had found previously.

After a moment or two, Grargh and the tall human counselor step out of the tent. Grargh catches Grikor up in his arms, swinging him around once, and then plucks Giorno off the ground to put on his shoulder. The three converse eagerly, in their own language, while the tall human watches.

Yuri stalks up to the tall human.

Jarnen raises one eyebrow. "Greetings. I understand there is a new peace?"

Yuri says, "There is. There almost wasn't. Remember Grikurgrah's orders to you?"

Jarnen nods. "But the sons have returned intact. Is that not fortunate?"

Yuri says, "It is quite fortunate. They were attacked while hunting. I have something you should see, on the cart."

Smiling lopsidedly, Jarnen nods. "By all means. When such a proud warrior speaks, I can but listen." He moves forward, to observe the cats on the cart. "Amazing creatures." He reaches out to pet one, scritching it behind the ears.

Andreth says sourly, "Amazing, eh?"

Yuri says, "They nearly ripped us to shreds. It would make my life much easier if these were in no way connected to you. We've seen hawks. We've seen wolves. It's not unreasonable to think that there's cats where you come from, also."

Jarnen pets the lions, who purr quietly. "My foster brother's second cousin, twice removed, used to tame these magnificent animals."

Yuri says, "So, there are those among you who tame and train these? They are common where you come from?"

Starguard says, "Oh really? Sounds like an interesting fellow."

"Well, yes. And then again, no. Just like any other human, really. Somewhat narrow in his opinions." Jarnen raises one shoulder slightly. "But he was good with the escarpment cats."

Yuri says, "Is that what these are, then? So you'd say that it's likely that our attackers came from Changer lands?"

Jarnen smiles again, lips pressed together. "You're so quick to jump, little warrior. And you jump so poorly. No. Likely is not the word I would choose to use."

Starguard slips up beside Yuri. "You realize that he knows he's in a Zone of Truth," he whispers.

Andreth says, "Well, these _amazing_ creatures nearly started a war," the bitterness evident in his tone. "_Someone_ wants 'em fighting."

Tilara says, "The collars seem to make them docile. We found them discarded after the cats attacked the boys. Someone tried to get them killed. And it seems likely that that someone knew the orders that were given."

Starguard says, "And who exactly could want the chief's sons dead and would have connections with someone who has trained cats?"

Yuri shrugs. "We're just looking for answers. We've worked hard for this peace, and I'm taking it personally that someone is interfering."

Jarnen looks at the three speakers in turn. "Mountain lions are dangerous in the wild; a good trainer will train them to docility when wearing the collar. Notice how it travels across the same area where a mother will carry her cub?" He points at the collar, across the top of the neck. "But getting the cats killed would be a shame. Two such prime specimens." Then he pauses. "Ah, I understand. You speak of the boys dying. Well, not Tiornel, or myself. Grikugrah pays better in peace time."

Yuri nods. "I was really hoping you would say that... but who, then? We think this is caused by the same agency that we've been running into all up and down the road, ever since we left home."

Starguard says, "How about in war-time, though?"

Jarnen pauses. "Or rather, I have such contacts, obviously. As do many of my family. The mountain lion is a powerful ... totem." He smiles wistfully, and quotes a line of poetry: "You have not loved life so well, Have you not loved a lion ..."

Shaking his head, Jarnen turns to Yuri. "I do not know who would see these children dead. But we will guard them well. Grikugrah has few sons, and only one wife. His line could end ... quickly."

Yuri says, "Right, then, let's talk to Grargh and get out of here."

Grargh, hearing his name, steps forward. Jarnen, meanwhile, says nothing, and simply fades back in to the tent. As he disappears through the entrance, he rubs his hands together lightly.

Andreth watches Jarnen depart, his brow furrowing a bit, and glances briefly at Yuri to see if he noticed too.

Yuri turns to Grargh. "We brought them back. Grikurgrah has made peace with Major San. You will have access to the tower and to human orphans. They must have told you about the cats."

Grargh nods. "The healer was powerful."

Starguard bows, smiling. "Thank you."

Yuri nods and scowls. "These cats... someone trained them to kill. Someone wanted war. The Changers train cats like these, but so do people in the Flatlands."

Grargh shrugs. "Warriors exist everywhere."

Yuri says, "Not all warriors want to start wars."

Grargh shrugs again. "A warrior makes war."

Tilara says, "But he should have a reason."

Starguard says, "Warriors fight war. Politics make war."

Grargh tilts his head. "Distinctions are the work of a politician. Grikugrah leader; he leads. Not I."

Yuri says, "We brought the sons back. We have to get moving. Is honor satisfied?"

A single nod. "Honour is satisfied. Six warriors I see before me. Six warriors speak in council." Grargh grins. "Grikor has made six good friends."

Andreth smiles and bows. "Just watch out, that's all we're sayin'. Someone wants you fightin' the _wrong_ people."

Grargh returns the bow. "Grikugrah will be told."

Two of the foramen have left the leader's tent and faded into the woods around the camp,

Yuri studies Grargh carefully for a moment, and then bows as Andreth did. "We'll leave after a short rest. It's been a long night."

Grargh nods. "The women will feed you." He claps his hands, and two women come out of the women's tent, still giggling, and carrying bread and cheese.

After spending an hour or so waiting, and entertaining Giorno, the party stretches. It's time to get back on the road. Foramen have been filtering back into camp, and by now the boys look well protected.

Tilara juggles idly while she waits, keeping the kids entranced. But time is really beginning to press, without any further ado, the party leaves, waving a fond goodboy at the boys. Once back at camp, they find the rest of the caravan packed up and ready to go, although the company goods have to be repacked carefully on the company cart.

Still, that too is completed in short order, and by midmorning the caravan is on the road. They press hard today trying to reach Githa by nightfall.

Ash tunelessly whistles marching songs to himself.

Yuri walks near the front of the caravan in his traditional role of scout. _That was really touchy. I hope the town still stands when we come back. Oh, well. For now we don't have to worry about it._

It's a close run thing, but the party reaches Githa just as the sun goes down. The town, a simple place where farmers gather and caravans pause, looks sleepy in the setting sun. A single guard challenges the caravan, and then directs them to the caravanserai, where yet another Caravan master solicits the standard contribution for a night's rest.

As he pays the Caravan Master, Yuri asks about the town's leader, and is director to the home of one Friar Brandwell. The good Friar lives in a small house, beside the main temple of the town, and when Yuri, Ash, and Tilara go to deliver the letter they is immediately admitted into the main, nay, the only room of the house. And the walls of that single room are filled from end to end with bookcases, crammed full with text, knick knacks, and such. A skeletally think man rises from behind the desk. "Greetings."

Yuri bows slightly to the friar. "We are from the White Company. We have a message for you from Major San of Thorphenhow. I'm Yuri, this is Ash, and Tilara."

The man nods his head, accepting the letter. "Thank you. If I may?" He gestures with a letter opener.

Tilara bows as she is introduced, and continues to take in the shelves of books. _Quite a change from Thorpenhow. I like his taste in decorations, though._

Yuri nods. "We'll answer any other questions you have."

Quickly breaking the seal, the Friar reads the letter through quickly. Then he reads it through again more slowly, one hand scratching his chin. Finally he looks up. "Can you tell me more about these ... these foramen?" He tries the word tentatively.

Tilara says, "Bigger than humans, smaller than giants. Remarkably ugly, but their leader, at least, seems honorable. We left with a fragile truce in place."

The friar nods. "So Lady San writes." He reads a little further. "And the barrows? The dead are walking?"

Yuri nods. "The Foramen... they're a warrior tribe, probably descended from the ancient servants of Methilwillani. They're unpleasant to look at and rough-mannered but I think they will keep their promises."

Yuri says, "They also value their children quite highly, probably because they have so few. I can think of worse lives."

Yuri says, "We didn't see anything wandering around outside of the barrows themselves, but we encountered some... things... inside two of them. We needed to enter the barrows to prove our bravery to the Foramen, who trust no one who has not proven themselves in battle."

Tilara nods. "They seemed to walk only when disturbed."

The friar nods. "Very well. Sounds ..." his lips twist, as though he tasted something exceptionally sour, "sounds barbarian, and brutish. But there is honour among brutes too. But we'll start a regular messenger service, I think. And Lady San offers to take some of our orphans." He brightens up at this. "I'll send the first passel tomorrow; trade has been slow and the temple is getting pressed."

Yuri says, "Umm... don't send them unguarded. And we can't offer an escort ourselves. we're under some urgent deadlines."

The friar nods. "Very well. We'll send a small troop as messengers. This may be the road to further trade between us. Lady San always was a little particular."

Yuri says, "Someone tried to sabotage the peace treaty by killing Grikurgrah's sons. We were able to prevent it, but if they had not returned alive, I'm sure the Foramen would have taken it poorly. The road is open but still very dangerous."

The friar pauses a moment. "Grikugrah? Small chap, ugly as sin, has a fondness for bone plate?"

Yuri says, "Well, not so small, but otherwise, yes, I take it you've met him?"

The friar nods. "Did his novitiate here, before disappearing again."

Yuri says, "Disappearing... again? I'm surprised enough he was ever seen in human settlements at all."

Tilara says, "His novitiate? In what temple?"

"Surprised? Why? Ah; you mean, his appearance. Well, it ... suited him. And seemed appropriate. And he certainly seemed gods touched. So we took him in. And then, shortly after we introduced him to our god, he left." The friar shakes his head. "So sad, really; he showed such potential ..."

"Which temple?" The friar smiles. "Why, ours, of course. Ungfallen's Hall."

Yuri says, "Umm... Friar Brandwell... have the barrows always had restless dead?"

The friar shakes his head. "No; not really. Usually we leave them alone, and they leave us. The occasional novice, of course, goes to try his mettle, and sometimes even comes back alive, but ..."

Yuri thinks, _I really don't want to find out that the Barrows are a hornet's nest with Grikurgrah as their king..._

Yuri says, "I... I see. Well, perhaps if there's nothing else we can do for you, we should be on our way."

Tilara says, "I suspect he's been continuing his studies on his own, sir. I wondered how someone that small could lead a barbarian tribe.... but he's also wise enough to see that he should turn his tribe over to the smartest of his children, not necessarily the eldest."

The friar nods at Tilara. "I'm happy to hear he's doing well. He was always an awkward boy. But then, the gods touched often are, aren't they?"

Tilara turns back just as they are about to leave. "Oh, yes. If you have any messages to send to the Citadel, we'll be happy to take them."

Yuri says, "Well, all that bone plate, and the Foramen camp was so close to the Barrows... if Grikurgrah studied with the priests of the Lord of the Underworld, it fits."

The friar nods. "I'll have my report ready to go by morning. And thank you." He smiles. "I'll also send along a little ale tonight. You've had a rough trip."

Back at the caravan serai, the rest of the company is quickly brought up to speed. Stormy looks a little puzzled about the comments about the temple. Why would Ungfallen be so appropriate?

Tilara says, "It would explain why he's able to camp near the Barrows safely..."

Andreth looks quite animated as Yuri recounts the visit with the friar. "Ungfallen's Hall? I wish I'd been there with y'all..."

Yuri says, "You could drop in on the friar yourself, Andreth. I'm sure that if it's a religious matter he'll make time."

Yuri says, "It would also explain the bone plate, Tilara. I just hope he's not stirring up the dead on his own."

Tilara nods. "Got that right."

Andreth nods. "I'll do that after supper," he says.

The temple itself is much more imposing than the friar's simple house, rising as it does over the neighbouring buildings. Built like a ziggurat, it towers over the town. The front doors stand permanently open, the doors themselves, once made of stone, lie crumpled on the top steps.

Evensong sounds, as young voices sing about whistling while they work. Some of the voices are even in tune.

As Andreth and Starguard stand in the entrance, they see four or five boys whizzing around on the stone floor, with brushes strapped to their feet. The last boy, who sings the loudest, carries buckets of water, splashing them down.

Starguard smiles. "Cheery place, for the halls of the dead..." he says.

One of the boys spots Starguard, and yelps. A deep hush falls, and the boys set to scrubbing furiously.

Andreth nods a little. "Perhaps Ungfallen's Hall is just another place, to them..." As the tone of the novices' behavior changes, he grins, and elbows Starguard lightly. "Guess you look like a boss-man."

The tallest of the boys approaches carefully. "Sir?"

Starguard says, "Mum's the word." He winks conspiritorily, "We're just here to see the father."

The boy nods. "Friar Brandwell? He's tucked in for the night, sir."

One of the other boys hisses at him. "We can take you to novice master! He won't mind."

Andreth smiles. "That sounds just right." He's not even quite a novice, after all, despite his personal experience. "Lead the way."