Tilara leads the way back, letting 'Marlin' follow her, though Mirra unobtrusively falls in behind to watch in case he tries to bolt. "Do you really want to come with us? It's boring sometimes with no other kids to play with."

Marlin nods, looking around carefully as he spots the others step out. He bites his lips, and his shoulders hunch up, before he straightens a little. "I'm too old to play games. I'm going to be a page this summer."

Tilara acts suitably impressed. "A page? Really?? Are your parents that important?"

A panicked look and Marlin takes several steps back. More as he notices Ash hanging out with a bow to hand, strung but not nocked. "Uh .. ummm ... well ... uh ..."

Ash puts down his bow a moment, waving as the pair come into view. "Hello there," he calls, waving with a friendly smile growing on his face.

Zinzer sits cross-legged with his spell-book open, trying his best to look like the non-threatening bookish uncle.

Andreth, for his part, decided that his ugly mug should be the last thing the kid sees. Accordingly, he'd arranged with Tilara what direction she would return in, and is now sitting in the lotus position, facing away from young Marlin, apparently deep in meditation.

Marlin waves back cautiously, his hand going to ... to .... His hand pauses, at his belt, which is amazingly lacking in implements of self defense. "Hello?" He looks back at Tilara, and the tones in his voice include betrayal. "I thought you were traders?"

Tilara turns. maintaining her disguise for the moment. "We are, sometimes, Marlin. But we're really spies. The Emperor sent us out this way to take care of a few things, and now we have a problem. I think it's the same problem you have." She gestures toward the fort. "Is that really Marrinan in charge there?"

Marlin's eyes narrow, and he looks around again, more carefully. Then he looks at Meliandre, and Azaril, sitting further back, and he looks at Andreth's back. He takes a step back, and then sprints around to get a good look at Andreth's face.

Zinzer looks startled. "Whoa, there, child! We are not the enemy!"

Andreth turns to the lad as he hears the approach, and nods. "Ah, hello, lad. Pleased t'meetcha," he says, trying to seem as non-threatening as possible.

Still standing in front of Andreth, he glares at the young monk. Then he looks at the girlish Tilara again, and back at the monk. Finally he looks at Zinzer. "Prove it! He said he wasn't the enemy! He said our Prince sent him! He said he was my Grandfather! He said he was going to take me to Great Great Grandfather, to be his page! And then he threw daddy in the dungeon!"

Zinzer says, "We will prove it to you, especially if the 'he' you mention that threw daddy in the dungeon, is the same 'he' that told the soldiers to shoot us full of holes." He pauses. "Your Great Great Grandfather is the Emperor, and your father is the real Marrinan. I gather that these others have met Marilan, wife and consort to the Emperor. Perhaps they can convince you; but that shouldn't matter. If I know them, they're going to get your father out of the dungeon."

Tilara sighs. "We can't prove it, Marlin. Not by saying words. But we're on the same side as you; this man claimed to be acting for the Emperor and then stole our means of communicating with him. We're the White Company..." She grins at the other mage. "Well, most of us are. Zinzer hasn't joined yet, officially... and we specialize in doing crazy impossible things that need doing."

Zinzer says, "It's sort of what they do. They got me out of a dungeon a few months ago."

Marlin shakes his head vehemently. "Nononono. Great great _great_ grand father is the Emperor. Great great grandfather is our Prince, Aglamarno." He giggles for a moment. "You thought I was going to be a page for the emperor? Me? A changeling?"

Zinzer says, "Wait. You're a changeling? Then perhaps we have some of your other family here with us."

Tilara nods. "Indeed we might. And I wouldn't be so sure that the Emperor wouldn't make you a page, Marlin. He sent us out here to make peace with the Changers, and I think we've succeeded. Meliandre is their ambassador to him - if this fellow who claims to be your grandfather doesn't start a war instead."

Marlin shakes his head at Tilara. "He's not my Grandfather. He's a ... ummm ..." He pauses for a moment, grasping, then remembers. "He's a great uncle. One of grandfather's brothers!"

"I think." Marlin's voice is very quiet.

Ash keeps his bow half-ready, but a smile still adorns his rugged features. "Alright, Marlin.. why doesn't Tilara introduce us to you, one by one, and then you can tell us about your family, and what's going on? Are you willing to do that?" he asks.

Marlin looks over at Ash, and again, his hand pauses on his hip. His teeth worry at his lip, before he finally nods, and shivers in the slight breeze.

Tilara smiles. "Might as well do it that way. The fellow with the bow is Ash. He's a warrior of the White Company. Zinzer there is a wizard, who we met a few months back up in the mountains while helping some of the Changers. The fellow sitting cross-legged is Andreth, our specialist in unarmed combat. Meliandre is the Changer ambassador, one of the Elk clan; the fellow sitting beside her is Azaril, her bodyguard - and lifemate, if I am not mistaken?" She quirks an eyebrow at the Cat.

Azaril raises one of his eyebrows in response, and nods. "Indeed." His voice is somewhat deeper than usual, and he turns to look at the boy. "I am also your cousin, boy. Your mother's great grandmother was sister to my grandfather."

Zinzer pulls a threadbare blanket from his pack, and gestures at Marlin with it. "You must have had some ride getting out of the castle. You look cold."

Marlin accepts the blanket, looking down at his stained clothes. But, he obviously reasons, Zinzer can see how foul his clothes still are, and he's cold, and the blanket is warm, and the wind is cold.

Zinzer says, "Well, now, lad, it seems you're among family after all. Perhaps we should find a place to warm up, and discuss how we're going to put your grandfather back in charge of his castle, before your greatuncle does something the world will regret."

Tilara says, "We're missing our healer, a follower of the Twin Stars - he's making a quick flight to try to get a message through to the Emperor. He rides a giant hawk named Windrider. And I am the resident sneak, though I'm also a sorceress - my name really is Tilara, though, and you've met my familiar, Mirra." The little cat purrs. "I think this spell's about to wear off anyway..." She closes her eyes, and her form shimmers as she regains her normal appearance. "I think we might have some clothes for you to wear while we clean those up, and ..." She takes her own dagger from her belt and hands it to the boy hilt-first. "If you'd feel more comfortable with this on your belt, take it with my blessings."

Wide-eyed, the boy accepts the knife, and belts it quickly and easily to his belt. From that moment on, his right hand always rests on the knife, as he turns to look back at Tilara, absentmindedly correcting Zinzer. "No, Dad runs the castle. Grandfather's dead."

Ash hums slowly. "Then, perhaps you can tell us about this. How all this happened, what happened to your father, anything you have learned since then?" he asks, gently.

Zinzer says, "Perhaps not now, Ash. Others might be prying."

Ash shrugs. "Then we shouldn't even be here, should we," he offers.

Tilara says, "We have to be -somewhere-. Wait a tic..." She pulls a ring off of her left hand. "Here, Marlin. Put this on."

Marlin nods, and assumes a wide legged stance, as though ready to recite his lines. "Three years ago Mummy died when I was sick and Dad was very sorry and he was very glad I didn't. At least, he was once he recognized me." He gulps. "And he kept me and told me I was going to be his page, and I would be his squire. And then in Merinel he changed his mind, and said Aglamarno would accept me as his page on the first day of Hammer. So when Great Uncle Fiorin came so early, Dad told him he was too early and he'd have to come back, and they yelled at each other and I was sent to bed and then I got very sleepy and then I woke up in the tower where we used to keep the really important prisoners ..." He pauses to slide the ring on.

"... and then they wouldn't leave me out, and Fiorin came and yelled at me every day, and he stopped yelling when a group of soldiers arrived. After that he didn't sound mad; he just sounded really, really quiet, and then he didn't visit me one day, and I heard that there were strangers at the gate, and ... and ... and ..." Marlin stopped. "And so I thought I'd climb down the privy, just like the great Ulyssena, when she escaped from the castle in the mountains, to be with her true love, but nobody'd cleaned the privy and I _stink_!" And suddenly, Marlin stopped.

Tilara chuckles. "Aye, the bards never mention the nasty parts, do they? So what was your great-uncle yelling at you about at first?"

"He wanted me to swear fealty! He wanted me to be _his_ page! But I couldn't! Dad had promised! I was gonna serve with Prince Agla ... Agla ... Great Great Grandfather!" Marlin bit his lip. "And Dad taught me that a promise was like a vow, and sacred, and so I couldn't swear fealty, could I? And Great Uncle Fiorin would yell, and rage, and he'd argue, and he'd tell me Dad had changed his mind, but he wouldn't let me talk to Dad."

Tilara nods. "Which probably means that your father _hadn't_ changed his mind at all. That's what you thought, too, I take it?"

Marlin nods. "Dad doesn't go back on promises ever." He holds the knife. "That's why I'm a Changeling, and ... uh ..."

"Well we don't go back on promises either," says Ash, calmly but firmly, gesturing to his fellow travelers. "And we promise that if we can, we are going to help you and your dad."

Marlin nods again, looking a lot happier. "We're going to go in and smash him on the nose?"

Tilara says, "And let's start by cleaning you up. Hold still..." She focuses on the boy, murmuring the words to a minor spell, and starts working the filth out of his clothes.

Zinzer says, "Wait... did you say his name was Fiorin?"

Marlin nods?

Zinzer flips through a notebook. "I wonder which one he is... there's four in Aglamarno's family... one is dead, one is disowned, one has about 20 kids, and one is missing from the stage of history."

Zinzer says, "If my notes are correct, this lad has two great-uncles, named Nanural and Wieral. Fiorin is someone else entirely."

Tilara says, "Well, it might be a bit vague about who qualifies as an uncle."

Zinzer folds the notebook shut and returns it to his pack and shrugs. "No matter who is related to whom, someone is rotten in the state of Aglamar."

Tilara nods. "At least it doesn't seem to be the Prince."

Marlin looks confused. "But ... But Dad ... But ..." He pauses. "Dad didn't call him Great Uncle. He told me who he was, later."

Zinzer says, "Well... do you remember what he told you? You've done a great job so far. The things you've told us may save many lives. You've got the memory to make a good page."

Marlin nods. "He told me he was Grandfather's youngest son, and he was the ... the Captain of the House Guard of Prince Aglamarno and he told me all the pages would serve under his direction and he'd oversee my training and ..."

Ash scratches his head. "Why the captain, and not the prince?" he asks. "Whom would you be serving?"

Marlin pauses a moment and bites his lip. "He told me I had to swear. That the kingdom depended on it. That the fortress would fall if it didn't!" Then he turns to Ash. "I was promised to Prince Aglamarno! Dad told me again and again! Made me learn how to bow and ... and _everything_!"

Ash nods slowly. "So this.. Fiornin, he told you these things?" he asks uncertainly.

Marlin nods, decisively.

Tilara nods. "And we'll get you to Prince Aglamarno, Marlin. As soon as we can. The question is whether we try to retrieve our crystal first."

"How is the fortress going to fall based on your oath?" asks Ash, quietly. "Did he say why that would be?"

Marlin shakes his head, uncertainly ...

Tilara says, "Another one of those darn prophecies, I'd bet..."

Ash smiles and claps his hand carefully on the lad's shoulder. "Marlin, it sounds to me like you are a very important young man," he says. "We are going to see the Emperor, because of our traveling companions. If we can free your father, and with his permission, you can go with us and tell him all about what's happening here. And we can see who you will be a page for, or perhaps something more. Will you help us in every way you can?"

Marlin pauses a moment, then nods. "Yes." He pulls out the knife, and makes a shallow cut in his left palm, letting the drops of blood fall on the ground. "With my blood, I will aid you. With my strength, I will aid you." The drops of bloods glow as they fall, and are quickly absorbed into the mulch, while the wound in his hand heals in moments. He holds up his hand to show it to the group. "The vow is true."

Zinzer raises an eyebrow and looks impressed. _I wonder where he learned that one._

Zinzer says, "We would have taken your word for it, Marlin. You didn't need to... umm... do whatever that is that you just did."

Marlin blinks at Zinzer. "That _is_ my word. It's the only kind of promise Dad taught me to make. From the blood to the land."

Ash nods slowly. "Then we accept it as such. We have different ways, but not better or worse ones," he concludes with a smile.

"Dad always said ... says ... it's very important to promise properly." Marlin swallows carefully.

Zinzer speaks towards Meliandre and Azaril. "It seems we have a matter of internal politics to attend to. I'm afraid this will necessarily delay your mission to the Citadel." There is the hint of amusement on his face. _They know full well that this is for the good of us all._

Azaril smiles. "When a cub makes a mess, it lingers least when it is cleaned soonest."

Meliandre moves forward. "Would you prefer our aid, or can we help best by staying back?"

Zinzer smiles and nods. _I'll just pretend I understood that._

Ash opens his hands. "That I leave to you," he says, gravely. "Obviously your skills, knowledge and perspective could be of help to us. At the same time, your safety is important. If this endangers your lives unnecessarily, stay back. I don't judge that for you. I simply tell you how we all feel, and trust whatever you choose is the right path for you."

Andreth nods to Azaril. "Or as we say, 'nip it in th'bud.'"

Meliandre nods, solemnly. "We will, then, watch, and be ready to lend a hand should the need arise."

Tilara says, "So. To business. Do you know where your father is being held?"

Marlin shakes his head. "In the dungeons?"

Tilara says, "How do you get to the dungeons?"

Zinzer mumbles, "Getting **in** is never the hard part."

Tilara chuckles at Zinzer. "Getting in _unseen_, however..."

Andreth adds, "Or unheard. Or un-smelled. An' so on."

"Well, normally, you go down the staircase in the back tower, and it's two stories of cellars, and then cells, but ..." Marlin pauses. "I don't think Firion will let anyone into the castle."

Tilara says, "How many mages does he have?"

Marlin looks at Tilara. "I think ... maybe ... ummm ..." He shrugs. "There was one of his men, looked just as ... uh ... like " Marlin points at Zinzer. "Like him." He bites his lip. "And he had a priest with him. But I dunno bout the others. They never came to visit."

Zinzer says, "Looked... like me?" He checks his garb. "The poor bastard."

Zinzer says, "How did he look like me, Marlin? I don't look like anybody."

Marlin points at the book. "He liked to read. And he had the same kind of glow as you do."

Andreth raises an eyebrow. "Glow? Yer eyes see things that normal eyes don't, lad."

Zinzer looks uneasy. "Um. Yes. Well. Perhaps you should tell us more about these dungeons you mentioned."

Marlin peers at Andreth. "I do?" He looks back at Zinzer. "You don't see it? He's all warm, and glowing. Kinda like my old tutor. The dungeons? We only ever had four. Two to a floor; two big ones, and then two small ones dug out of the rock below. Those was pits, with lids, and ladders and stuff."

Zinzer says, "Hmm... which one does he have your father in, do you think?"

Zinzer looks back towards the drain that Marlin came out of. "I hope we don't have to go back that way to get in."

Marlin shakes his head. "I ... I don't know."

Andreth rubs his chin. "Well, regardles, we better wait till we got Starguard back. We gonna need everyting we got to pull this off."