Watching the White Company, the efreeti stroked the pendant holding his mother's portrait with one hand. A smile passed over his face, fleetingly, as he seemed to be ignoring the huddle.

Zinzer murmurs, "So... I bet you lot deal with this sort of thing all the time, making wishes to demonic entities from beyond? So you have to already know what to wish for, right? I mean, you can't just wish for any random thing, it could cause untold havoc!"

Zinzer looks around from face to face, and it becomes apparent that, no, nobody here, in fact, has dealt with this sort of thing before.

Tilara hisses, "Stop using the w-word. Discuss it without that term before tall, dark, and hot-tempered decides you've actually _made_ one."

Starguard says, "You don't say. I'd like to wish for our bodies and supplies to be in the state we were in before this bloke attacked us the first time. It'd get the voice out of my head too."

Tilara says, "Would it? He's a mind-thing. We don't want to wish our minds back three days - and besides, that was before you met Windrider. Let's not muck about with changing the past."

The efreeti smiles. "Your wish is my command, Paladin." He snaps his fingers. In Starguard's mind, a little voice screams.

Suddenly, the world goes dark.

When Starguard opens his eyes, he smells the breakfast stew he's making. The pot of gruel is bubbling merrily, with some tasty additions. Behind him, the rest of the party is sleeping comfortably in their bedrolls, while the horses graze, ready for the day's work.

Starguard blinks, looking around...and idly smacks himself in the forehead. "I am **such** an old fool..." he mutters, then goes to wake the others up.

Waking up, Stormy looks around. "Ellinor! Jellin!" He stops, and looks at Starguard accusingly.

Starguard grumbles. "I'm sorry, lad. You'd think conditionals would rule out such things. We need to know his rules. On the plus side, if Windrider knows where we teleported, he's likely winging this way with the girls as we speak."

Tilara comes awake with a start, and rolls out of her sleeping furs in a fury, Mirra yowling counterpoint to her snarl. "I _just_ got done _telling_ you not to use that word, you ... you.... you paladin!"

Zinzer stands trembling with rage. "you... You... YOU..."

Starguard's head is hung. "I know. I'm sorry. It was out of my mouth before I realized."

Tilara sighs. "Well, what's done is done. We certainly can't reverse it now. Save the last for an emergency. Is your little friend still in your head?"

Zinzer says, "I have never met a bigger _FOOL_! And I have met many! Are you still possessed? Hey, voice? Want his body? It seems it's got no mind in it! I think he might be an _IMPROVEMENT._"

Zinzer stalks off to retrieve his pack and his spellbooks, sputtering. "That's why I told you all to let me go face that thing alone! At first I thought to spare your noble persons the burden of dying for a greedy, opportunistic cretin like me! But now I think I should have been safer to take my chances!"

Starguard looks shocked for a moment. "Wait a moment..." He seems to be searching his mind, looking...hopeful?

Tilara chuckles at Zinzer's outburst. "That sounds almost altruistic, wizard. I think we're already starting to affect you."

Ash shakes himself awake at last, and as a stream of thought and memory flows through him, his face registers conflicting and mutating emotion. "Least we're alive," is his summary of the events of the past - or future - days.

Zinzer nips at a flask he pulls from his pack, then thinks better and drains it with a snort. "Altruism? Hardly. I don't want you lot following me around in whatever Hell awaits us. If we were in civilization I'd be walking away from you right here before you bring down a godsdamned mountain on our heads."

Zinzer says, "Now... we might still have one w- ... thing to want... left. So I propose we gag certian persons, and get it over with, before anything else happens."

Starguard says, "Aye, Zinzer. I was an old, bloody fool. It happens. And I will ride all night and all day to get to the girls in a few moments. Now, would someone kindly check our food, bedrolls, and horses? Not to mention the spellbook, as I can't hear our friend anymore."

Ash rises unsteadily, attending to the process of cataloguing the party's remaining resources.

Zinzer says, "I'm for putting us back in touch with Jellin and Ellinor on the basis that they are most assuredly not here and facing untold dangers and other amusements without us."

Tilara says, "I don't think I want to touch that talking book again. Either he's back in there and we should let him stay, or he's keeping a -very- low profile in your head so you're not tempted to ask the efreet to get rid of him."

Starguard says, "And Zinzer...before you chastise me too much, a little thanks for getting a pissed off efreeti that wanted you dead off your back would be nice. I'll accept the blame and complaints from the White Company, and well-deservedly. You, on the other hand, can happily shut up now. And a good thought, Tilara. If the rest of you can work on the request, I'm off to the Mother's Nest."

Zinzer pays no attention to Starguard, and flips pointedly through his spell book, looking for a means to locate the changer girls, or the nest.

Tilara says, "You're not riding off without us. We know the way now, so let's ride as soon as we're done eating."

Starguard shakes his head. "You don't know how to push a horse, Tilara. Ash can come with me. We need to get there as soon as possible."

Tilara sits back and looks torn. _Blast. He's right, and they should get back as quickly as may be. But I hate splitting up again._

Andreth hms, rubbing his chin. "'get it over with'," he repeats, thoughtfully. "Ye're saying, Zinzer, that we oughta work out what other thing we want, so we don't get somethin' else by mistake?"

Zinzer stops abruptly, and turns slowly to look at Andreth, shock and wonderment on his face. "Yes. That is precisely what I'm saying."

Tilara says, "I suppose we could ask him to put us all back at the Nest. It would be quick and easy and get us back to the girls the quickest. Hard to mess up something that simple."

Tilara says, "How about, you-know-whatting for the horses, ourselves, and our gear to be teleported to Sameala's Nest?"

Starguard says, "Good luck. I'm riding now. Silently."

Andreth scratches his head. "Best to get us all to the hut, I think. If'n we end up alla way down, how'll we know how ta get back up again?"

Andreth turns slowly, looking around at the rest of his companions in turn. "Anyone else think there's anything we'd rather have instead? Right now?"

Tilara looks around. "I think I'd just as soon do something simple. And we do need to get back to the girls as soon as possible - we don't know for sure that the Nest is safe."

Zinzer says, "We know that it isn't safe. What about those two evil mountain lions?"

Starguard says, "They have Windrider with them, remember. If something tries to get them, all they have to do is get on, and they'll be in the air."

Andreth scratches his head, and turns to Starguard. "P'raps ye could ask the Stars for guidance on the matter?" he suggests. "If'n there's somethin' wrong with the idea, they may give us a nudge."

Starguard blinks. "Of course. Thank you, Andreth." He sits down on the ground, praying for guidence in the morning light.

Starguard quickly finishes. "I can cast two auguries to determine a good idea."

Zinzer says, "Then a good question is, 'Will Jellin and Ellinor be safe while we return to the Mother's Nest on foot?'"

Closing his eyes, Starguard opens his mind to the gods, and to his leading stars in particular. _Will Jellin and Ellinor be safe if we return to the Mother's Nest on foot?_ The skies quieten, and from deep within his soul, Starguard feels a sense of disquiet, a sense of anguish, a sense of urgency, and worry.

Starguard shakes his head. "No...we need to get going, I'm afraid. Oh Stars I'm sorry..."

Zinzer says, "Then is seems obvious, what we should use our final opportunity for, and bring this strange affair to a close."

Tilara nods. "It would seem so. Shall we, then?"

Starguard says, "Hold on." He sighs, and prepares to cast again, posing the question in his head of whether using the last wish is a good idea...

Once more the skies quieten; once more Starguard feels an answer welling up. Not as strong, certainly, but the answer seems full of hope, of reconciliation, and of atonement.

Starguard says, "It will work. It's a good idea. Though we'll lose it to use it for that."

Zinzer says, "I think that's best for all concerned. These are powers beyond mortal ken and we shouldn't be encouraging their inteference in our lives."

Andreth nods to Starguard. "Aye, an' better that th'n more trouble like the fix what we're in now."

Andreth then turns to Zinzer. "Will ye ask him, then? Ye've got quite the way with words, I've noticed... an' this is a time where the right words is vital."

Zinzer nods, and thinks, and then speaks. "I wish that ourselves, Jellin, and Ellinor, and our gear, and our mounts, be safely transported to the field outside the Mother's Nest."

A snap in the air, as of fingers snapping together. A clap of hands. Darkness.

And soon, the party lands, with bedrolls, cooking fire still lit, breakfast still bubbling, and horses squealing and panicking. And two girls looking confused, and standing on the ground.

Ellinor faints, while Jellin just looks for a moment. She's holding her bow, an arrow nocked, and immediately begins to spin around. "Stormy! Ward us!"

Zinzer collapses to the ground, laughing hysterically.

From above, Windrider comes stooping down. He spots the two girls, and picks them up in his claws, beating for the air again. _Friend! The cats hunt!_ His voice echoes in Starguard's mind.

Andreth holds both hands carefully in the air, not wanting to threaten an excited-looking archer. "Stand down, Jellin! It's just us! You're all right!"

Stormy, confused but worried moves forward, only to be stopped by the girl's departure ...

Starguard says, "Dammit, it's the mountain lions!" he cries, readying his crossbow, loading a bolt as he looks for the animals...

Tilara chuckles, then stops in some confusion as the hawk stoops and retrieves the Changer girls. "What's that about, Starguard? Are we under attack?" She spins, looking for an enemy. "Where??"

"Where, Starguard?" calls Ash, sounding a lot calmer. "Near?"

And as the hawk bears the girls to safety, Andreth falls into a fighter's stance. "So be it. Let's deal wi' the cats, an' be grateful we've nothin' worse ta worry about now." He sounds quite relieved to be facing no worse peril than a brace of dangerous predators.

Zinzer calms down from laughing, and picks himself up. "Mountain lions? Heh! Bring them on! Things that bleed and die like ordinary animals? I'll never fear wolves or rats again!"

Starguard looks to Windrider. "Where are they?" he asks, looking around warily.

The world goes eerily quiet. The breezes stop blowing, the birds utterly fail to give voice, and the party looks in strained worry for an opponent who seems to have utterly vanished. Finally, after a few tense minutes, the hawk lowers the girls, looping sheepish. _Gone, I think._

Andreth relaxes. "Uncanny," he comments, in an unusually matter-of-fact tone for such a word. "Where did yer friend see them, Starguard? P'raps the cats were huntin' near the cave where they was before?"

Starguard huhs. "Gone? Huh... Maybe time passed during the wish or something." Starguard lowers his weapons, sighing.

Tilara says, "Or maybe they decided that attacking a pair of young girls was easy, but facing the whole pack of us wasn't. We'll keep our eyes open."

Ellinor remains unconscious, lying on the ground. "Starguard! We need you!" Blood is beginning to pool out, and her face is pale.

Zinzer pales, also, pointing at Ellinor. "Or... maybe they got a swipe in. See to your patient, paladin!"

Starguard quickly moves to the girl's sky, calling on his healing arts to bring the young girl back...

Slowly, the blood ceases to pool, and colour returns to young Ellinor's face. Jellin, still standing watch over her, loosens the arrow in her bow, and turns to Ash. "We were ambushed. From the hut. Windrider saved us, but ..."

Ash nods slowly. "Did you see by who?"

Jellin nods. "Two changer Cats. They were hunting, I think. They had bows, and ... and my arrows didn't damage them!"

Zinzer says, "How do you know they were changers, and... why did they attack you? Aren't you kin to them?"

Starguard sighs, the healing done, and stands up, walking off by himself. "Old fool," he mutters to himself, shaking his head. "Old fool," he mutters, scuffing the ground. He turns around, though at Zinzer's question. "I suppose the cats aren't pleased at being left out of the changer leadership. We probably foiled many of their plans, most likely."

Jellin smiles at Zinzer. "Changers fight in three forms; human, animal, and a kind of ... of hybrid. These were definitely hybrids. They stood about seven feet tall, and ..." She pauses. "I'm not a changer, Zinzer. Unlike Ellinor. And kin is a fluid concept."

"If these e'en knew o' recent events. They could just be guardin' the hut agin the likes o' us," remarks Andreth. "No matter. Now we know what we're facin'."

Zinzer says, "I suspect that, way out here, they're probably serving some other secret purpose."

Ash considers for long moments. "Jellin, was your intention to come here widely known?"

Jellin shakes her head. "No, not really. Samaela gave her blessing, as we couldn't leave without it. But other than that ..." She pauses. "But nobody has been to the shrine in generations."

Starguard says, "At least, no one has admitted to it. If they received the same response you did, they wouldn't be reporting in."

Zinzer says, "They might be... traditional guardians. Such things would seem appropriate. A few selected in secret to guard remote, important sites such as these, in a tradition so old that even your monarch doesn't remember."

Zinzer says, "We should get on with it. The tomb is still down there, we've still a task before us."

Shaking her head, Jellin disagrees with Zinzer. "The Talespinners would know. Just as they tell us that Far Seer himself guards the tomb."

Ash thinks slowly. "This is important, before we go. If such guardians existed, are there pass-words or challenges they might require? I imagine that such tradition would be handed down."

Zinzer says, "Perhaps the Talespinners do not know all that they know. Old tales sometimes become like a message in a foreign language - you can copy the symbols but the meaning is lost."

"Guards? Challenges?" Jellin pauses. "The songs tell of Judging, but ..." She smiles, and shrugs. "They also speak of healing, and that - after all - is why we're here. Far Seer is a kindly father."

Ash says, "Perhaps it's best to seek out these Changers and learn of their intentions first-hand. Whatever we know we will still recall upon arrival, and seeing with our own eyes may aid you. Yes?"

Zinzer says, "So... do we camp here, post watches, wait for them to come to us? Or seek them out?"

Ash says, "We seek them out, once everyone is well-rested and healed."

Tilara shrugs. "It's morning, and we're pretty well rested. Let's hunt 'em down and deal with 'em one way or another. "

Andreth nods. "O'course..." he says, nodding toward the hut. "If'n they went in there, we may find they know their own lair a good bit better'n we do."

Tilara says, "So we stick together."

Ash nods. "We'll see what we can see," he says. "Be careful."

Starguard nods. "I hate going into lairs..." he mutters.

Again, Ash leads the way down, descending to the round room with its unknown avenues into the darkness. Armed with Starguard's earned wisdom, the party consulted his new mount extensively, and thus prepared, the adventurers descend a second time.

Zinzer says, "I don't sense anybody down here thinking."

Zinzer says, "Well... we've got two ways we can go here, eight ways to the outer ring."

Zinzer says, "If we walk through here right, we can guarantee that we're not followed... drive anything down here to the outer ring and corner it."

Andreth ponders the room, and the two hallways on either end. "But which way, I wonder? We ne'er did come up with a way to prefer one t'other."

Starguard says, "Windrider was no help for that. Shall we just flip a coin?"

Zinzer shrugs. "Do so. And hurry, this magic only lasts a few minutes."

A short tunnel, only a few paces, and then an intersection. The tunnel you were following is a dead end; the other curves off two your left and right.

Turning again to the right, the party continues. A longer curving tunnel, now, and after a quarter circle, give or take, a branch on the left.

Following the branch leads through another short tunnel to another intersection. Amazingly symmetrical, this tomb. Unnaturally so. Makes you wonder what they're hiding. Another left turn, another circle, and ... one more short tunnel. Just like the map in the central room had suggested. Finally, on the outer ring, the party finds a shallow alcove across from the short tunnel's mouth.

Zinzer places a hand on Starguard's shoulder. "The dead sleep here. Perhaps a prayer before we disturb them?"

Starguard nods. "Spirits of this place, rest peacefully, for we come not to disturb it, only to learn what secrets you wish to share with us. Starswatch."

The alcove remains empty, confusing everyone. After all, in the map there should be a room? Shouldn't there? Starguard feels the gods nudge at him, and a little voice in his head dances around. _It's a secret! It's a secret! You gotta learn the secret. I know the secret! Wanna hear the secret?_

The voice bounces, gleefully. _Four were the children Samaela carried, Four were the children that founded the Changers. Four were the children Samaela gave birth to, mother and father and crown and moon. Seven the children who lived to adulthood, Six were the children who carried to term. Four were the children who fled to the highlands, three were the children who stayed and who grew. These are the tombs of the eight that she carried, these are the tombs where they lay sleeping still. Watched by their mother, their father, and magic, knowledge alone will open the door._

Starguard's hands go to his head, wincing. "The voice. The damn wizard voice! It has a secret for us, this one." He relates the riddle of the voice, groaning as he feels another presence in his head.