The following morning, Yuri gathers the others and leads them to Tormel's apartments. Along the way, he explains some of the history of the White Company, and how they came into contact with Tormel. "Back then we were still on our quest to discover the identity of Samaela," he begins, failing to mention the geas. "Tormel was... an information broker, I guess... in Red River Town. The key is to remember that he gathers rumors. He charges extra to tell you how likely they are of being truth."

Harald says, "What's his track record on that?"

Octavian is silently sceptical of the usefulness of rumourmonger where deicide is concerned.

"Disturbingly accurate," is all he says. "Don't ask any questions if you're unprepared to hear the answer. At least, not if you're going to pay him to get the added fee to get the truth."

Octavian says, "I'm amazed at Yuri's ability to read body language, and facial expression."

Yuri says, "Under the circumstances it might be best to have our questions formulated ahead of time. We know that we're curious about means of poisoning a God, and we already know that the story of Lurien and Majayla gives some hints."

Octavian shrugs, "What sort of questions did you have in mind?"

Harald says, "Basic ideas, I guess. See if he's run across anything that applies to the issue of deicide, and if he knows more about Lurien and Majayla."

Yuri considers his answer. "Other historical precedent for Gods being ill, or being poisoned. And... who are the foremost experts on poisons and antidotes." He presses his lips firmly together. _Berina... I hope there's someone else we can talk to. Someone less dangerous. Like... Prince Lurin._

Andreth nods slightly. "An' the undead. There's all sortsa rumors about the undead, but I bet he's put it all together. Tho' I also bet he'll charge a pretty penny fer **that**."

Octavian says, "Ummm perhaps we should look at why? I mean, what's accomplished by killing a God?"

Harald says, "We've got the makings of a disaster at the moment. If it's someone from outside the Empire with designs on us..."

Yuri says, "The undead seem to be a result of the plague... of restless spirits with damaged totems. You as much as saw that in the grotto of the Waters, did you not?"

After a few more moments, gathering coin and cloak, Yuri leads the party to Rendar's house. Well, the back entrance. Tutors, after all, are still servants. After knocking and explaining their errand to the footman, Tormel is fetched.

"Yuri!" Tormel smiles weakly, as he leans on a cane. "Does this mean ... " He pauses, obviously putting several facts together. "You must be here to gift me with money. Come, let us walk in the Master's garden. He will not mind." With that, he waves the company into the yard; a large open space with a few benches next to the flowerbeds. Almost immediately, he sits down.

Yuri frowns. "Are you ill, Tormel? Surely not with the devilish plague!"

Tormel pauses. "I ... I was. The master sent me to the temple, and last night ... I don't know what happened." He looks pained. "But this morning I was sent home."

Yuri says, "You... don't know." He pauses. "What do you remember?"

Harald nods. "The Emperor was informed of how to at least allay the plague. It's hard for him, though. We are one of the teams he has assembled to find a permanent cure. Yuri says that you might have useful information for us."

Tormel opens his journal. "I can ... barely read my notes. However, last night I lay close to death; I remember little beyond suddenly, finally, falling asleep when the thirst left my body." He pauses. "Well, will you tell me what the Emperor has learned, on allaying the plague? And then ask your questions." He leaves the question of his fee unaddressed for now.

Yuri says, "Let's trade answers, then. The nature of the plague will not be secret for much longer, but it will likely be confusing to many. It stems from a schism between the land and the people; or maybe more specifically, Water and the people." He emphasizes 'water' so it is clear that he means the element in the cosmological sense. "Some extraordinary people have a tie to the land, and to the people, and so may heal the rift. Glia-Gulmeshki is one. There are others; nobles, and other persons dedicated to higher ideals. It may well be that the Emperor himself cured you last night."

Yuri waits a moment to see how Tormel digests the information.

Tormel opens his journal and pages through it, muttering under his breath. Then, pulling out a pencil, he adds notes to a closely written page, before looking up. "Muirwen?" His voice rises. "Muirwen? There's a schism between Muirwen and Mother Earth?" He pales even further, his journal now dropped in his lap. "Go on ..."

Yuri nods. "Exactly. A schism... or a poisoning. Of Muirwen. There is precedent - Luriel and Majayla. We need to know more. The poisoning of a deity is..." He shakes his head. "Sheer madness. But it is what we face, learned one."

Tormel begins to smile, wistfully. "Do you ... have an expense account?"

Yuri puts his hand on his purse. "Cash today. I do not know what impressions you may have received; we have favor with the Emperor, but perhaps not that much favor yet."

Tormel nods. "Well, you know, Yuri, what prices I set on teaching, on speculations, and on probabilities. What questions do you have?"

Yuri says, "We already know the tale of Luriel and Majayla. What other precedent is there for the poisoning of Gods?"

Yuri says, "Bear in mind that we've already answered one of your questions before quoting us a price. It's likely you still push air past your teeth because of news that Andreth brought to the palace."

Tormel looks thoughtful, and pages through the journal. "That is ... not an expensive question, Yuri. Any temple can answer that one. Let me see." Another pause. "Ah. Yes. One gold for the answer, but the speculations and plausibilities will be fifty and two hundred, respectively. But for Andreth's news ... a slight discount. Perhaps the whole package for thirty gold? I have expenses, after all."

Yuri pulls a single coin out of his pocket and proffers it to the safe. "Let's hear the short form first."

"Now, gods poisoning gods. There's little enough known about that. There was the time when Luriel was trapped by Celidan, until he shared his seed. That's entrapment, though. And then there's the death of Lifall, who died from exposure, but was only the son of a god." Tormel pauses, as the coin disappears. "Now, there is an old Stormwind saga about their ancestors; when they fled deeper into the mountains, they left their ancestors behind, until one young lass went to wake them. The ancestors, that is. A nasty plague was the result. Some ancestors don't like being woken up."

Harald says, "That's more like annoyed gods than poisoned ones, though..."

Yuri counts out 29 more gold coins and weighs them in his hand, giving the others a chance to comment or object.

Yuri hands the coins over, and pulls out a notebook of his own, jotting down more questions and answers. "It may interest you to know that they believe the restless dead are associated with this plague as well. But we'll get to that. What's the rest of that answer?"

"Now the speculations are a lot more interesting. After all, Prince Lurin is ... unaccountably absent, and has been since the birth of his half brother." Tormel grimaces. "So the speculations that have come from multiple sources suggest that either someone awoke the ancestors, and it is they, not Muirwen, who are poisoning the waters, or Lurin is up to something - there's little call of plague from his princedom - or that the gods are in the middle of a family feud, just as they were before Ungfallen solved that little feud by moving away. Then there's speculation that the northerners, the Andvarri, have brought this plague upon us." He pauses, checking his notes. "As to plausibilities ..."

Tormel grimaces. "Each of these is somewhat implausible. However, the first is possible but not too likely; our ancestors sleep far more deeply than do those of the Stormwinds, since our ancestors repose in Ungfallen's Hall. The second is intriguing and possible. His borders have been closed since the birth of the prince, which happened before the plague hit. The third is **always** plausible, of course, since the gods are mere children, prone to temper tantrums." Tormel's bitterness wells up for a moment. "As to the last ... I consider it unlikely, and a sign of envy. The Andvarri were sent back north with an escort from the Emperor himself."

Yuri raises an eyebrow. _The Andvarri? Who could be speculating that? Only a handful of people even knew we were here._

Tormel pauses. "And then there's the strange girl you brought back. Speculation is rife, but I haven't been able to confirm any rumours."

Yuri nods. "Yes. I had thought of her. However, she is merely a foreigner, and if she had been a plague-bearer, the disease would have spread from this city outwards... rather than in from the hinterlands."

Harald says, "Unless _her_ gods are upset that she's here?"

Andreth shrugs. "If that were the case, we'd've fallen first afore anyone. We spent the most time wi' 'er, _an'_ we're the ones what brought 'er 'ere inna first place. Instead, we didna catch anythin' till we were exposed, just like everyone else."

Tormel shakes his head. "She's dead now. Unlikely her gods targeted her? Or perhaps ..." He shrugs. "If so, we are doomed."

Yuri says, "Well. As a foreigner she may have some odd talents that way... an immunity to diseases caused by our problems. But I wouldn't want to risk it, and likely as not she wouldn't know herself." He shrugs. "Wait - she died? When did she die?"

Harald nods. "Good point, if she died in the plague."

"One of the earliest plague victims, Yuri, in the palace." Tormel shrugs. "Just the first of many."

Yuri slumps a bit, but prepares his next question anyway. "We'd like to know the names and means of contact of the foremost experts on poisoning in the Empire, and the same for those who defeat poisons. People that might know how to poison a God. Or cure one."

Tormel sighs. "That list is ... I don't have one, Yuri." He shakes his head. "Who would know how to poison a god?"

Harald says, "We'll settle for the top human poisoners, if you know that."

Tormel shakes his head again. "That list, too, is unreliable. The specialists ... half of them are dead. The other half have fled to the countryside, by and large."

Yuri fiddles with his gloves. "Alright, let's make it very simple," he quietly states. "Is there anyone better at it than Berina, that we're likely to find?"

Tormel shrugs. "I don't know."

Yuri looks nowhere in particular. "This is... disturbing."

Yuri says, "What of the White Fields melting? You've spoken to me before of that. It is the one rumor we sent to the others last winter that doesn't seem to fit the puzzle."

Tormel looks thoughtful. "Again, there are a lot of speculations. Nothing solid. The White Fields are a glacier, of course, a field of highly compressed snow. And now the snow is melting."

Yuri cocks his head. "And the fee for the speculations?"

Tormel hmmms. "Well, probabilities are hard, so those are expensive. The speculations are a mere one hundred gold."

Harald raises a sandy-colored eyebrow. "Mere? How much for the speculations?"

"Those were harder to obtain, and go for three hundred. That's with the plague discount. I'm afraid those sources were _very Yuri counts out one hundred gold coins into a sack and sets it in front of Tormel. "Go on."_

_Tormel collects the coins quickly. "Lifall died on the White Fields, of course. He lies buried there, or at least his body does. Of late, it is rumoured, that the dead walk again on the Fields. The cold cannot harm _them_, of course. So that would be the first speculation. The second suggests that the earth is shifting, releasing hot gases and melting the fields from below. A third suggestion has a mage setting up his tower there. A fourth speculation suggests that the Fields have become the site of a holy - or perhaps unholy - site."_

_Harald says, "Heat from beneath the earth itself? What could cause that?"_

_Tormel hmmms. "Sometimes Mother Earth's blood seeps out, hot, and red, and burning."_

_Yuri nods. "And you have spoken to those that have been there, one would presume?"_

_Tormel nods. "I have spoken with the Andvarri, of course. And ... " He shrugs. "I have only second hand rumours, and those dearly bought."_

_Yuri says, "Then we may return when we are prepared to understand the answer. Payment, of course, is less of an issue, than being able to put the knowledge to use."_

_Yuri says, "Did we ever find out what the calamity was, that the Andvarri sought to prevent?" _And we almost killed them. Gods, how much worse off would we be if we'd made that mistake?__

_Tormel raises an eyebrow. "Was that a question, Yuri? The answer is ... inexpensive. Only two hundred."_

_Yuri grimaces as he counts out another two hundred gold. Slowly. Before he hands over the small pile of wealth - enough for a commoner to eat for many months - he says, "Your rates have become high in the past year, old man. Tell me, if the answer be free, do you ever think what the world would be like if you were more forthcoming? Just as a speculation?"_

_"The birth of the prince. And it was not prevented." Tormel shrugs. "And the attempted assassination of the little princess, which was prevented. Although the emperor did discover that Zamua was a ShieldMaiden. Part of a newly resurrected group." He pauses. "The Emperor has plans for them. As for your question ... I do not know. But surely I should not starve?"_

_Harald says, "Shieldmaiden?"_

_Yuri looks troubled. "How could the birth of the Prince be such a calamity? The other Princes, surely, are not happy... but..." He trails off. "Had he not been born, then there would have only been one daughter to contend with... and the other Princes could convince themselves she was not a threat to their power... and now there are two new children, and their jealousy has lit the fuse on a calamity."_

_"Shieldmaidens. Once they fought beside kings, and served to protect them. Now they claim to serve the empire." Tormel nods at Yuri._

_Andreth sighs. "If preventin' a calamity means killin' an innocent babe, then I'm glad we didna prevent it. 'sides, if'n the princes're that jealous, then there wuz a calamity waitin' ta happen anyway, an if it hadna been the new prince, it'da been somethin' else."_

_Yuri simply states, "Yeah."_

_Yuri nods. "We may return. Keep in mind, old man, that we too may be able to sell you some answers. And while we've gotten into our position by being generous with our blood, we will have to soon be more stingy with our metal."_

_Tormel nods, wryly. "That's what every one of my sources says."_

_Sonja needs to find where in Citadel is the temple for Oak._

_Sonja looks towards Andreth, "Well lets go see Merial's Temple. Then go find mine. Sir Octavian, can you please lead the way?"_

_Octavian happily points the way to the temple district, and mumbles something about most deities not feeling comfortable with technology... or those who use it._

_Octavian says, "...and it's not Sir... if you want to be formal the proper form of address is Master, or Master Artificer."_

_Octavian says, "I don't stand on formality though."_

_Sonja says, "So what will suffice and not hurt your honor?"_

_Octavian says, "Most people call me either Locke, or Octavian."_

_Merial's temple sits between those of Lachlan and Lurithain, still as cozy as it was a few seasons ago. No children sit in circles, slates in hand and attention rapt. Only acolytes, cleaning, and dusting the farming implements. One steps aside to greet the arrivals._

_Sonja smiles a friendly smile to the one acolyte who greets them. "Good day, can you spare a few moments to help me answer some questions that weigh on me just a bit?" Sonja smiles again while bowing her head respectfully._

_The acolyte nods slowly. "I can ... although the Lady has more answers than I ever hope to know. She keeps the Book for Merial, you see."_

_Sonja feels a tug of a mental sort at this. "I see. Could we please hahave a few minutes of the Lady's time then? If it is not an intrusion. Please."_

_The acolyte nods. "Certainly. If you will follow me?" The group is led to a corner of the library, where the Lady sits propped up on a narrow pallet. In her hands a book she is perusing carefully; closed as the party approaches. She smiles, recognizing Andreth. "Ah! Welcome. Have you started your quest, young man?"_

_Andreth shakes his head. "Na' really. I havena had the time ta seek out for me own self, when the fate o' the Flatlands is more pressin'," he says._

_"Indeed." The Lady looks over at the rest of the group. "Well, my time is yours. Ask, Andreth. Or perhaps you should introduce your friends?"_

_Harald glances at Andreth with respect at the Lady's words._

_Octavian appears distracted, and begins rummaging in his shoulder bag._

_Sonja shifts her feet nervously to be in such company._

_Andreth nods. "O'course. This 'ere's Sonja, an' this is Octavian, an' this is Harald" he says, indicating his companions in turn. "They've joined me on th' quest ta learn of Muirwen's sickness." He pauses. "I know Merial herself's far too busy these days, but... who o' the gods might wish Muirwen ill?"_

_Yuri stands quietly and respectfully in the background. This is Andreth's time to be eloquent, and given the occasion, Yuri knows that Andreth will rise to it._

_The Lady pauses. "That's a mighty big question, Andreth. And one with no easy answer. Muirwen is all around us, but he isn't an active god. Not exactly. Not any more. In a way, nobody even knows if he is alive in the normal sense of the word, as Merial is."_

_Harald looks a bit surprised at that response, "If that's the case, My Lady, how could he be poisoned? The Brothers of the Waters sent word that that was the problem."_

_Sonja says, "Transubstantiation. The water is both water and the God's body. It exists in both states at once. Am I right?"_

_Andreth frowns. "An' yet the rivers flow on," he says. "Tainted tho they may be these days. So whatever sense o' the word, there must be _somethin'_ of 'im that cn' be reached. Unless the rivers flow with no one ta guide 'em, now."_

_The Lady nods at both Sonja and Andreth. "People still pray to him, and the prayers are answered. But the answers are always fluid, and subject to interpretation."_

_Octavian says, "I'm afraid I'll have to take my leave now. There are certain matters, unrelated to our company's current endeavors, that I must deal with. I'll meet with you later."_

_Yuri raises an eyebrow as Octavian makes that announcement._

_Yuri says, "So soon? Very curious, Master Locke."_

_Octavian shrugs, "I do have a busines of my own, as well as... commitments to others outside this company."_

_Andreth nods to Octavian briefly, then returns his gaze to the Lady, his face wrinkled in slow cogitation. "But where'er he is now, he lived in the normal way once, surely. An' sure as people are people, 'e surely had some 'e talked to, an' some 'e didn't. An' maybe even some 'e _specially_ didn't talk to."_

_Octavian wanders back out of the room._

_The Lady shakes her head. "Shortly after his children were born, he gave up his body to soothe Mother Earth." A short pause. "The legends don't speak of his children's reaction."_

_Sonja says, "Perhaps Lady soe felt at the time it was better that no story be passed forward against something that showed very bad light on the children of sucha noble being."_

_The Lady nods. "Now, of all his children ... Kenilthwen was the one with the worst temper. He lives, now, with Wilthorwen on Wilthorwen's Peak, in the far north of Calais."_

_Harald ponders this. "It may be an attack on Muirwen directly, or it could be an attack on the Empire that simply uses him as a means to that end. Or ... it could be something else entirely."_

_Yuri says quietly, "Perhaps we should speak with the priests of Muirwen, as well. Where may they me found?"_

_"Why, in their temple of course, Yuri. Though their ranks are much thinned from this plague. More than any other."_

_Yuri nods. "As I would expect." He sighs. "I'm told... that those you serve, Lady, are under strain from the situation."_

_"Naturally. Normally we do not die in such large numbers. Merial is overwhelmed. Even now, we house some of her guests in our chapel." The Lady looks at the book she is holding. "We house, host, and listen."_

_The color drains from Yuri's face._

_Harald says, "We were told that some of the dead are ... damaged. That their totems have been taken from them."_

_The Lady nods again. "Families arrive ... incomplete. Others are grievously wounded in spirit, their totems tainted and weak."_

_Harald says, "Can they be helped? And what could do such a thing?"_

_Sonja listens carefully, trying to sort things. At mention of those who need help, "Lady, though my path is different from yours. Is there anyway I can be of service?"_

_"In the interim, I do not know. We don't know what's causing the taint, or what is attacking the totems. And until we learn that, we do not know how to help these people." She holds up the Book. "We listen, of course, and we write. But ... we do not know what they themselves don't know."_

_Sonja says, "That is what I was afraid of, there are still many blank areas and all we have are tantilizing hints. But at least we may have some clues to follow up like Muirwen's children."_

_Yuri unfolds his arms and shuffles his notes. "We also hear of Lifall. That his resting place is disturbed, and perhaps his rest. Lifall is... a spiritual relative of yours, I suppose. Is there any history between Lifall and Muirwen?"_

_A long pause, as the Lady consults early pages in her book. "No. Muirwen had become the waters before Lifall was born."_

_Yuri says, "And Lifall himself, of late? I apologize if the question is difficult. However, we are trying to solve a problem that affects us all."_

_"No. There is little news of Lifall. He, too, is kept busy. He rules in his father's hall, after all, and he has many new citizens now. But he is at the same time ... quieter. Unhappy, perhaps?" A slight stretch, as the Lady straightens. "There are suggestions that he looks ... tired."_

_Harald says, "Hmm. That could mean several things. But he'd certainly harbor no ill-will to Muirwen, so it's not likely that his body deliberately taints the White Fields..."_

_Yuri says, "The White Fields are melting. We believe it may be because Lifall's repose is disturbed. That he's being unwillingly caused to affect the ice fields."_

_Harald says, "And that could be the reason his shade seems tired. In pain, perhaps, or drained in a way he doesn't even know himself."_

_Andreth bows. "We thank you again, my Lady. P'raps in happier times I'll be able to tell ye of my quest..." says the young monk as he and his companions take their leave. It's clear to him that the turmoil in Merial's house has made itself felt in her temples, and that they are as eager for solutions as everyone else in the Flatlands. Perhaps as the White Company, and its new allies, head onward to glean information from more mundane sources, they will be able to find a path to the answers everyone seeks._