Game Log: Chapter 22 - Westward Ho!


---------------------------------------

The night passes uneventfully, the inn quietly sinking into a peaceful slumber which is barely disturbed in the morning. The party is left to wake naturally, not a single footstep or knock to waken them.

Tilara wakes earlier than usual, and slips out of their shared room before Stormy wakes up. Mirra tells her the boy was out late, talking with Starguard.

Tilara pads downstairs, wondering what the inn serves for breakfast.

Starguard's bed lies empty, though not made, the cleric already up, the smells from the kitchen wafting up the stairs.

Yuri awakens before Ash, and dresses quietly, troubled by the speed with which the world is drawing the company forward.

Ash staggers awake sooner than later, and wobbles out like a ship tossed by a raging sea - ever forward, never easily. "Ergh.."

Breakfast is being served in the dining area, where a waitress stands ready to serve people as they enter. Starguard awaits Tilara's arrival, a mug of fresh steaming tea warming his hands.

Andreth finally files into the dining hall, late but looking reasonably well-rested and no uglier than usual.

Tilara slips into a seat beside the cleric and orders breakfast. Mirra curls up in her lap, waiting for tidbits. "So. What did Stormy talk to you about last night? Mirra says he was gone for some time."

Yuri looks at the rest of the company as they manifest in the common room. "Well, I see we all slept with the weight of the world on our shoulders last night."

Starguard nods. "The boy is a little worried about the things Ferg made him do. I tried to reassure him, but..." He shrugs. "Perhaps if you would tell him about some things you're not proud of in your past, it would help. He thinks highly of you, Til."

The waitress, noticing everyone's arrival, steps up with a tray containing a large teapot, several mugs, and silverware. She makes a second trip to bring the food. After delivering the food to the table, the waitress stops at Ash's side. "There was a message for you, sir, from Harry. He says to tell you that Tormel seems to know more about wolves than he should."

Stormy, having slept deeply, is the last to awake to an entirely empty room. Panicking slightly, he dresses at top speed and sprints to the breakfast table, where he stammeringly apologizes for being late.

Tilara slides over to make room for the boy. "You're not late, Stormy. If we needed you up, we'd have woken you."

Starguard says, "Just because I have to pray at sunrise doesn't mean that everyone else can't enjoy the morning in bed."

Yuri says, "I don't think any of us slept that well last night, Stormy. But whether it's the geas or something else, I know not."

Starguard says, "We should be moving on, though. But are we heading overland or over water?"

Ash manages, "Midg...Morrow... mmmsomethingmop." On the note of destination, his head tilts up just a bit. "Got a proposition."

Tilara says, "What's that?"

Stormy nods, shakily, hungrily eyeing the bread. Shyly, he moves three thick slices onto his bed, before spooning both the beef drippings and the honey over them. The result is a little sticky, but he seems to be enjoying it. And turning to Yuri, he looks surprised. Or perhaps he looks like a chipmunk, with his full cheeks. "I schlept like a _mmf gulp_ baby; no dreams."

The waitress waits, standing next to Ash.

Yuri says, "Is that new for you, Stormy?"

Yuri listens carefully to Ash.

Tilara twitches an eyebrow at that, looking at Starguard. She knows the boy's had nightmares more often than not.

Stormy nods. After all, you can nod and inhale food at the same time.

Ash places his order quickly, then continues. "Well. We're obliged to search, not be in Citadel, right? Question came up of how to pay for it. Why not go with the Caravan? The merchants and guards and drivers been almost every place, and they'll talk about anything. They mighta heard somethin useful, and they'll pay for what we can offer 'em - protection."

Yuri hmms. "So your saying, hitch a ride with the Caravans to where ever we're going? That's probably still Citadel for starters."

Andreth looks up at the waitress as she delivers her message, blinking slightly.

Ash nods, smiling appreciatively. "Thanks... mark me down for a couple more ales," he murmurs, holding up a handful of change in appreciation.

The waitress, smiling, accepts the coins. Moments later she's back with a small pitcher of ale, and a mug of steaming coffee. "You look, sir, as though you could use this more."

Tilara waits until the waitress leaves again before turning to Ash. "So, who's Tormel, and why shouldn't he know about wolves?"

Ash relates the tales he was told. "... wolf with an unusual snout, and paws like hands, leading a pack of other wolves. His head's on a pole now...." The gist is that wolves, who were unusually predatory (as the party saw) may or may not have been guided by a slightly more 'unnatural' creature, whose death put an end to the pack's raid, as it was relayed to him by a drinking-buddy.

Ash says, ".. So the next link in that particular chain is this Tormel person"

Yuri scratches his chin. "Wolves... we get more trouble from canines than anything else... traveling with a caravan will make it easier to avoid them."

Andreth nods as Ash tells the tale. "First we've heard of this Tormel, though."

Yuri hmms. "A manlike wolf... or a wolf-like man?"

Ash says, "There's us and another party of guardsmen in town, that I know. Folks might be persuaded to get on the road a little early, if they could count on more than half a dozen stout guards to keep 'em safe. Unless we wanted to wait for the regular caravan, and ask about in the meantime."

Ash says, "A wolf with a strange snout, and hand-like paws, s'all I was told."

Tilara says, "Any sign of Berina?"

Yuri says, "Well, we have to get on with our current quest... oh, yeah. If we hook up with a caravan, it's likely going to have Berina in it, isn't it?"

Tilara says, "If we're ahead of her, possibly."

Ash hmms. "Sign of Berina? Not with the wolves," he grins.

Tilara rolls her eyes. "No, has she passed through here?"

Ash says, "I haven't heard. I can ask my friend after we're through here."

Yuri says, "Well... we have to figure out how we're going to travel from here. While we're doing that, we can ask about this Tormel fellow, and maybe also that odd wolf."

Yuri says, "So... I like Ash's suggestion, that we travel with a caravan. Shall we see what's here and what's going in the next day or so?"

Ash continues his earlier thought. "The bunch that I know in town were talking about nothing leaving here for awhile... but we have strength and steel to spare, and there's always something or somebody needing road passage. If we don't want to wait for the regular caravan routes, we could always just organize something ourselves."

Yuri nods, slowly... "I see where you're going with this. Yes, we can put something together, probably in a day. Which road should we say we're taking?"

Tilara says, "Hmm... interesting idea. See if someone wants to beat the main caravan into Citadel and pick up the market early?"

Ash shrugs helplessly. "Routes... I don't know anymore. Best to ask, or decide for ourselves."

Tilara says, "No. Decide on one first. We're not going to get takers by being vague about what we're doing."

Starguard says, "Depends on what we can get. If people are headed to Citadel or Alga's Harbour."

Ash says, "I don't mean ask potential customers; but rather ask those who ply the trade already."

Yuri hmms. "Well... which do we want to take? I'd prefer to go straight to Citadel, myself."

Yuri says, "I think we have to go there to examine the spires in person... I'm a little nervous about the penalties of the geas if we take a less direct route."

Yuri says, "And as Ash pointed out, we'll get more answers from the people we meet on the road, than from the fish in Agla's Harbour."

Tilara shrugs. "As long as we're honestly looking, I doubt the geas will care where we're looking."

Starguard says, "OK, caravan to Citadel it is then."

Stormy looks at Yuri. "But what about the people in Agla's Harbour? It _is_ the capital ..."

Starguard says, "A bit too far around, Stormy. The roads should be safe enough with a large group."

Yuri says, "Yes, it is the capital, Stormy, and I'm sure we'll be traveling there eventually. Maybe soon, if we don't get our answers in Citadel."

Yuri sets off, early in the morning, to beg an audience with Minas Pjurin. An audience which is quickly granted. When Yuri explains his plan to form a small caravan Minas looks interested, and intrigued. So far every caravan this season has been outbound, and the first one to Citadel is still some time away. Getting a few of his goods to market could garner a lot of money. And with his backing, there should be a few other interested merchants. He suggests Yuri return that evening, for a general meetings.

Meanwhile, Ash and Andreth head back to Harry, to recruit the four of them. There's a fair bit of haggling, and Ash ends up promising a little more than the usual rate in wages, but the four do agree to sign up as guards.

Starguard spends the day in the market, securing food, a cart, and waterskins for the road. He pays a little more than he'd like, but it's good stuff.

Stormy spends some time in the music shop, hoping to find a good instrument. Finally he settles on a viola, that will cost him every silver he has. But it appears to be in perfect condition, and the innkeeper assures him that the viola is the perfect instrument to accompany a singer.

After recruiting Harry, Ash asks him about Tormel. Harry nods. "You got ma message, then. Tormel's a teacher. Teaches rich kids and byblows and such. But he likes ta collect notes, and he's onna stump bout wolves. Jermiah remembered it this mornin'."

Ash nods. "Where's he to be found?"

"This time of day? With the brats. But come evenin', he likes to sip a drink in the Old Wives' Tail. Just by Merchant's quarter. Too expensive for the likes of unemployed lads like us."

By late afternoon, everyone has finished their errands and returned to the Swan's Neck Inn. The new cart and mule have been stabled, and the innkeeper is willing to extend the previous night's bargain for one more night. And that evening Yuri will visit Minas.

That evening Yuri and Starguard, both dressed well, set out for the Pjurin mansion, where they are ushered into the business office. Minas, smiling, stands up and introduces his fellow merchants. "Yuri, I would like you to meet Toms Wilkin. He deals in liqueurs. And this is John Potters, in fancy clayware. Bjorn Stronginthenose, deals in fragrances. I've kept the circle small, since you mentioned only a small caravan."

Each of the men step forward in turn, shaking Yuri's hand. Toms, in particular, grips Yuri so as to test his strength.

Starguard hrrms. "All of that is fragile, isn't it... Be tough to transport safely."

Minas shakes his head. "They've all got good plain wagons'll keep the goods safe. They won't be able to run fast, if trouble hits, but the loads will be light. Much lighter, say, than shipping grain."

"Myself, I'll be sending along a cart load of lace. Including Elena's journeyman articles. She needs to start saving for her own trousseau." Minas smiles, sharing a joke with the other men.

Yuri nods. "Well, gentlemen, our business takes us to Citadel, and it's safer to travel in a caravan. I'm sure that Minas has explained how this is an opportunity to get goods to early market."

Yuri says, "And so, your goods - lightweight, high-quality, and high margin - are perfect for a small, fast venture."

Bjorn nods. "Usually I can't get my fragrances to market till early summer. Then again, usually there's little interest for them in the winter. But with all the princes and their retinues, this is a good time to hit market early."

Yuri nods back at Bjorn. "I see you understand why we propose doing this now, then."

Bjorn nods again. "And I'll be sending my senior journeyman along. It'll make a good journey for him, and I can't go myself. In fact, I think we'll all be sending our journeymen. How many carts will you take?"

Starguard says, "Should be a good run for first-timers."

Yuri says, "A smaller caravan can travel faster, and attract less attention. My associates and I call ourselves 'The White Company', and we number six. We've also found four other guards who have agreed to accompany us in our employ."

Yuri says, "With those ten, we think we can safely cover four carts."

Minas raises an eyebrow at Starguard's comment. _First run? Maybe we should let Elena's lace go on the next run._

Toms looks thoughtful. "What kind of insurance do you offer?"

Yuri says, "Perhaps five, but that spreads our people rather thin."

Starguard tries to cover. "Erm, the four guards are well experienced."

Yuri says, "Would you excuse me a moment, gentlemen? I'd like to confer with my associate."

Yuri takes Starguard aside for a moment, whether they agree or not.

The men watch, bemused.

Starguard's already half-way there. "I'll shut up now..."

Yuri murmurs to Starguard, "I'm not angry. You are my partner. But now would be a good time to play the part of a silent retainer."

Starguard nods. "Slip of the tongue, honest. Sorry Yuri."

Yuri fishes a scroll and a pen out of his pouch and gives it to Starguard. "It's OK. This is the part where we'll be talking numbers, so it would be a good idea to take notes. I'll give you some pointers on negotiation later. For now just keep track of what we're promising each other."

Starguard nods, taking pen and paper, lips firmly together.

Yuri returns to the table. "Brother Starguard has made the point that this is our first time leading a caravan, but all of us have worked on them before. Two of our number are even sorcerers, who can provide some atypical advantages should bandits try our mettle. The bandits who have, have regretted it."

John Potters looks curious. "You have experience with bandits, then?"

Minas merely nods. "And the lad's going to be a relative, as soon as his brother becomes a journeyman weaver. So I think we can trust them. Still, son, what kind of insurance are you offering? And what prices are you asking?"

Yuri stands straighter for a moment, and closes his eyes for a moment, remembering. "Jane Gerroldsdottir of Woolwich will attest to our skill at dealing with bandits. She was robbed. We got her inventory back." He opens his eyes again. "It wasn't easy. But we know what we're doing."

Yuri says, "We're looking for 125 per cart. 50 now, and the other 75 only for each that makes it to Citadel. As to insurance, I have one contact in Citadel who will assist me in liquidating any goods that would otherwise have trouble selling, which as close to a guaranteed market as comes these days."

Yuri says, "Although I'm sure that your associates and apprentices would prefer to do their own negotiating before we had to resort to that."

Bjorn chuckles. "We've no need of a market, lad. We'll be selling our goods just fine. And if you're charging less than any other caravan master around ... well, we shall see. I'll send along a lad who's good with his club, as my second. And I'm sure the other gentlemen will too."

Yuri waits a moment to see how they react to the offer. He's mostly successful at not feeling nervous. _If not this way, some other way._

Starguard's eyebrows raise a little, but he keep silent.

The other merchants nod, in turn. "We'll take that price, at a cart each. And when will you be leaving? Tomorrow morning?" Minas makes a few notes in his ledger.

Yuri nods. "Yes. Tomorrow. Our own arrangements are already made; please meet us on the town commons."

Minas nods. "We will see you there, two hours after dawn. Thank you for organizing this expedition."

Yuri says, "You are welcome. As I told Minas last evening, my associates and I have some pressing business in Citadel that's restricting our availability for the moment. However, we should be passing back this way in two seasons. While I'm sure that your own men will make it back well before then, I look forward to discussing other ventures at that time."

Johns nods. "Oh; we'll send some errands along with our men. And there's already a sufficiency of caravans going the other way. The Fortress uses up a lot of supplies."

Yuri says, "Oh? Now that's interesting news. We see some of it out Woolwich way."

Yuri says, "Is it more than usual? I do hope this doesn't mean that the Empire is expecting trouble."

Minas shakes his head. "I don't think it's an abnormally high volume, Yuri. The Seers have been foretelling gloom these past ten years, and the Fortress has been fortified. But a garrison of that size always uses up a lot of supplies."

Yuri nods. "I see. Then it's just the usual happenings of Spring. I hope that it stays that way. Good evening, gentlemen."

After a few more pleasantries, Yuri and Starguard return to the Swan's Neck Inn, where they explain the terms to the rest of the party. Meanwhile, Ash and Andreth have set out to chat with Tormel.

Tormel is easily found in the taproom of the Old Wives' Tail, sipping his ale, and consuming a bowl of stew. He smiles affably when Ash and Andreth join him.

Ash waves jauntily. "Heard that you were a teacher," he opens neutrally.

Tormel nods. "Kids, mostly, but I share learning with all who share coin."

Ash says, "Perhaps you'd be good enough to educate us on the subject of.... Wolves. After all we're setting out soon, and we've been attacked before.. very odd, it was."

Andreth gives a slight sigh at Tormel's remark. _Why is everyone so obsessed with money?_ he thinks, to himself.

Tormel smiles, straightening his threadbare tunic a little. "You're not the first asking after wolves, you know. The knowledge is so widely requested, it's become ... inexpensive."

Ash holds out his hands. "Every buyer has the right to inspect the goods before paying. What can you tell us?"

"But let me teach you what I know." The man pulls out a small journal, and carefully pages through it, until he finds what he's looking for. "Ah, yes. Wolves. There's been a rash of sightings of them, and several have been found who were horribly deformed. I can tell you of the deformities, and the common speculations as to cause, and the probability of each speculation being true."

The man pauses a moment, before dryly remarking that the deformities will cost you five copper, speculation will cost you ten. And the probabilities will be expensive. Those nobody seems to want.

Ash says, "Odds are... less important."

Ash sets a silver and five coppers. "Let's take things one step at a time. Or two. Go on?"

The man grimaces. "Everyone says that. Well; here we go." He pulls out a diagram of a wolf, and points at the various bodyparts. "The paws are deformed, and almost claw like. The snout is too short, and the fangs are generally less pronounced than one would expect. The rear legs are a little too long, and the forelegs a little too short. The main deformity, though, is behavioral. The wolves are attacking prey they should not be attacking, and they attack in single units, rather than as a pack. And yet they're still lethal."

Andreth follows the man's finger avidly, nodding grimly at the comment about their lethality.

Ash leans back, nodding quietly. "What about fighting them?"

The man raises an eyebrow. "Methods of fighting them are a different lesson entirely, lad. Would you care to hear about the speculations first?"

Ash glances at Andreth. "He'll say the same thing, whether one listens or six." Then returning his attention to Tormel: "Will you hold off on the explanation, and come with us?"

The man looks at his stew, which is near finished in any case. "Teaching on location is always more expensive, I'm afraid."

Ash says, "Well, walking at least won't cost anyone much of anything. Come on, I want to introduce you to some friends."

The man sighs, putting down his journal. "Why don't I finish my supper first? And then I'll join you. meanwhile, perhaps you could tell me about yourself?"

Ash nods. "Of course." He'll briefly relate some portion of his journeys here, omitting of course the more legally questionable moments, starting at the point he met up with the White Company.

The man perks up, listening intently, one hand on his lap fidgeting under the table. After he finishes, he stands up, the hand sliding into his pocket. Picking up his journal, he invites you to lead the way.

Ash escorts Tormel into the room, gathering what members of the party he can and making a brief introduction. "I brought him here for information we might find useful."

Starguard ohs? "You're the fellow who knows about the wolves?"

Tormel stands, taking everything in. "I am a man who teaches, Brother Starguard. Some of my lessons concern wolves, yes."

Yuri says, "Well, we were recently attacked by wolves. Ash says that he's been out in the wilds a lot and it seemed rather un-natural to him that we should suffer such a ferocious attack. So we'd love to hear what you have to tell us."

Tormel ahems. "As I explained to the two young gentlemen, the lessons I teach most commonly concern the deformities, and the speculations about the cause of these deformities. I can also teach you about the probabilities of each speculation. And, naturally, I can offer some small lessons on ways to interact with these wolves. The deformities have been taught, the speculations have been paid for." This lecture is presented in a very dry, precise tone.

Starguard nods, listening. "Anything to help would be useful."

Yuri nods. "And the price for the probabilities?"

"As to the specific speculations ...", he pauses, reopening his journal to find the correct page. "Let me see. Yes. Speculation One suggests that the wolves are the result of a breeding program implemented by the Stormwinds. Speculation Two suggests that the wolves are the result of interference by the gods. Speculation Three suggests that the wolves are the result of intense breeding programs in Fallan, where the people live primarily in trees and are generally expected to do stupid, uncivilized things. Speculation Four suggests that the wolves have somehow mutated naturally. Speculation Five suggests, based on migratory patterns, that the wolves are the result of a breeding program by some mage on Wilthorwen's Peak. Speculation Six suggests that the wolves are the result of a chance encounter between a bespelled human and a wolf bitch."

Yuri blinks, several times, while hearing this. "You've documented more than one wolf attack, with misshappen wolves?"

"As to probabilities, Yuri, as I noted previously, those are more expensive. Nobody seems to be willing to pay for them." He checks his journal again. "Based on current sales, I estimate that the probabilities are worth at four gold and seven silver at current market prices. And yes."

Yuri sits back.

Tormel closes his journal, and waits quietly.

Yuri says, "Well, now... I'm curious where these speculations come from. Are they your own work, or the product of the rumormill?"

Starguard hrrms. "I can think of another speculation, but it would be low probability."

Tormel looks quietly at Yuri, taking absolutely no umbrage. "Each of these speculations was presented on at least two separate occasions by two separate persons. The probability of each speculation is assigned, in part, based on the source of the speculation. I collect information, and I disseminate information. I do not create it." He turns to Starguard. "I would be fascinated to hear of your speculation, however."

Starguard says, "Could they be a type of Changers? I don't remember my history that well.."

Tormel raises an eyebrow. "You are the second person to suggest that. Perhaps you could clarify, for me, what a Changer is?"

Ash holds up a hand briefly.

Ash says, "If you intend to sell information we're providing, at least give us a discount in return, hmm?"

Tormel raises an eyebrow. "Providing? He asks merely a question."

Yuri says, "A changer? What's that?"

Starguard grins. "Questions lead to information. After all, isn't that what teaching is? How to ask better questions?"

Starguard says, "Changer? As in Changer's Bane? The reason we have a fort in the west?"

Tormel raises one shoulder. "The ravings of a madman. The commandant renamed the fortress a few years ago, and the name has stuck. But there are no reliable speculations as to what a Changer actually is."

Yuri says, "Well... I thought they might be a new tribe, or something. That's all I've heard, really."

Yuri drops five gold on a bench. "Let's hear the probabilities, then."

Starguard sighs. "There are myths and stories throughout history. I've read a few. There seems to be too much to have nothing there."

Tormel reopens his journal. He purses his lips, and considers each option. "Speculation One: plausible, assuming the Stormwinds still survive. Speculation Two: plausible. Speculation Three: Implausible, fueled by a dislike for Fallan with high probability. Speculation Four: barely plausible, based on the ways that farm animals have adapted. But given the deformities, I consider it unlikely. Speculation Five: somewhat plausible. A definite migratory pattern from the north has been observed. Speculation 6: implausible romantic fiddlefaddle."

Tormel picks up the five gold, and carefully counts out a silver and twenty copper in change.

Yuri says, "So. They come from the north... is that north of Aglamar, or north of the Empire in general?"

Tormel closes his journal again. "I would suggest that speculations one, two, and five are most plausible. Based in turn on the proclivities of the Stormwinds, the gods, and the lunatics who reside on Wilthorwen's Peak."

Yuri steeples his fingers.

Starguard hrms.

Yuri says, "None of these strikes me as a the likely answer. And I feel that this is a matter that should be more concern. Or that it will be soon."

Yuri says, "Tormel. We're leaving for Citadel tomorrow. Under what terms do you permit yourself to be hired?"

Tormel pauses. "Usually, I hire myself out as a teacher, Yuri. But I fail to see any children here. Whom would I teach?"

Yuri says, "Has anyone told you about our little company?"

Ash tugs Yuri aside for just a moment. "We're offering research into his subject," he whispers, "and he can examine any and all wolves we run across. And survive."

Yuri nods to Ash. "Yes, I'm thinking that, too."

Tormel looks thoughtful. "Ash has mentioned ... a little."

Yuri says, "It seems that we've got a mission for the next several months, into the meaning of the word 'Samaela'. I'm sure you've heard of it."

Yuri says, "The information that I find myself, tends to be colored by the source - rumors, speculation of traders, and the like. Your resources seem more... comprehensive."

Tormel opens up his journal again, paging through it slowly. "Samaela," he repeats, musingly. "I remember hearing that name ... now ... where? When?"

Tormel finally shakes his head. "No; I'm sorry, I can't find that lesson. As to hiring me. Let me see; assuming that young Kormus is willing to take over my regular classes, I could contrive to free myself up. I understand, however, that you would expect me to travel with you. I am not, exactly, a seasoned traveler."

Starguard says, "Interesting book. How many pages is it?"

Tormel hugs his journal close. "Enough pages, Brother Starguard. I keep my notes here. I have a more extensive library in my lodgings, naturally."

Yuri says, "Samaela is the word on the top of the newest spire, one of four that seems to tell the history of various tribes, including our own."

Yuri says, "We've been tasked with recovering its meaning. Of more pedestrian concern, our young Firestorm could use a general education, especially if you happen to know how to play the viola."

Yuri says, "While we understand that you're not a seasoned traveller, we will do our level best to guarantee your safety, if not your actual comfort."

Yuri says, "We'll be providing security for a small caravan, and there'll be no less than seven armsmen and two mages."

Tormel nods, thoughtfully. "And you are offering me the chance to do field research. I see. Well, perhaps you would be willing to pay me a set fee, on a weekly basis of 10 gold, and room and board. For that I will teach four hours a day, on any subject of your choosing, leaving the remainder of the day for my own research."

Yuri hmms.

Yuri says, "Well... what does the Company say? Shall we wait for Tilara?"

"And yes, I am somewhat familiar with rudimentary musical theory." Tormel allows himself a dry smile. "From the shalm to the bagpipe."

Yuri winces. "I don't think Stormy's ready for the bagpipes. At least, I hope he isn't. For a long time."

Yuri looks at Starguard, Andreth, and Ash. "Well? What do you think?"

Ash nods slowly. "Sounds equitable."

Starguard says, "Be nice to get Stormy educated. Maybe if he does well enough, we'll sign him in?"

Yuri asks Tormel to wait a moment while the fourth voting member of the party is consulted, and goes to ask Tilara and Stormy her opinion between performances.

Tilara listens to the recap of the discussion. "Sounds like he might be interesting to have along." She glances back at her protege. "And Stormy could certainly use the tutoring. The poor boy went and bought a viola this afternoon, instead of a mandolin."

Stormy protests. "I could afford the viola! The mandolin cost much more than I had!"

Yuri nods to Tilara. "Yes, I saw. It seems that Tormel knows how to play." He turns to Stormy. "How about it? If he'll teach, do you want to learn? It may make some of the magic easier to handle, too, if you can read better."

Tilara smiles. "But it's harder to play. Anyway, this fellow can teach you to read better, and do some numbers, too. I think that would be a good idea, even without the music lessons. Would you like to learn?"

Stormy nods, eagerly.

Yuri goes back upstairs to Tormel. "Alright. It seems to be unanimous. We'll take you on as a tutor for Stormy, and to fill in the gaps in our knowledge of things we encounter along the way. In return, we'll pay your agreed-upon fee and provide you with as safe a passage as we can humanly provide. The return trip will be dependent on the length of our mission, but I'm sure that when we come this way again, we'll be glad to make similar arrangements."

Tilara nods. "That's settled, then. Stormy, why don't you go along up with Yuri and meet this fellow. I'll handle this set, I think you need to rest your voice a bit." She turns back and limbers up for another bit of juggling, this time with her dulled daggers.

Stormy nods, and follows Yuri upstairs.

The following morning the party wakes much earlier, to ensure that they're at the commons in time, where the carts, the guards and Tormel will meet them. After a brief breakfast, the White Company heads to the commons, with their own well-loaded cart in tow. There, they meet the guards, who are quickly introduced to the rest of the company. They also meet Tormel, who is carrying a small backpack, and a large chest. He points at the chest. "Books. I couldn't leave them behind." And then there's the merchant's wagons. Each pulled by two horses, with a spare horse tethered in back. Minas Pjurin is there to see the whole endeavor off.

Minas Pjurin advances on Yuri. "I have taken the liberty of collecting the gold for you. The lads have the remainder of your fee, as well as funds to cover food, taxes, and the like."

Starguard nods, looking over the packing up, considering the logistics.

Yuri nods to Minas, and weighs the bag by eye, and hands him a piece of parchment with the outline of the agreement. "All seems to be well, then. We're eager to be off, so unless there's something else, we'll get underway immediately."

Minas shakes his head. "Gods' blessings on you lad, and may your road be calm."

Yuri says, "Thank you. Prosperity to your house, and see you in the autumn."

Ash and Yuri lead the way, as the caravan slowly lumbers into movement. At the town gates, the peace bonds are removed from weapons, and the caravans are waved on with well wishes. The four hired guard are sent to walk, one with each mercantile cart, with Tilara, Stormy, and Tormel in the middle of the

---

Edited by Will McDuff. Comments, questions, errors? E-mail him at [wmcduff@mac.com](mailto:wmcduff@mac.com).