In the clearing Grikugrah sits comfortably. His counsellor, a tall brown haired man, stands beside him. The man's brows are slightly drawn, and his arms are crossed, but he answers questions readily enough. Behind them, another party joins the impromptu circle.

Standing only a few inches about five feet, the man's thick neck and well developed muscles make him appear shorter and squatter than he is. The counselor nods. "Tiornel; these people were wondering about you." The man grunts.

Ash states flatly, "We were wondering about both of you. But now that everyone's here, I wish to repeat one question before I make an offer that would help all of you: What do you know of \`Samaela'?"

Starguard's eyebrow raises, and his hand drifts to his weapon. He scowls, looking flatly at the opposing leader, who looks totally at ease.

The counselor nods at Tiornel, who pulls out a splinter and cleans something from between his teeth, before speaking. "Well now ... Samaela, eh? Let's see, Jarnen, shouldn't you be speakin' of her? yer two generations closer."

Andreth's eyes flick back and forth warily. Things are starting to take a turn for the dangerously interesting.

Yuri hides his eagerness behind a wall of impassiveness. _To Hell with that nasty little toad Grikurgra. This could all make the trip worth it right here._

Tiornel shrugs, as Jarnen stays silent. "Well, there's several Samaelas ye might be asking after, like. There's Samaela the Mother, and Samaela the Crone, and then there's Samaela the Maiden." He licks his lips. "Now there's a tender morsel for a young man has proved himself ..."

Ash blinks. "Three titles for one person, or three who share a name?" He assumes the latter, but hopes for more information.

Tiornel shakes his head. "There's three titles, and there's three ladies, too. Some a little ... older ... than others." He grins, winking. "Why prove yerself worthy of a crone, when ye can have a maiden?"

Tilara listens intently, letting Mirra keep an eye on Grikurgra and his people.

Ash frowns. The Changers seem downright talkative, now.... Something's amiss. "For what reason would one wish to prove oneself to them?" he asks carefully

Tiornel chuckles. "The Maiden's maturin'. She'll be takin' a man soon enou', and who'll not sire a new tribe of god's children?"

Yuri says, "So... how many Samaelas have there been?"

Jarnen raises a single eyebrow. "Grand children, Tiornel. **Grand** children."

Yuri ponders, _If we get the Answer... will we feel something from the Geas? We might just be minutes away._

Tiornel shrugs, pointedly ignoring Jarnen's remark. "How many stars are there in the sky? How many maidens in Ungfallen's Hall? How many Firstborn did the Earth mother bear?"

Tilara nods. _That would follow... it's the **new** Samaela that is important. But how? What will she do?_

Starguard looks stunned. "What? A new people? My...my word. Do you realize..." he trails off, his eyes wide as he considers the ramifications.

Ash frowns a bit, looking thoughtful. Finally he speaks again. "What god would Samaela's offspring be grandchildren of?"

Yuri murmurs to Starguard, "Samaela was their progenitor?"

Tiornel grumbles. "Hawk. Allus the hawk."

Starguard says, "Hold on a moment, let me get this straight..."

Starguard says, "Actually, a few questions. Allus is the offspring of who, exactly?"

Tiornel looks confused. "Allus? O's allus?

Tilara nudges Starguard and whispers in his ear. "He means 'it's always the Hawks.' His accent is terrible."

Starguard ohs. "Right. So Samaela is the child of who, then?"

Tiornel grins, beginning to enjoy this. "Well, the hawk, see. Is why her children will be grand children of the gods ..."

Ash cuts in. "Does the Hawk have a formal name, as you do, or only the description you gave - 'Hawk'?"

Tiornel considers, then shrugs. "Hawk is ... Hawk. Allus as been, allus will be. 'sbin around a long time, 'as Hawk."

Yuri casts a glance over Grikurgrah. _This is probably amusing him no end. And it looks like the Changers aren't the serious enemy here after all... which means, how do we deal with HIM_

Ash nods, apparently satisfied. He turns to Grikugrah. "Do you wish for your tribe to be revitalized by the grandchildren of a god? Or are you satisfied with simply having more people?"

"Master didn't promise us a god. Master promised us no more being pawns." Grikugrah shrugs. "We grow, become stronger, regain our tower."

Starguard says, "Right, Tiornel. But who's Hawk the child of? Could you go back until you hit someone a poor ignorant priest has heard of?"

Tiornel spits on the ground. "Hawk don't say. 'S not a talkative man, 's Hawk. He comes, once in a while, and Samaela invites him back to 'er bed, but he never stays ..."

Meanwhile Yuri looks around, to see how the camp is taking this. Most of the foramen seem remarkably uninterested. The women are still working, the men are still lounging about. Twice, foramen return carrying bows and spitted birds. Once, two foramen return with a dead pig.

Starguard blinks, remembering old tales. "Hawk. Ungfallen's son was found by a hawk, after Luriel..."

Tiornel spits on the ground again, more thoroughly. "After that Luriel fella killed 'is son, yeah. Soddin' murderer. And he hasnae improved, either." Starguard says, "The same Hawk, by chance?"

"Ow should I know? Wasn't there." Tiornel answers, dismissively. Meanwhile, Grikugrah is watching Ash intently.

Yuri murmurs to Ash, "You have an idea?"

Ash smiles at last. "Grikugrah, nobody likes having their children stolen. But there are orphans who may be more of a burden than anyone else can handle. What I want to know, plainly, is - do you care from where you get new children? If not, I have a simpler solution to offer you."

Grikugrah leans forward. "Good healthy children; young. Too young too learn revulsion. But yes, freely given is as good as freely taken."

Ash nods, then turns to the Changers' representatives. "You're being paid for what you do, I understand. If you were paid by anyone else, would it matter one way or another?"

Tilara nods. _Of course. A rough life, but probably better at that for abandoned children than the likes of Ferg..._

Jarnen raises one eyebrow. "Our contract cannot be bought, if that is what you mean. But certes, we will make contract with any who offer coin.

Yuri turns and shoots a glance at Stormy. _Gods, Is he serious?_

Yuri hears something... _Children laughing... hmmm..._

Yuri shrugs to himself. _Whatever works..._

Starguard hears too, looking. This is a healthy group.

Ash nods. "Grikugrah, before the sun sets three times, we will return from Thorpenhowe. We will take your case to the Major there, and if you wish to come with us to demonstrate your boldness I am sure she will be impressed. If we are to bring you children, though, we need to know how you would treat them."

Grikugrah rubs his hands together. "Will come; wait here." He calls to one of the women, who disappears into the tent, returning with crude mugs. Pouring out some white liquid into each mug, she brings them around. "Drink, drink! Will need a few moments." Then, draining his own mug, he turns to Grarg, and gives him a few short commands in a guttural language. Grargh disappears behind the women's tent.

Starguard sniffs the liquid experimentally, and shrugging, drinks it. Good stuff, though going a little.

Andreth takes the mug politely, glancing at Starguard briefly before partaking himself.

Ash drinks slowly but steadily, his eyes tracking Grargh to the limit of his vision before taking up a steady lock on Grikugrah.

Yuri sees Starguard drinking, and drinks the cup dry himself, ignoring what his nose tells him.

Grikugrah sits down, finishing his carving. After chipping off a few more pieces, he dusts it off. It looks like a somewhat crudely formed foraman. Or perhaps a human. At that scale, it's hard to tell.

Grargh returns, leading a small cavalcade consisting of a women, two boys, and a little girl. The smaller of the boys is human, and looks to be perhaps six years old. The others are foramen, all. As they move closer, the girl pulls loose from the woman's hand and throws herself into Grikugrah's lap, where she gleefully receives the carved figurine.

After giving the girl back to the woman, Grikugrah stands up. "I bring wife, sons, daughter." He turns to Jarnen and Tiornel. "Give three days. If no sons return, kill village. Will end contract."

Yuri blanches.

Starguard frowns, glaring at Grikugrah. "Is that really necessary?"

Grikugrah smiles. "Am bold. Am not stupid."

Tilara whispers to Starguard. "Ask him what he means by 'no sons'. If he's talking about himself, no problem."

Starguard says, "Why just the sons, by the way?"

Grikugrah shrugs. "Daughter too young to travel alone. Wife stay with me. So; send sons back when treaty is made." He sounds as though he is explaining something that's very obvious to someone who is very young.

Starguard shrugs. "Ah. Of course. My apologies."

Yuri murmurs to Ash, "I don't believe it. Does this count as recruiting or reform?"

Ash nods patiently. He's learned something by watching the diplomats and merchants around him - the more surprised or confused you are, the more passive your face should be. "Alright. We leave now, unless you have something else you need."

After a pointed look from their father, the boys run into Grikugrah's tent, returning with cloaks for their parents and themselves, and three bows. Two of which are a trifle undersized.

Grikugrah nods, pulling the cloak on. "We travel now. Reach village by dark."

---

With Grikugrah leading the way through, the party makes good time. The girl alternates riding on her mother's and oldest brother's shoulder. At one point the older brother disappears for an hour, returning with a brace of birds. Late afternoon, Grikugrah leads the party out of the forest, and immediately calls a halt, for a quick meal. His wife has apparently been gathering deadwood while she walked, for she has enough firewood to start a small fire. She gives one bird to Tilara, and begins to pluck the other.

Yuri murmers to Starguard, "So how much more do we need to know about Samaela, you think, before we can satisfy the geas?"

Plopping down, the younger boy pulls out a small knife and carefully begins to sharpen it.

Starguard hmms. "I think confirming her history would help. Or maybe to figure out why her name is on the spire."

Tilara blinks, and starts to clean the bird she's been handed, keeping a surreptitious eye on the chieftain's wife to see how it's done.

Yuri murmurs to Starguard, "It seems like she's the progenitor."

After expertly plucking her bird, the woman cleans it, and spits it, and hands it to the older boy, who holds it in the flame. Then, shaking her head at Tilara, she takes the mostly plucked bird, pulls off the last few feathers, and cleans and spits it too.

Tilara shrugs and grins at the foramen woman. "Sorry... that's not my usual job."

Starguard offers to help with supper, going through his pack for any useful herbs.

Supper is soon served, the birds being divided into reasonably equal shares. The two youngest kids, instead, get some cheese and a piece of bread.

Starguard smiles, turning to the oldest of the children. "I love being on the road. Do you travel much?"

The oldest boy nods. "Travel far through wood; learn boundaries of our land." He points at the younger boy. "Will teach him."

Starguard smiles. "It's always nice to help family."

The boy nods. "Is good, have brothers. Will have more?"

Starguard says, "Perhaps. We'll see how things go. Hopefully we can clear the road and avoid fighting."

The boy shrugs once, eloquently. "Fighting way of warrior. Warrior who not fight is ... is woman."

Yuri scowls, but says nothing.

Ash hehs. "Fighting isn't always done with swords and fists," he remarks.

Yuri ponders, _One man I killed that I wish I'd spared. One man I spared that I wish we could kill. Kid's got too simplistic a view._

The boy nods. "Father fight in other ways. Says I not talented; will teach brother. But I tall, and strong. Will lead."

Starguard says, "Maybe. But fighting could mean less brothers. Being able to fight is good, if you have to. But better to not have to."

Tilara frowns at the bias in that statement. "And what of a woman who _is_ a warrior?"

The smaller boy turns to look at Tilara, and grins. "Woman who is warrior ... is man!"

Andreth grins at Tilara. "Never woulda guessed, eh?"

Tilara chuckles. "All right, I suppose I can't argue with that. Mirra thinks it's rather silly, though."

Yuri chuckles in spite of himself.

The boy looks confused. "Mirra?"

Mirra meows at the boy from Tilara's shoulder. She grins. "She's Mirra. I'm Tilara. And you are...?"

Pointing at himself with hid drumstick --- still dripping grease --- the boy stands up. "Me Giorno. Second, thirdborn."

Starguard helps out with the dishes, curious at the reaction of the family.

The woman shoos Starguard away from the one knife that needs to be cleaned. After all, that's how cooking can be kept simple; just spit and hold in the flames. No dishes ...

Starguard sweeps up the feathers, at least, making a neat pile.

The woman shakes her head, still trying to shoo Starguard away. Even the daughter intervenes, tugging on his hand.

Yuri says, "I think you're intruding on a Guild job, Brother."

Starguard says, "It seems so. Still, it feels weird not doing it."

Grikugrah watches, quietly. Finally, lifting up his daughter under one arm, he stands. "We go." Now heading straight for Thorpenhow, he leads the party through the grasslands.

Reaching Thorpenhow shortly after the sun goes down, the party is met at the gate by a group of six heavily armed guards. One steps forward. "Who comes?"

Yuri steps forward. "The White Company returns, with an emissary."

Yuri says, "We need to speak to the Major as soon as possible."

Ash taptaps Yuri quickly. "We might want to keep you know who separated from the happy family here," he whispers quietly.

Yuri nods to Ash, and murmurs, "Those three should still be in the Inn. Maybe we should send a runner to keep them corralled."

The man nods, and details five guards to escort the party to the Major's house. "We've been expecting you for some time now. We were ... worried."

Yuri says, "We said we'd be back in three days. That was only two days ago."

"But the scouts returned. After seeing you enter the barrows." The man shrugs. "Clearly, no harm was done."

Ash glances sidelong at Grikugrah - having made an identical deal with him, Ash is interested in how he takes this. _I wonder if he's ever seen Thorpenhow this close..._

Yuri says, "The Barrows were hazardous, but we didn't spend longer there than we needed. Now we have our information. We may be able to end this without further bloodshed."

Yuri says, "Are the scouts well?"

Grikugrah is waiting, patiently, having returned his daughter to his wife. His face is a study on blank expressions.

Tilara says, "We had to make a side trip. Nothing we couldn't handle."

"Aye, they're fine. Came home safe and sound." The guard grins. "Brought a small deer back, too."

Yuri speaks to the guard in low tones. "These visitors may not look like us, but their safety is important to Thorpenhow. I fear that we are responsible for their lives as well as your own."

Yuri says, "I'd appreciate it if you let the notion circulate among your fellows."

The guard nods, discreetly at Yuri. "Ugly buggers, aint they?"

Andreth coughs significantly at the guard.

Starguard frowns. "Probably think the same of you, friend."

Yuri scowls at the guard. "No uglier than the point of a sword, and just as important at the moment."

The man shrugs. "We'll put the word out. Major'll see you right off.

Yuri murmurs to the others, "I'll go in first and give her the short form. Someone should go to the Inn and let the rest of the caravan know what's up. If we're lucky we can get safe passage in two days."

Yuri says, "When I've got the Major filled in, we'll let her and Grikurgrah work this out. Ash and I should mediate. Everyone else... well, Grik has to go home safe or this will get ugly."

Starguard hmms. "I'll guard the children, if you don't mind. I don't want anything to happen to them."

Tilara says, "I'm sure the Major knows the concept of safe-conduct for parleys."

Ash shrugs a little, not expecting to be named but not averse to doing what he can.

Yuri speaks quietly to Stormy, "You've been awfully quiet. Don't worry, we're not putting anyone at risk we don't have to, especially you."

Stormy shakes his head. "I'm not ... not afraid."

Tilara looks up. "Something bothering you, Stormy?"

Stormy shakes his head again. "No. I'm fine."

Tilara says, "You don't _sound_ fine, Stormy. What's wrong?"

Shrugging Stormy digs a toe into the ground. "Nothin'. I'm fine. Honest, Til. I'm **fine**!"

Tilara shrugs. "All right, then. But if you want to talk about something, you know where to find me."

Stormy turns to Yuri. "I could run to the Inn. I won't be able to help at the mansion, anyways."

Tilara says, "Wouldn't say that, Stormy - but it's true you can speak their lingo better than most of us."

Stormy nods, suddenly grinning. "True, Tilara. True." With that, he runs down the street, heading for the inn at full tilt.

Yuri says, "I hope he remembers that we want the Andvari to stay put for now."

---

After watching Stormy run down the street, the rest of the party, including the foramen and the guards, process to the Major's mansion, where the butler opens the door to them. Alarmed for a moment by the presence of the guards, he finally collects himself, mumbling under his breath. "The room he shows everyone too is not the comfortable drawing room you have seen before, but a larger more formal room. Chairs line the walls, underneath forbidding portraits of men and women both.

Yuri murmurs to the Butler, "This may go best if I have a moment to speak to the Major before she meets our guests."

The man nods. "Follow me. She is expecting you." He leads Yuri to the usual drawingroom, where the Major stands by the fireplace. "Yuri."

Yuri bows to the Major. "Please excuse our appearance. We've brought Grikurgrah, the leader of the Foramen, to parley. It goes without saying that it will cause trouble if he doesn't return to his camp."

The Lady San smiles. "Without saying. Of course."

Yuri says, "The Changers are not the enemy - at least, not directly, but some of them are mercenaries in his service; they've been kidnapping children to rebuild their people, who are almost entirely extinct. He's interested in children before they learn 'revulsion'. Ultimately what he wants is for his people not to die out, and to reclaim the Founder's tower. It may be possible to accomadate him on both points."

Lady San raises an eyebrow. "Indeed. Reclaim, you say? Does he call us thieves?"

Yuri says, "He says that Methilwillani made them a 'promise' - the nature of the promise is unclear. So I don't think it's so much a case of theft as a competing ancient claim."

She grips the mantelpiece, looking into the fire. "So we should give them our children - our sons and our daughters - and the tower that guards us?"

Ash shakes his head. "There are those, Lady, for whom the phrase \`our children' falls from dead lips, or is followed by a spat curse. Not every child is loved or wanted, or has parents or a caretaker."

Yuri says, "To put it bluntly, the Foramen may adopt orphans. They take care of their children. They are a rough-edged people, but not brutal."

The lady sighs, white knuckled hands gripping the mantle piece. "So; we shall give them the unwanted, and the unloved ... These terms you suggest are ... not appealing."

Yuri says, "We have made no promises for anyone. However, the ... man... who would be your enemy otherwise, is waiting."

Yuri says, "There are not many of them... we saw maybe two dozen warriors in camp, and as many Changer mercenaries. But they teeter on the edge of extinction and would fight to the last."

The lady turns to face you both. She looks tired, and worn. But she stands tall, and straight, and gestures at her butler, behind you. "We will join him." Sweeping through the door, she leads the way to the larger saloon, where Grikugrah's family stand waiting. He stands with his oldest son by his side, and his wife and other children in the second row.

Grikugrah steps forward. "Grikugrah comes to parley. Grikor comes to parley." He looks at Yuri. "Where is king, to parley?"

Yuri gestures at the Major. "This is Lady San, the Major of Thorpenhow. She speaks for them all."

Yuri says, "Lady San, this is Grikurgrah, leader of the Foramen."

Ash turns to face Grikugrah. "Among us, \`Major' is a title of war - a leader of soldiers. One who fights, and leads others to fight."

Lady San watches Grikugrah intently. He, in turn, watches her. A staring match of sorts ensues, and lasts for several minutes. Finally, Grikugrah shrugs. "Will parley with warrior. Will call truce for three days."

Yuri thinks, _And now the more dangerous game begins._

Lady San and Grikugra cautiously spare around the main issues, those being the adoption of orphans and the ownership of the tower. The night grows old before agreement is reached, as both sides seem a trifle ... intransigent.

Finally, Lady San and Grikugra shake hands, briefly, palms barely touching. "Naturally, Grikugrah, I will host your charming family here. Tomorrow, we will decide final terms. I will have the treaty ready." Grikugrah nods, gathering up his family, and following the butler upstairs. Lady San half collapses on the chair.

"That was ... infuriating, Yuri. We have an orphanage now. But our security is ... is breached." She sighs deeply. "Tell me, please; what is their camp like?"

Yuri sinks slowly into a chair and fishes out his hip-flask. "It was primitive but the inhabitants seemed to find it comfortable enough. We were not allowed to speak until we had retrieved swords from the Barrows to prove our bravery - two, in fact, because it seems that I managed to say some things that Grikurgrah found offensive."

Yuri says, "With the exception of the inhuman countenance of the Foramen, it seemed like any gypsy camp. We heard children playing, saw women working on hides and other items; the men were warriors and spent most of their time glaring at us."

Lady San chuckles, then listens carefully. "Now offending a man like him isn't hard. For a moment, I worried he would refuse to speak to me." She leans back, obviously thinking out loud. "The orphanage ... the children will return regularly, so the townsfolk won't be worried. That should be manageable. The tower; they seek access into the cellars which we do not use. Again, that should be manageable." She sighs again. "But will the townsfolk accept it?"

Yuri says, "It also seems that... well, they do not practice equality of gender; there are roles for men and roles for women. Those who fill each role are given those genders. Or so their children indicate."

Lady San sighs again. "Misogynists? Or gypsies?"

Yuri shakes his head. "Act like a warrior, and Grikurgrah will deal. Act like a mother and he'll walk."

Yuri says, "It's... amazing... how many people we've run into in recent months who just don't want to deal. They want to push you around and be pushed around before they'll talk terms."

Yuri says, "All I see in Grikurgah is an extreme case of this mentality that we've found in men - and women, perhaps - from Woolwich to here."

Ash laughs aloud. "You keep planting wheat 'til you hit the fence, Yuri. That's how farming works."

Yuri says, "I'm beginning to understand that, Ash."

Lady San smiles at Ash's analogy. "Indeed."

Tilara says, "That's how weaving works, too, I think. I didn't really want any part of either..."

Yuri says, "Lady San, if you're concerned about how the people of Thorpenhow will react... what do you think will mollify them?"

Yuri says, "We are still at your service, though time grows short. Even if the peace is uneasy... we will be returning this way. What can we do to help?"

Lady San sighs. "I don't know, Yuri. Very few people died. But ... their appearance will count heavily against them."

Yuri nods. "I know. It was no less fearsome to us... I wonder... these Changer mercenaries..."

"Carry new letters to Citadel, Yuri. They must know of this new tribe. And carry new letters to the towns along the way; there are too few orphanages." Lady San ponders, then blinks. "Changer mercenaries?"

Tilara says, "Aye. What do they want?"

Yuri says, "They shapeshift between man and beast, while the Foramen seem to live in a state between. I wonder which sort, the people of the Empire would find more repulsive."

Yuri says, "The Changers do not seem to be bent on invasion - at least, not in this neck of the woods - but we definitely encountered men who shapeshift into hawks and wolves. We found... some information... to aid us in our quest from the Brothers of the Waters."

Lady San chuckles. "That's easy enough, Tilara. The Changers deceive, appearing human. The foramen may be ugly, but they're honestly ugly."

Tilara nods. "A good point, milady. A very good point..."

Yuri says, "I'm more concerned about when they appear as wolves or hawks. We kill them like animals but there's a man's mind inside. Someone with a name and a family to take offense at the death."

Yuri says, "Since they are mercenaries I don't feel that we need to fear those particular repercussions - but as you say... the deceit involved is going to make them untrustable to many."

A small shrug. "If a man masquerades as a wolf, can he cry when the wolf is killed?" Lady San shakes her head. "The Foramen ... the treaty will not be overly popular at first, but I see room for persuasion. The Changers will not be welcome."

Yuri says, "We'll carry the messages to Citadel. And then I think we'll have reason to travel back this way. By then we'll need to return to the Brothers with what we know."

Yuri nods. "Perhaps when we return, there will be a more obvious task for us to take in assisting with that persuasion."

Lady San nods. "Will you return tomorrow? I will have the letters ready. And a copy of the treaty for the Emperor."

Yuri nods. "We'll be wanting to 'escort' Grik back to his camp. We have more questions for the Changers, as well."

Lady San nods. "Very well. Grikugrah will not return to his camp immediately; he tells me he will send his sons back after the treaty is signed, with a message for his people. He and I will still have much work to do if he is to open a chapter house here."

Yuri nods. "I hope we have done well for you. This was not the scenario I envisioned... however, since it doesn't involve my companions' messy deaths, I'm inclined to think it an improvment."

---

Starguard smiles, and leads the group to their room, acting as their guide. "Do you need anything?"

Watching the children bounce on the bed in the second room, Grikugrah shakes his head. "Hunger in the morning will serve us well. A well fed man does not bargain well."

Starguard says, "I would, admittedly, sleep armed. While I trust Lady San, there are many lost sons around here. And vengeful parents."

Grikugrah nods at Brother Starguard. "Of course. Wards will be set. Please warn servants not to open door tomorrow."

Starguard nods, and bows out, taking care to warn the servants throughoutly.

Behind him, Starguard hears the sonorous chanting of a cleric, praying for wards on his rooms.

---

After repairing to the inn, for a good long night's sleep, the members of the caravan gather for breakfast. The merchants seem glad that the caravan will continue; the wait was beginning to pall. Even the four guards seem happy to get on the rood again. The Andvarri don't seem quite as enthusiastic. Possibly because Stormy has been trying to explain the foramen to them.

Yuri asks Karlsefnir, "Do you think that they are the menace?"

Karlsefnir shakes his head, grunting something about Changers.

Yuri nods to Karlsefnir. "They may be... but if they are, they aren't yet."

Karlsefnir shrugs again, eating slowly but steadily. "When the day of fighting dawns, the weapons will be sharp."

Tilara says, "The Changers do seem to be the problem. If we can split the Foramen off from them, so much the better."

Eventually, the caravan slowly forms up, the last wagon loaded and the last mule harnessed. The suggestion to escort Grik's sons is met by a bemused smile on his part, and a grateful nod on Lady San's part. Certainly, the offer has been accepted. Although given the time, you'll be happy to make it to the first campsite before dark. And you can escort the sons from there.

Lady San also gives Yuri a packet of letters, each clearly labeled. One for each town, and one for the emperor himself. Grikor and Giorno travel blithely with the caravan, still carrying their bows.

Yuri thinks, _And we recruit them anyway. I wonder that Ungfallen himself would ride with us if we met him on the road._

Ash walks easily, never straying more than a few seconds' distance from Grikor and Giorno. He says nothing; only a satisfied smile splashes like waves across the calm of his face from time to time.

As the sun goes down, the caravan pulls into the first campsite. The merchants, a little rusty on the camping routine, are a little slower than usual to circle the wagons. but eventually, all is made ready. Gerald looks a little worried. "Isn't this where the mage died, Yuri?"

Yuri says, "I think he died further on. The past few days are somewhat... blurry."

Starguard says, "Yeah. But he's not nearly as prepared as us. Nor has as many swords pointing outwards."

Yuri says, "I don't think we have much to fear here, though. There's a truce in effect for the Foramen and any dangers from the Barrows are far from here."

Gerard nods, not looking particularly appeased.

Tilara says, "Which leaves the Changers. We'll keep a close eye out for them."

Yuri nods, but says nothing further, then murmurs to Tilara, "I'm not sure we ever told them about that."

Ash laughs. "I hope the Changers don't intend to attack the campsite of the people whose return they're expecting." The levity in his voice masks the concern in his heart.

Starguard shrugs. And goes about making dinner. "Jeez. Going to have to pick up some more supplies. Gettting to be a lot of us."

Yuri \[to Ash\]: "The ones we deal with are in it for the money. That would be a battle for no profit."

Starguard says, "Unless they want to cause a war. It would be rather easy." He looks over where the boys are playing...

Tilara says, "Exactly. This is why we escort them back."

Yuri says, "I'm trying not to think about that, Starguard."

The older boy stands up, bow in hand. "I go hunt. Bring back birds." The younger boy, behind him, nods enthusiastically.

Ash rises to follow. "Hold on.."

Starguard says, "Not thinking about something doesn't change it." He blinks. "Hold boys. Take Mirra with you at least. And someone else."

Yuri says, "Just Mirra would be best, Starguard. And maybe Andreth, or they won't find any birds."

Ash nods. "Better both than either alone, I'd say."

Tilara nods. "Mirra can let me know if there's problems, but she can't do much to help defend them." She snorts at the cat's annoyed mrrowl. "Well, it's true..."

Yuri says, "Then we'll rely on speed."

Yuri says, "Besides, these are Grik's kids. They aren't going to believe that they'll need our help."

Yuri says, "I'll go. Mirra, would you follow me?"

Ash coughs. "Yuri. They don't need our help. You need hints on hunting for birds."

Grikor looks at the debate, a confused expression on his face. "Giorno and me, hunt alone. Am not baby!"

Yuri says, "Then just Mirra, I guess." He turns to Grikor. "Mirra likes birds, and she's a good hunter. She'd like to join you."

Grikor shrugs, heading into the waist high grasses, an arrow on his bow. Behind him, Giorno, wielding a smaller bow imitates his every action. Mirra, tail held high, follows them.

Tilara grins to herself as she sends Mirra with the boys. _Thank you, love. We'll stay close enough to come in case of trouble, but you'll let me know if we get too close, right?_

Within a few moments the boys are lost in the tall grasses. Tilara can still feel the presence of Mirra in her mind, growing fainter. _Cats! Smell of cats!_ Mirra seems excited.

Yuri sneaks after Mirra and the boys anyway, giving Tilara a knowing wink.

Tilara follows along with Yuri. "You do kind of need me to maintain contact." She nods to herself. _Don't worry about that right now, love. Watch for Changers. We've got to kep the boys safe._

Grikor and Giorno are heading deeper into the grasslands. Once they reach a likely spot they freeze in place, arrows trained on the ground. Apparently they've decided to try for rabbits instead. Behind them, Mirra sits, washing her paw. _Boring hunt. No mice. Smell cats. Big cats._

Tilara grimaces as she trips over a branch. _How fresh is the scent?_ She whispers to Yuri, "Do you know of any feline Changers?"

Yuri creeps into the bush and effectively disappears. _I hope I'm just being overcautious. God, I can't wait until we get to Citadel. I'll probably unwind like a broken loom._

_Fresh. Is ... is fresh!_ There's an offended yowl from Mirra. _Attacking cats!_

Tilara swears. "Damnation, whether they're Changers or not, they're attacking. Let's move it!"

Two large mountain lions pounce on the boys, catching them from behind.

Yuri gets up at a full run, shouting something incoherent.

Starguard hears the commotion, and charges into the bush, leaving dinner on the fire as he heads towards the sounds.

_Boys down! Bleeding!_ Mirra yowls, running for her mistress.

Andreth jumps up and races at full run after Starguard.

The cats, having brought each of the two boys down, stand uncatlike at attention, ears trained on the departing Mirra. Seeing Yuri, they flank and attack him.

Yuri charges into the fray and is quickly raked by the claws of one of the big cats for his trouble. Seeing the two bloodies boys, he coldly draws his rapier and mounts a clumsy defense over them, all the while shouting in pain and anger. "You bloody bastards! You just can't leave it alone, can you? We'll find you! We'll find you and burn you to ash!"

In retaliation, the two mountain lions flank Yuri, one jumping for his throat and the other for his hamstrings. While both connect, they blows are imperfect, leaving yuri with bleeding wounds in shoulder and thigh.

Tilara comes pounding through the brush and skids to a stop. She swears again at the scene and yells to Yuri. "Duck!" She concentrates and sends an arc of flame washing out at the cats.

The flame washes over cat and man alike, and all three twist out of the way. Yuri, alone, comes out unharmed. The cats both jump, escaping only partially.

Yuri continues to swipe at the big cats, bleeding messily from several places. His anger is undiminished but his breath is ragged. "Now I... gotta die... defending... that ugly bastards' kids... oh, yeah... you better pray I don't find you... in Hell..."

Tilara just growls as one of the cats breaks toward her, and repeats her spell, the arcane words sibilant in the evening light as the flames lick out again.

The first cat misses, in his attack on Yuri, and gets caught fully in the sheet of flames. Flames which lick over Yuri's body, as he crumples unconscious to the ground. The other cat, jumping at Tilara gets caught in the flames, but ducks underneath to bite her on the leg.

Yuri's last thought is, _At least now I'll get some rest..._

Starguard quickly dives to the younger's side, and lays hands upon him, calling to the stars. His healing light erupts, and the qounds all over the boy close, the bleeding ends.

the first mountain lion whirls, abandoning Yuri's corpse to pounce on Starguard. But the cleric's posture is misleading, the cat flies over his head. Meanwhile, flames shoot out from Stormy's fingertips, catching the lion in mid-air. This could be the other reason the lion missed.

Tilara pulls her shortsword free from its scabbard and swings wildly at the cat. It ducks back at the sound of steel, letting her dodge a half-hearted swipe, while her clumsy swing passes over its head.

Andreth roars a wordless challenge as he rushes to Starguard's side. "Get away from him, you!" he cries, a leaping kick crashing into the charred fur on the side of the lion's head and sending it sprawling to the ground, unconscious.

Ash follows, his great blade out, and with a grunted challenge to the beast takes a few swings - none of which connect, as the animal nimbly dodges twin flashes of steel.

Giorno, still dazed from the attack, nonetheless springs to his feet clutching his bow. Fitting an arrow, he tries to shoot, but the arrow goes wide.

Starguard spins off, going to the other boy. A chant, blue healing light, and he too is healthy once more. Yuri is next...

Tilara swings again, but this time the lion ducks under her blade and attacks, raking her across the belly. She goes down, stunned and bleeding.

Andreth whirls at Tilara's gurgling cry, and swings wildly at the creature stooping over her, missing entirely and stumbling from the force he put behind the blow.

Ash finishes the job for his friend, bringing the greatsword's tip scraping across the ground and swinging it violently in an up-stroke that severs the creature's vitals.

As the final cat falls, Starguard is already going to Yuri's side, who looks bad from scratches and scroches. As Starguard calls upon the Gods, these reduce and fade.

Seeing Tilara fall, Stormy rushes over, shoving the lion out of the way and frantically trying to close her wounds. But the bleeding won't stop!

Andreth will have a try at stabilizing Tilara too.

Yuri barely recovers consciousness, and continues to mutter semi-coherently. "Wolves... cats... hawks... we try to be nice..."

Ash hunkers low to the ground opposite Starguard, grinning down at Yuri. "You can't die yet," he announces cheerfully. "We're not all paid up."

Yuri opens his eyes for a moment. "I'm... not dead? Ash?"

Andreth comes to Stormy's side. "Dammit..." he murmurs, having little more success than the young sorcerer in stanching his fallen comrade's wounds.

Yuri says, "You're... too young for Ungfallen... and too ugly... for Meril..."

Starguard quickly moves to the last of the fallen companions, using a weaker spell now, sweating from the rapid healing.

Yuri sits up slowly. "Who's dead?"

Andreth breathes a little sigh of relief as the Brother's expert hands do what his could not, and stands, prodding one of the fallen big cats with his foot. "These guys... and just them, thank the Stars."

Yuri sees that Grikurgrah's sons are OK, and limps over to the fallen cats.

Starguard sighs. "Right. If were done with the excitement, I believe supper's burning."

Tilara stops bleeding as the spell washes over her body, and her face looks calmer, though she's not anywhere close to intact even yet. She opens her eyes and focuses on Starguard's tired face and her familiar's worried one. She smiles. "I take it we won?"

Stormy, leaning over Tilara from the other side, shyly places hi hand on her shoulder. "You were ... were magnificent, Tilara!"

Starguard says, "Yeah. I hate it when we're right."

Yuri says, "Prisoners... if these two aren't dead... then we're going to squeeze them. And I don't really care how hard."

Ash waits quietly and calmly to see what develops.

Andreth examines the corpse as best he can, looking for signs of the uncanny shapes that marked the other Changers we've fought. "You sure? Maybe these're just animals..."

Starguard says, "Save it, Yuri. I don't know feline physiology as well as I know humans, but I can stop the bleeding, I think."

The two boys are checking each other over carefully, Grikor straightening his younger brother's badly ripped tunic. Both will carry scars for the rest of their lives, but neither seems particularly distressed by this.

Yuri says, "I've never seen a cat that big. They didn't move like cats when they weren't fighting."