It's been a few days since the meeting in Ms. Nagati's office. In the past two days, a few ships have been discretely docked in less consipicuous ports. A cargo convoy arrived earlier this morning. The pirates within them are more than happy to lend their assistance. The last phase of the planning is complete. The crack team... as well as Emily and Jack... are preparing to launch, when the alarm klaxxons go off, indicating an approaching unidentified ship. The fact that weapons are powered and locked onto the station merely adds to the ensuing, well-choreographed chaos as crews rush to their ships and their stations.

There's a moment of communication between the ship and the station. A few moments later, the unidentified ship takes off at high speed, minus one shuttle, and one crew member. Jack and Emily are summoned to the station's mess, where they are brought up to speed. "We need to move today. Our target leaves for the President's office in one day. If this man can be trusted. I hope you two are ready. All we need is the psi-scanners foiled for a few moments. Are you ready?"

Jack nods, lips set together. "Let's get this over with," he says in a clear, confident voice.

Emily frowns in thought and nods to Jack. "This better be a lot of money," she mutters. Not for the first time, and definitely not for the last.

And so, the ships set out. Four ships slice gently through the tradelanes, and pass easily through the jumpgate. On the other side asteroids seem to swarm... at least as far as visual range goes. They swirl about in an ageless dance, and Jack and Emily have the occasion to witness a smaller asteroid strike a larger one. Telepathically, Ms. Nagati establishes contact. (( Alright. Tau-Alpha 4 is just ahead, I've marked it on your nav data. The pirates will move in. Now's your chance to get into position. If it all goes to pot... rumor has it there's an ungated wormhole near hear. My best guess puts it a few parsecs away. I don't think we'll be getting back out through the Jump Gate if we can't pull this off. ))

Emily's work is hardly dramatic. For a time, though, she actually looks to be oddly focused. So focused she doesn't have time to brag about her skills right away. It's only after a well placed shot obliterates a sensor drone that her work is made clear. "Silly little fools, thinking they'll tag me with something so amateur as a drone."

The approaching asteroid looms into view. Jack focuses, using the ship's sensors to give himself the best perspective he can. He concentrates, drawing every aspect of his mind together as he's learned to do, and from the heart of all that he is, power engulfs him. The momentary sense of dislocation fades and he glances about, noting a blank and featureless hallway. With his spaceman's instinct he feels about for the local gravity, and with his conscious mind he tries to orient himself with regard to the mission goals.

Alarms blare, then the station rocks as the pirate ships strafe the asteroid. Emily will see a small swarm of combat shuttles launch and chase after the pirates, and moments later, the commando ship docks. (( It's time Jack )) Ms. Nagati conveys. And then, briefly, as though flickering in and out of sensor range, another ship appears. It's hard to get a bead on it, and none of the others have noticed... yet.

The free-trader begins to do his thing. His mind is strong and focused; his telepathic power has been growing steadily more potent due to his continued contact with another psi, and he's been briefed in how to interrupt the scanning of the psi-detectors. He's prepared to escape when necessary. Though things can still go wrong, nothing can disturb him from his purpose now.

Emily raises an eyebrow, muttering under her breath. After a moment, she opens a line to Jack. "Jack.. we have another ship sneaking up on us, using stealth. I think I'm the only one who has seen it."

Jack just shakes his head at this distraction. "Then shoot it," he replies testily, returning his full attention to the telepathy at hand.

"Is that an order, sir?" asks Emily. She's already preparing herself mentally for it. People get shot? Whatever. As long as she's not one of them.

Jack growls. "Shoot - at - it," he says. "If they stick around to get shot more, they deserve it."

Emily smirks, "You got it." Like a cat the ship responds to her, and before anyone is the wiser she's already started her attack. She narrows her eyes and grins widely, "Time to deal 'em out.."

The ship is briefly lit up by the bright flash of the lasers scoring across its hull. It turns to leave, but not before launching two projectiles Emily's way...

There are two dull thuds as the projectiles impact against the _Fast Buck_ however, there appears to be nothing in the way of damage...

Carefully Jack insinuates himself into the minds of the handlers - with his talent for telepathy, he manages to bypass any Mind Shields and operate directly. Stealthily he operates, adjusting memories, supplying new associations, supplying incorrect conclusions or incorrect data that the conscious mind will later rationalize away - in his favor.