China's coastline is a series of mountaintops rising out of the ocean. In this part of the world, the ocean is green and red, crosscut with lengths of rainbow. Under the water, these patches are MEMS-assisted coral growths or crustacean kingdoms, surrounded by a thick layer of translucent security kelp that stretches up to 50 miles from the coast.

These salty waves and green vistas often feed into bright orange tidal catches which generate electricity from the waves and use it to sunder the salt from the water. Fresh water is pumped through transparent tubes up the mountainside. Inevitably, there is a town or village. In places where multiple mountains are close together, a city may emerge. Its spiderweb of support structures will lash onto the rocky slopes and suspend the urban center over the ocean.

In one such city, called Long Zai Xian, the city is alive and active. Daily shipments come via airship or hovercraft from the mainland, while enormous whale-like submersibles rise from the sea and mate with the city's tender underbelly to transfer goods and people.

Today, a man called Kotsunara Ren has been hired to come to this city. He lives on the mainland, but travels often. His mode of transportation, a passenger airship whose rigid lifting body is essentially a hollowed-out diamond with vacuum inside, would be absurdly luxurious by previous centuries' standards. His clothes are simple, tasteful, and alive - living off his sweat and his wastes, consuming sunlight, protecting him from danger. He wears organic contact lenses that have stayed in his eyes continuously for years. When he looks at the Sun, they darken helpfully for him. When he looks around, they overlay information onto his sight.

The job is an extended security audit. His employer gave him as much detail as he required and little more. He was to come to Long Zai Xian and examine the security of the city's orbital laser link - the tower to heaven which kept the city in touch with what was happening over its head, in space.

Ren disembarks from the transport. He takes his time, never one to run into anything, he quietly moves to the side, getting out of the way of the rush of buisnessmen, family members, and so forth that he had just spend the last twenty mintues. His eyes dart around the scene as he allows the mission brief to scroll over his vision.

Ren steps in after the last of the throng, polishes dark shoes clopping against the lashed city. Just another Businessmen. Of course, in his business, the less said, the better. Ren figures there's two parts to this. One would be actual physical inspection of the facilities. No doubt a nice guided tour of the facility, with the carpet rolled out and the whole nine yards. And after this, the real work would begin. As he falls in step with the stragglers from his transport, he calls up his employer, "Yeah. I'm down. Who should I expect to see at the link?" He asks, tersely.

"Kotsunara-san, so nice to see you." The man's ethnos is Chinese by the sound of his voice, but he speaks fluent Japanese - and it seems he'll insist on doing so. His identification scrolls across the bottom of Ren's vision in archaic ideographs: Ka Chun Kang, or Mr. Ka. A public "who's who" biographical picture appears after a moment as well: a moon-faced fellow wearing glasses.

"It's a real honor to have a security professional of your caliber supporting our efforts here. I'll be able to meet you personally once you arrive at the tower."

Ren nods. "Thank you Mr. Ka. It will be an honor to assist." Ren is rolling his eyes on the inside. Already too jaded with the world to take anyone at face value, he gets through such conversations more or less on autopilot. A flick of his wrist, and a nice indicator pops up, giving him a general direction of travel. As he's walking the course indicated, his eyes wander over the life here...

The people living and working in this suspension city are all tied to its status as a port of call, in one way or another - desalination engineers, dock workers overseeing robot labor, communication experts, cultural translators, professional divers, and of course all the people who support them.

Many are Chinese, although there is a fair Hindu contingent. Ren notices that a number of people here have tattooed themselves with the Venusian stigmata - supporters of the second planet, and no friends of the regional superpower of Atlantis. Some stand beside animated glass displays which flash repeating messages of agitation. Others have at least enough CPU on their AR rigs to project slogans directly into the air in front of Ren - at least virtually.

Ren chuckles softly to himself. He pays little mind to the Venusian believers. He does make a note, if possible, as to who is projecting these things for him. Perhaps they will become useful later. Outwardly, Ren is a paragon of calm, simply walking through the city on business, like so many others night.

The city itself is a multilevel sprawl of connectors, supports, conduits, rubber walkways and metal-alloy streets. If the world's largest spider had spun her web between the three mountains surrounding it and God had thrown a city down upon it, Long Zai Xian would be the result. Ren is traveling on the lower levels, where the pedestrian traffic is safe. Above him, he can hear and feel the rumbling of electric vehicles. There are few cars, trucks, or transports here; the city is well-served by small, fast, portable vehicles such as his frictionless motorcycle.

Ren makes his way down the streets, taking in the pulse of the city. Or, at least, trying too. Ren doesn't feel too out of place, business must get done here daily. His mind wanders as his feet follow the directions on his HUD with little input from himself.

The smell of food and machinery mingle together. Ren finds that a bazaar has sprung up around the communication tower. A trio of women - Alchemists, if their faux-cybernetics and glowing eyes are any indication - hover near the door in reverent contemplation. Elsewhere, fishermen are offering up their catches and cooks using nano-assemblers are yelling insults at them for "dirtying the waters". A few men are openly advertising imported Venusian drugs. Ren sees one man that he's convinced is a treebee - an Atlantean Treaty Bioroid - off-duty, smoking a hemp cigarette.

Somebody has cleared out a large open area from the buildings and partitions that used to be here, and used the scraps to construct tables. People are using them for recreational card games and food. Five children are gathered together, each of them laying down virtual cards on their table and challenging the others to identify the video clip that plays on the card.

Mr. Ka is at the tower's entrance. He smiles grandly and manages a low - and socially incorrect - bow as he sees Ren approach. The laser tower doesn't have a simple door. It has an airlock, which is odd by itself.

By now, Ren knows that he can tilt his head just so and look at the emanations of software, spotting the seams that give a telltale sign of security boundaries. He knows that his AR rig will lag just so when he moves through a secure zone. His ordinary software does well enough, but it's the personal expertise that marks a professional apart from a button-pusher.

From a quick inspection of the bazaar, it's clear that the laser tower's security zone is a tight, impassable wall around its physical exterior. Beyond that, it's no man's land. A few people are running public Spaces here, and somebody has installed some kind of free-source software that supports a low-security anonymous login. People standing in the bazaar may not have confidence that their communications will be secure, but at least people can't read their biographies just by looking at them.

Ren casts his eyes across the bazaar, and chuckles. At least there's no large bubbles of suspicious security. He gently pushes through the throng of people, reaching the 'safe' boundary of the tower. He will have to ask Mr. Ka what has happened here. Surely this is no coincidence.

Once inside the barrier, Ren gives a curt bow to Mr. Ka, an individual helpfully picked out by his AR. "You seem to attract interesting followers to your tower, Mr. Ka." He says, in Mandarin, even if Mr. Ka will insist on switching to Japanese. Ren makes no other move.

"Ahhyes." Ka chuckles. "Kotsunara-san is very perceptive. Well, it is basically about them that I wish to talk to you. Will you please come inside?" He gestures at the airlock door, which opens automatically - presumably upon his command.

Ren will step into the first phase of the airlock, and stand inside, waiting for Mr. Ka to follow before proceeding with him. "I see." He smiles, "You suspect something more then innocent tradesmen?" He says, not at all sarcastic or snarky. He will follow Ka into the main facility as the gentleman leads.

The hatch closes. Ren feels himself growing slightly dizzy, and he can feel a pressure growing in his sinuses. "The facility is a Faraday cage, don't be alarmed. You're going through ambient electromagnetic withdrawal," Mr. Ka says. The airlock cycles. "We normally rotate through shifts of personnel before they lose their adaption to the outside."

Ren checks; his connectivity is still present, although it will be slower - he's using a Yakuza virtual private network via encrypted channel, since his AR rig detected that it's now being serviced by a proxy connection. He really is out of the wireless world.

as Ren hears this, he quickly checks his AR to make sure he isn't' totally cut off. He sighs a bit of relief, although his head is still light. He makes a mental note, and puts his rig into 'protected' mode, making sure to only pick up on calls that have encryption handled by his rig or someone he trusts. "I see you take many precautions, Mr. Ka." Ren is following whatever language Mr. Ka speaks, after his 'demonstration' outside.

Mr. Ka nods. "We are the primary secure line for this region, you see," he says - still in Japanese. "Even Atlantis makes use of our services from time to time when they need to beam a message to one of their orbital Leviathans. We are one of the few Class A hashing quantum laser installations in the region." His body language radiates a tremendous sense of personal pride in this assertion.

"Mathematically proven unbreakable, you know. Untappable without an alert being generated. We manufacture our own crytographic dust. But because of that, it's vitally important that the physical station and the apparatus remain secure. Nobody can listen in on the laser, but we must still take care of other aspects. You understand perfectly, I'm sure."

Mr. Ka's voice lowers as he leads Ren up a spiral staircase and into a larger white room - the control room, by the look of it. "The, err, people outside of the installation honestly worry me. Who knows how many are agents, or operatives, or just independents looking to cause trouble? I certainly can't read men's minds. And those three filthy Alchemist women, may all their kind rot in the Hell of the Twisty Knives.."

"You seem to have quite a facility here." He looks around. He looks around the control room, tilting his head a bit to look at the security zones. "Your operations on the inside seem flawless, upon brief glance." He looks at the Control Panel, and looks to Mr. Ka, "Shall I have a closer look?"

"We've arranged a, hmm, read-only terminal here for you." Mr. Ka gestures at empty air. Upon his motion, a white window of light springs into existence in Ren's field of vision. It populates itself with controls and readouts. Presumably this is his method of accessing the facility's computers for his audit.

Ren access the read only terminal. He bristles a bit at the insult, but decides that perhaps it is not yet the time to rub Mr. Ka the wrong way. Of course, if he were trying to hide something, he's make a fake terminal up that was 'read only' and sit his family-forced contractor at it. He pushes his hand into the control field, allowing his AR rig to populate itself with the data from the terminal. He scans over the perimeter security. Of course, in a faraday cage, there should be little interference.

Almost by rote, Ren allows his AR rig, which his skilled and knowledgeable eye, to run the perimeter through it's paces. He has little interest in the data stream; although he does take one bio break in the middle, to allow himself time to get some food from the facilities here, and take care of his bio. Ren is careful to capture the state of his process as he does this, so he can pick back up when he gets back, and to note if any changes are made while he is gone.

As Ren falls across the couple of spots that probably could use some beefing up; he just jots down quick notes in his log. As his work begins to draw to a close for this day, he pulls his interface out of his terminal, and starts to compose a report on his AR rig. He puts together some report for Mr. Ka, and then beams it over to the gentleman. As he does this he wanders out to the cafeteria for a cup of coffee or such.

Ka contacts Ren, and the two titter over the security matters. The doldrums of work. Ren proposes a passport system, so he may come and go from the tower as he pleases, or at least, to any sort of system Mr. Ka way wish to work out for Ren's access.

Ren and Ka come to an agreement, and Ren leaves the tower. As his body enters the outside again, the EM hits him again. Ren is ready for it this time, like an old friend coming back. As he exits, his eyes dart over the groups assembled outside the door, the Alchemist witches, and the others, making a list on his AR, before he wanders down the streat, and over the horizon.

Ren checks his AR to see if anyone is tracking him. Well, anyone that's not supposed to be. If he finds this clean, he will walk more or less randomly, until he can find lodging. Lodging thusly arranged, he'll head back out, this time playing more of the tourist, looking over the wares of folks in the bazaar, looking for the 'someone' who might be able to key him in on the activities around the tower.

Ren finds mail waiting for him. It's from the clan, of course. Its contents surprise him. "Use any findings to discredit Ka & drive him out of the organization. Replacement has been prepared and will be hired once Ka is out."

Ren produces a reply. "It will be as you wish it." He also attaches today's report, but he assumes that this will not be enough to get his disposed of.