After leaving the paper, Thomas heads to the library to look up the identities of the names and faces he knows. Having spotted at least three technicians coming out of the building, not to mention two of the names off of Butters, he has some things to work with. Cross-referencing, he finds that the technician who was bemoaning the machine at the site was indeed Trent Prescot. John Bronski seems to be the head of the R&D department of FoxMecha. Seeing as the building was the FoxMecha Tech's testing development and testing facility, he's the man over the entire building. The photo accompanying the data is an aging man who's losing his hair quite gracefully. A few other faces come up, Lane Ortabon and David Macheski, who appear to be the two other individuals whose faces Tom saw.

Thomas adds a little extra research in - resume' or CV, to establish skills and interests. Above all he must approach the man who's most likely to fold in the interests of preserving the secrets of the tank, and without access to psychological profiles he tries to learn what he can.

Trent Prescot is certainly the most certified among the bunch for the job. Masters in Engineering, specializing in hydrolics, mechanics, and computer systems. He graduated from UT in Austin. He has been with the company for atleast fifteen years. Lane Ortabon is a computer programmer, digital and systems analysis, and while younger, has his masters. Educated at Brown, has been with the company for three years. Most noteworthy for help program the programming of several robotics for the I88204 line.

David Macheski has had military work. Educated during military school, he has specialized in weapons technology and robotics. While only having been with the company six years, has assisted in the Resistance Defusion Electronics Pulse System, a mechanism used for security protection system which delivers a fierce electrical shock.

Thomas spends the next several minutes alone, with a handful of papers and \`borrowed' pencils. All he needs is the graphite... he emerges with prints of his best efforts at drafting what he remembers of the blueprints from the CAT - the internal mechanisms that opened themselves to his inspection, the wiring, everything.

Thomas then leaves the library, and waits. He does go to the FoxMecha Tech building, but not until much after dark; currently, it is a media feeding frenzy. He arrives after dark, the plaza still wrapped in Police tape, yet no one is guarding. The front of the building is torn open like some mortal wound, baring the foyer of the building. The building looks dark.

Deciding that discretion is the better part of results, Tom studies the layout for several minutes, observing city-mandated fire exits, windows, quick-response garages for security, and anything else that might hinder him. Satisfied, he dons his dark garb and imposing mask, descends into the ground and proceeds quickly through the earth. He emerges where his reckoning puts a conveniently-concealing obstacle in the foyer - no sense in attracting more attention than is necessary.

He swims up behind a desk, most likely where some secretary or clerk was sitting at before the big metal thing came trouncing through earlier that day.

The phone on the desk is picked up with one gloved hand and held up - mouthpiece away. Kevlar-guarded fingers stab down on button after button, dialing digits, until -

"Hello. You've reached David Macheski's desk. I'm not in right now; drop me a line, why don't you?"

Hanging up, the stalker punches in Ortabon's number. After three rings, "Ya-huh?"

"Lane? This is Prescot." The sounds ripple through the air, mangled a bit, hurried up. "It's urgent. Where are you now, exactly?"

"In my office, where I told you I'd be an hour ago. What? Did something happen in the lab?"

"Meet me downstairs! The lobby! Move it!" And with that the phone is put down abruptly. The Ghost Knight takes up a position out of the way, making sure to note the positions of elevators, stairs and executive conference rooms nearby - anywhere he can hold a \`private chat', undisturbed.

There aren't exactly any executive conference rooms; those are likely elsewhere in the building. However, there is two restrooms, and a stairwell. And that's likely a janiter's closet. Within two minutes, Ortabon is walking out of the elevator. "Trent?" He calls in a hurry.

The door to the stairwell is just busy slamming shut - a convenient telekinetic nudge sufficed. Hopefully the engineer will take the hint.

Shaking his head, Lane hurries over to the door, and pulls it open. He pokes his head in. "Trent?"

The vigilante approaches from behind, creeping with his accustomed stealth. **Lane Ortabon,** the dead voice resounds, and a heavy hand is laid on the man's shoulder.

There's a visible **jump**, beneath that hand. The scientist scurries forwards, turning on his heel. "What the fuck?" After catching his heart, "You were here before."

**We need to talk,** announces the Ghost, nodding at the stairwell door. **Get in.**

The Ghost steps forward, making room for himself while the man gapes, and then allows the door to shut behind him. Without hesitation he unfurls a tightly-packed bundle of papers. He presents the first one - "hydraulics skeleton" - to the scientist. **Look familiar?**

Lane takes the paper, and looks it over a few seconds. After a few moments, "Who drew this?"

**Someone you know,** the figure answers, without bothering to elaborate further. **I have the complete set,** it adds with a flourish of the remaining papers. **You realize what someone - another company, another nation - could do with this.**

Ortabon reaches out for them, and his hand is quickly cast aside. He glares, "I wanted to see them. Yeah, they could likely botch the project, and create something with seriously lethal potential." He eyes the Ghost Knight. "And exactly why would someoen like you allow that to happen?"

**It will keep the police, and others, off my back. People who want this sort of thing have a lot of influence, after all. I can't ignore that.** The figure stalks around Ortabon in a half-circle, eyeing him with empty sockets. **Of course, it's also useful to have a man inside a big company like FoxMecha, willing to keep me informed of anything \`interesting'. In return, I'll plug your leak for you.** The fleshless lips draw back into a sneer. **Either your secrets will be safe, or FoxMecha will have an opening in its ranks. Now - your answer?**

The man's eyes knit. "Well, on the one hand, I could simply tell my superiors, and all these corporations have a little 'plug' leaks, right? But then, they'll likely find me in a dumpster, so that's not the best way to go about it." He looks back at you critically. "Why me? I'm the operations guy. I wired the sucker; I didn't build him. Prescot's over the project, why didn't you got him?"

**Men in positions of authority have always been the most watched,** explains the Ghost. **This has been true since the Crusades.. I promise you.**

Lane considers this for a moment. "All right. Reasonable enough. Now, what do I have to do?"

**I need an ear here. Don't bother digging - just keep me informed of whatever you hear that's sufficiently interesting. Don't worry about your precious Intellectual Property - I don't need it and I wouldn't need you to get it.** The ghost raises a hand, then flings the papers into the air. In a moment they ignite, reducing themselves to ashes, and as the smoke and charred bits spread out he deftly guides the remains into his hand and the smoke into one corner, away from the fire extinguisher. **If you're useful, you may find me useful in return. And if you betray me..** A black fist shoots out, punching the stairwell wall - and in a short burst of Tom's power, the cinderblock cracks.

Ortabon gawks, and shrinks away a little. Okay, so it was a good display, and it seems to have worked. "Fine, fine fine. Okay. But how do I get ahold of you? It's not like I have some flares or something."

**You'll be told,** replies the Ghost, and turns. Rather than opening the stairwell door, he passes through it and disappears.

The Ghost spends awhile longer in the quiet office - long enough to trackthe motions of Lane through the intervening concrete, steel and glass in the direction of his office. The rest of his evening is spent in patient observation, 'watching' the man move as best he can, identifying his car, his license plate number. And everything he learns, he files away, for the next and more difficult phase of this project...