Two days of rest and relaxation. Or, atleast, two days without anything major exploding. The Dew scandle has reached the media, and they are by no means treating it lightly. Many allegations are coming out, but despite the horrid media coverage, not everything is given light, so some suspect. Further in the news, there has been a rise in robberies and theft in the city, most being teenage to mid twenty males, many of whom have traces of drugs in their system. Meanwhile, in a lab, somewhere, Lydon is bent over the Tengu suit, a section removed and being looked over, smoothed out.

The Ghost Knight is performing an unheard-of function, for him. Sitting cross-legged atop a workbench, gloved hand outstretched, he exerts his powers over segment after segment of external armor and internal skeleton, straightening the metal out soundlessly and simply into its proper form. He says nothing, apparently quite focused on his task.

Lydon is watching the Knight perform, and considers the potential. He'd all ready asked if it were possible for him to wear the suit and have it molded around him; more of a form fit, but the fact of his aura made that a little difficult. But watching the Ghost Knight do the voodoo that he does so well, it leaves pause for thought. Perhaps Tengu himself needs a touch of an... upgrade. A slightly new image.

With a sigh laden with more than a little frustration, DarkGlow keys off the security monitor he'd been intently staring at. _Bloody infra-red! I'd not be any more noticable if there was a glowing 'bad guy here!' sign floating over my head._ He shoots a baleful glare at the camera mounted high in the corner. It stares impassionately back, blatantly refusing to cower before him. He suppresses a growl as he looks away. His eyes come to rest on skull face's form, and for the first time since the hospital he doesn't jerk his gaze away immediately.

After a few moments, the Ghost levitates his latest chunk of armor off his workspace to rest with the others, and hops lightly off the table and onto his feet. Taking a break? Not likely. **Lydon. Metallurgical analysis of the remaining segments indicates hairline fractures. While I can repair these, it seems indicative of a larger pattern of stress faults - they may break again when pressed. I will continue repairs when I can isolate the problem.**

Lydon clucks his tongue, nodding to the Ghost Knight. "Thank you. It may have been from the fall last week into the Kiosk that did the initial damage, or set it up for the second colission. Seems the suit is prone to being knocked out of the sky." A glance at his watch. "I will be leaving in an hour; I have an interview to make." An absent smirk.

Invisible behind a mask of shadow, DarkGlow's eyes narrow slightly, achieving a look far more dangerous than the one he'd just bestowed upon the hapless camera. The letter and envelope still lie in a pocket, and his hand still aches from the effort of not shredding them both immediately. It had taken literally hours of meditation not to confront Ghost Knight immediately about which of his not-so-friendly fans would be likely take an interest in his (currently feeling) not-so-friendly teammates. Even now, his heart starts beating a faster time, and warmth slowly suffuses his face. _Later,_ he tells himself, turning away and looking at Lydon as Lydon starts addressing Ghost Knight.. _Later, when you won't be tempted to do anything stupid._ "I do believe," he says to the older man, forcing a trace of humour into his voice, "that your blasted camera still has me cold. Or hot, as the case may be."

Chuckling towards DarkGlow, Lydon leans back against the table. "Don't pout because you can't hide from everything." Hands dropping to the table, "Not my fault you can't knock like everyone else." His tone is teasing, light.

Thomas jerks his head up suddenly, as the radio chatter in his helmet goes off. It's coming through the relay that the team has had set up for awhile now...**I must go immediately. Somebody has tripped one of my alarms. DarkGlow, if you are bored you are more than welcome to come along.**

DarkGlow chuckles at Lydon's remark. _Now--slip it in now!_ He opens his mouth to speak, but Ghost Knight beats him to the punch. With a shrug and a silent, sour _Yay, team spirit..._ thought, he answers, "Why not? I'm not getting much done here..." _And I'll have to pry into Lydon and Tengu some other day and my 'masters' will have to wait some more. Boo hoo._

DarkGlow and Ghost Knight depart for 'The Metro'. A relay of information to Tia and Guy on their radios send them skittering that way. The group, as a whole, is blindingly fast. In a few minutes they arrive, converging on the roof of the airport. The tracking device is moving, drawing towards their end of the building, towards the doors.

**Whatever is happening merits investigation,** reports the Ghost, via radio. **Those who can stay out of sight, let us see what we can see.** And with that he begins 'feeling' for the target of the tracker, seeing how many figures moving in the same direction. **There may be a vehicle waiting.**

"Well, I wouldn't expect them to walk home," DarkGlow replies. "Who and/or what are we looking for, exactly? Staring into a hundreds-strong crowd is none too useful.

Thomas doesn't reply, just yet. He's still busy scanning, trying hard to isolate the signal, extending his uncanny senses to their limit as he seeks to tie the trace to some individual or group...

Closer, close, closer. The tracer is amid a small stream of people, who are steadily bubbling out of the doors and drawing in different directions. The stream wanes, and the tracker comes out of the building. It is a laptop case, not a duffle full of weapons, owned by a very tall man, from the looks of him from above. And from the looks of things, he is not alone; a smaller man is following behind, before taking the lead towards the cars.

The Detective, easily notified on the radio heads towards 'The Metro' and finfds his comrades. At least those of them that wish to be found. "Alright... I'm here, what's goin' on?"

**Tall man, accompanied by a shorter one,** reports GK crisply via the radios. **They carry a laptop and are heading toward the parking area.** GK himself is already in motion, sprinting across the airport roof.

"Alright," radioes Guy. "Lemme know where in the parking area, and you can bet I'll be there." With that, the gumshoe turns and heads for the parking lot, beating feet instead of stepping between moments in time. After all... that sort of thing might cause more panic than it's worth.

As it just so happens, the car seems to be a little ways down one of the aisles, giving the group a tad more time to coordinate. The shadows are long, cast from the cars and lamp posts, not to mention the impressive one drawing off of Tall man, who is wearing a flannel shirt over dress slacks, interestingly enough.

**This may or may not be anything truly significant, but I wish to take no chances,** radios GK. **Guy, you will want to run license-plate numbers when available. DarkGlow, can you safely ensconce yourself in the backseat? Tia and I will follow.**

DarkGlow stares down, seeking the targets. _Why sprint,_ he thinks, spotting (hopefully) them and looking ahead to the nearest parked cars--and their shadows, _when you can just appear?_ Crouching into the shadow of one the roof's ventilation units, he vanishes, until he comes out crouched in a car's shadow, ahead of the quarry. He looks around, re-locating them. _Ah, yes. There's the tall one's shadow now..._

"Certainly. Plate numbers and the like. Make and model too, I suppose. What's goin' on? Who're these guys anyway... or rather, what do ya suppose is in the briefcase? Well, nevermind. We can answer questions later. Anything else I need to do?" asks Guy.

"When I figure out which car is theirs, I'll do just that," DarkGlow whispers back to GhostKnight, via the radio.

**Car registration data is our primary concern,** replies GK, taking up a position at the edge of the roof and seeking downward, waiting for the two men to arrive at their vehicle.

Tia crouches with GK, looking intently at the men.

DarkGlow adds, "Unless you'd rather them just not go anywhere?"

Thomas shakes his head. **They've done nothing wrong, only suspicious. I'm mostly interested in what they plan to do with that laptop.**

Guy looks about for a suitable position to wait and perhaps catch a glimpse of Tall Man and his associate as they go past in their car of suspicion (tm). "Alright... ready when you guys are. What was it that they've done that was so suspicious again?"

DarkGlow mentally shrugs. _Guess their tires will survive, anyway... Damn it, hurry up guys! You can't have forgotten where you parked already!_

Thomas slips out of his accustomed gruff shell for a moment, engaging in a moment of candor. **None of you are here because Lydon ordered you to go. I am here to find out what these men want to do with a laptop that was stored for quite some time in an airport locker. You are here because I invited you, and you came. Nothing holds you here but your own wills. However, if you are as curious as I to know what the circumstances of this are, I invite you to stay.**

DarkGlow shoots an odd glance at his radio, mutely shaking his head as he looks back to the targets.

"This is the one," The shorter man calls, dressed in a business suit. He moves to the Toyota. A chuckle comes from Tall man. "This is the car you pick me up in?" The voice is laiden with the gruff undertones of german. "It is quite small." "I... sorry about that, no one told me." "I am sure I can squeeze in the back." The Tall man opens the back seat door, and crouches down, scooting in side, adjusting the laptop case, while the driver gets into the front.

_Crap._ DarkGlow keys his radio. "I'm not too comfortable sharing a back seat. I think I should go for their tires."

"Oh no, curiosity killed the cat, satisfaction brought it back... this sort of thing is right up my alley. I've not had a good case since... well the Dew thing. And I need to make rent. So count me in." Guy gets out a bit of paper, and a pencil, ready to jot down important info... the old fashioned way.

**It will be enough if you can plant a listening device, DarkGlow,** replies Tom, frowning at this new development.

GK gets into position, and relays the plates, as the Tall man gets situated, and the driver starts the engine.

"Or I can do that," DarkGlow agrees, sliding a bug out of one of his pouches. He slips out of shadow to the rear of their car as the engine starts, and scrabbles to find a place to stick the magnetic backing. It clicks into place within the license plate cavity as the car begins to pull out.

The car drives to MC proper, and down a ways, before stopping along the side of the street near the Culture Center. As GK and Tia watch, the big man crosses into Chinatown, before stepping inside a resturant.

Meanwhile, elsewhere in Milennium City, Guy dutifully runs the license plates that had been read to him, eager to report back to GK with his findings.

Thomas reports via radio the car's position. He hunkers down, explaining briefly to Tia the situation: **The Chinese organized crime gangs are growing in power, as Sorelli reported. There may be a connection here; we shall see. This may or may not be connected to the matter with Dew, as well.**

The plates run back as a business car for, of all things, an insurance agency.

"Hey... get this... they say it belongs, of all things, to an insurance agency. Maybe they're just out to save fifteen percent or more on heir car insurance?" Guy chuckles over the radio, "Lemme know what else is up guys."

**Come over, Guy, and we'll see what we can see,** remarks GK, calmly enough. Internally, Tom is concerned. This might be nothing at all. It might be very important. So little is actually known...

"Roger that." With that, Guy will head over, taking his own method of transportation to get there, before meeting with GK. "Hopefully, we can see everything worth seeing."

Guy slips into the restaurant, after Tall, tailed by the unseen DG. The shadow-hopper can appreciate the interior; it's quite dim, inside. Tall is seated in a booth with his back to the far wall, taking to a waiter, before openning the laptop bag. From it comes the computer, and a small set of earphones, which he extracts, and plugs in. A smiling hostess calls to guy, "Hello, welcome to Happy Golden Dragon. Smoking or non?"

"Non smoking, if you please." Guy Returns the smile with a winning smile of his own, taking in the sights of the restaurant. He waits, patiently, while crossing his fingers for a nearby table.

The waitress leads him to a table that is two down and one from the row of booths, but in good view of Tall, but the back of his computer. He has for a moment a disgruntled expression, franticly working at the laptop, before relaxing.

Settling into the table, Guy goes through the menu, wondering idly what to get. "I'll start off with some water," he says, when a waiter comes by, and he glances curiously at Tall man, wondering about the computer. He's seen that face before... _OPerating system must be glitching up on him..._

As the waiter takes note of water for Guy, DarkGlow creeps forward, as the coast clears. The very faint hum of the words beat from the headphones, but they are not distinguishable, even as he closes in. Pressing back to the wall, DarkGlow leans over, peering at the laptop's face. There is a small window on one corner with what could have been a webcam, or a recording; a man sitting in a chair, his front blacked out, like those talk show guests who wish not to be known. The majority of the screen is taken up with building skematics and blueprints.

As he watches, the skematics rotate, and arrows appear, pointing at specific points in the structure itself. The entire blueprint is 3-D, and as DarkGlow watches, there is a small explosion that pushes out from the wall. As the little movie continues, a second explosion takes out a second wall at the base, and arrows indicate the fracturing of the structure itself.

Guy waits patiently for his water. That, at least, is bound to be free. He decides on some mildly spicy dish, and makes sure to request chopsticks. _Never can have too much practice with those... so what is this fellow up to... and how do I find out what he's doing with that laptop...?_ Guy whispers into the radio what he can see.

"Here you go sir," The waiter comes to Tall's table, and is a little too close to DG's position. The plate is coated in rice, with steaming chicken, onions and vegetables. Tall closes the laptop immediately, pulling the headphones down enough to nod. "Danka."

DarkGlow looks longingly at the dish. Even from this distance, his nose twitches slightly at the spices. _Oh, you bastard. You bloodly well know I'm here, don't you? Torturing me for the fun of it... Serve you right if I just grabbed your computer._ He watches chopsticks masterfully lift food into the man's mouth, and feels his own water in response. He silently marvels at how little a potentially exploding building piques his interest when the spicy certainty of food is before him. _Methinks I'm not that cut out to be a proper good guy..._

Tall actually packs up the computer, and puts it away in the bag, setting down to eat. DarkGlow's cellphone vibrates.

_For the love of..._ DarkGlow thinks, exasperated. Feeling the shadows around him, he steps backwards and emerges outside the restaurant. A glace around confirms he's alone and he hauls out the annoying device. "What?"

The voice is confident, assured, almost condescending. Familiar to the Shadow-weaver. "You would do well to leave the man to his business. Is that clear?"

DarkGlow's eyes narrow. "Oh?" he says lightly. "Playmate of yours?"

"That is no concern of yours."

DarkGlow rolls his eyes. "Of course not. How silly of me. Why would a schematic showing the destruction of a building be of any concern to me? Unless I was in it, of course. Oh, well. Anything else?" By the end, far from being light, his tone has fallen into almost-but-not-quite a snarl.

"Yes. Lie to your assistants. You would not be following him on your own; this is not your normal agenda. Curve the others from this investigation." There is a pause. "And find out the pilot of Tengu, Soon." The last word is tented with anger, before it's followed by the click and dial tone of an empty phoneline.

Guy's food arrives, as Tall has nearly finished his. He keeps the bag close to him, in the seat next to him infact.

Guy begins chowing down with the speed of someone who cares little for heartburn or taste or anything else. "Mmm. Good stuff..." he mutters to himself, as he prepares to get up and continue following after the Tall Man.

DarkGlow stares up into the sky, not caring that the brightness makes his eyes water. Sounds of meaningless fury cascade through his mind, and not tossing the phone out into traffic is the hardest thing to do. Carefully, oh so carefully, he places the cell back into a pocket, and retrieves the secure radio. _Later. Decide later. Who cares about some building, but why oh why are they so interested..._ He keys the radio, brings it up to around the area of his throat, keeping it out of his blurring vision. "Couldn't see anything of use on the computer. Just a video of some guy with his face digitally erased. Nothing suspicious."

Thomas nods, frowning. A dead end after all? **It's still quite suspicious, but it's not enough to act on, then. Thank you for your effort.**

DarkGlow smiles bitterly. He closes his eyes and the brimming tears track down his cheeks. Despite the wetness on his face, no observer would recognize the emotion shaping his features as anything other than hatred. "Eh, better luck next time. Say, Guy--there's been a 'heavy breather' calling my cell. Mind digging into the origins of the last few calls to me on it?"

"Not a problem. Anything else you need me to check out? Oh, I'll need to see the phone and so forth. Or at least get the number." Guy finishes off the last of his food and leaves the money, even though it's probably not the last time he'll pay for it.

Tall mimics Guy, after having finished himself, paying and walking out casually, heading down the street, bag in tow.

From the high vantage point, GK can see into the window of the building next to the Happy Golden Dragon. And he can catch sight of a man pulling a shelf down off the wall, and stepping purposefully upon the trashed merchandise.

Thomas gestures to Tia to follow him, and with that the vigilante effortlessly leaps from his hiding place, attaining the ground and striding swiftly and decisively forward. Not for the door. For the wall, and through it, to make the biggest impression in the shortest amount of time.

Tia follows Tom to the ground, and blinks as he walks through the wall. She ponders to herself . o O ( I can do that too.... With less wall left. ). "Call for me." She decides, and stands, outside of the wall, waiting.. watching.