Ming staggers and falls to her knees, putting a hand to her head. She lets out a moan of pain and sways there, looking ready to fall flat on her face. She mumbles something incoherently, quite lost in what just happened.

DarkGlow, on the other hand, is more than lost, crumpled on the ground were he fell. With his hood down, the blood trickling from his nose and eyes is actually quite startlingly bright against his too-pale skin. The only sound he makes is a quiet snuffling as he breathes through his liquid-filled nostrils.

"Well now... that's uh... er... y'know, I'm not quite sure what that is. Besides blood, I mean. Probably some kind of psychic trauma. Or he's been drinking at Starbuck's again. Either way, we should help him... GK?" Guy watches his team-mates with a rather concerned look on his face.

GK steps forward quickly, lurching into a kneeling pose beside DarkGlow. Tugging off a glove, he reveals a pale, sweat-sheened hand that presses first to veins, then pries open eyes slowly. The Ghost examines the vitals slowly and methodically, a frown on his fleshless face.

Ming slowly recovers, though she keeps her eyes shut, "Is he alright?" she asks. "It was.. I don't know. I haven't felt the like before. I can't seem to see, my head feels strange. Everything is so dim."

Guy says, "That's because your eyes are closed."

**He won't die,** reports the Ghost, calmly tugging his glove back on. **His body is overwrought. Something in the nerves, I would guess.**

Ming laughs softly at Guy, "I imagine they are." She doesn't open them, however. "It's odd, like after you hear a very loud noise and all else seems soft, only every thought is that way. I had best not try to send anything, I imagine it'd be quite the shout."

GK frowns, considering the unconscious man before him. He rises a moment later, and gestures toward the stock of bottled water laid in for the team's exercises. One bottle obediently rushes to his hand, and he crouches again, considering the prone form. **DarkGlow.**

Guy says, "Kinda like keeping headphones on, or something..." He ponders GK, "So is he gonna be alright? Are you sure we're gonna get DG back and not some kind of freaky posessed ghost with evil powers that can kill a man with a glance?"

**Don't make me prove your words correct.**

Ming just sighs, not even trying to move. "I don't understand what happened," she murmurs. "I did what I've done dozens of times before, perhaps he tried to let me in?" She rather doubts that.

**Go en rapport with me,** suggests GK softly. **And let me feel what you felt.**

"Brace yourself," says Ming softly. And then she opens the link and releases the sensation of what she would simply call a psychic storm. She shudders, even doing this much and after a moment the link crumbles completely and she falls forward, braced on a hand. "Not doing that again.. head feels like icicles are stabbing through," she mutters.

Guy sort of closes his eyes, imagining what it must be like. _Yeah... remember that time you ate that pint of ice cream in three seconds, and then your brain... yeah... like that._ "Ow. That must be one heck of an ice cream headache..."

The Ghost does nothing so much as topple over. After several seconds, though, he shakes his head and rises again. His 'voice' is unsteady, the dead sound of it wavering like a badly tuned radio. **A subconscious defense mechanism, or an undirected, latent telepathic power. Something he possesses but does not control.**

DarkGlow stirs as the neurons in his frontal cortex begin to fire in something approaching a normal pattern. Unsurprisingly, that 'normal pattern' also clamps his throat shut before anything as mundane as a moan or whimper can pass. His eyes open a crack, and even that little opening seems to set his optical nerve afire. _Bloody hell I hate waking up on my back._ Thinking is somewhat difficult through the interference a massive headache is causing, but at least he seems to be able to string a sentence together, at least menatlly. _Great. Now say something intelligent aloud that will make this all just go away..._ "It's not her fault," he says, the words barely louder than an exhale. _**That** was intelligent? I think I've lost a few brain cells..._

Thomas continues. **Perhaps this explains his aversion to telepathy. A conscious manifestation of the defense.**

DarkGlow sits up at that, and this time a whimper _does_ pass through his throat. "Nothing like that," he says after the pain calms a little, huskily but more normally. "It's my fault, not hers."

"Well that would explain it. Either that or he's secretly a Republican..." muses Guy, shaking his head. "Either way..."

Ming turns towards Guy, and would glare, if her eyes weren't still shut. "You know, maybe I will let you share a bit of how that felt," she murmurs.

**You were found unconscious once before,** observes the Ghost, softly, to DarkGlow. **Did someone attempt telepathy on you then?**

_Well no one seems to be paying me the slightest attention. Good, I think. Now button your lip and stop protesting her innocence--like anyone'd get suspicious of--_ GhostKnight's voice snags DarkGlow's attention. _Right, trust him to be watching me._ A red-rimmed and blood-shot pair of eyes squints over at GhostKnight. _What the hell did I tell them last time? Christ..._ "Uh, no. The shadows were unstable due to the other me's. There was a bit of a flare-up. I guess maybe I'm still settling down." _And that fits with your mumblings about 'not her fault' how, exactly?_

"Something happened there, though.. I don't understand," says Ming. "Maybe my powers are not as safe as I thought? I've done that so many times before, but it was different, this time. There was the slightest flicker, like a distant candle reflected in a mirror on some stormy night."

**Nevertheless, the fact remains that there is at least a semi-active element of your mind, protecting it from intrusion,** suggests GK, calmly. **Clarity, he is at least somewhat conscious of the defense. If you both wish to try contact, I think it could be made safer.**

"Yeah, well psychic defense will do that to you, I guess. I dunno, all of this mind stuff confuses me. I took quantum physics, not meta physics in school," says Guy, scratching his head with a bewildered expression on his face. "You wanna ask me about bending time, and seeing things and getting your brain to spin up faster than a 3.4 gig processor... well..."

DarkGlow stands far too quickly for his currently delicate head. "No, no, nothing like that," he manages between flashes of pain. "Me, psychic? Heh, too funny. I'm sure Clarity here could pry into-- I mean, uh... Not that she'd... I-- I don't know what I mean." _Then shut up, already!_ "I'm just... actually I have no idea what I am at the moment , other than going home seems a damn fine idea. I'll get the school nurse to write me a note so I can skip your phys-ed, okay? Maybe tomorrow or something?" His voice is plaintive and pleading by the end, as his thoughts start to dissolve into a sea of pain and panic.

Guy says, "Sounds like a republican to me..."

**You have nothing to fear from her,** says GK, in a soft tone of voice.

"I don't know that it's wise to dart off so fast, DarkGlow," answers Ming. "You were hit worse than I was, and I still do not think I should try standing, much less going anywhere. It might also be good to stay where you can be monitored, in case something else happens. I still feel far from right."

Guy blinks a few times. "You feel far from right? Well then Ming, I suppose it's safe to say you're not secretly a republican. If you don't feel very right after messing with DG's mind... well it just goes to show you he's not right. There goes that theory."

"Could someone hurt Guy for me?" asks Ming, who still has her eyes shut.

DarkGlow grapples with shadows and his knees almost buckle. As one of his arms pin-wheels momentarily for balance, his eyes, gummedwith blood, are drawn to his gloves, the black leather of which is also gummed and glitters wetly. "Yes I do," he whispers,with the honestly of thoughtlessness. "Shadows don't hold blood," he continues. "They--" Ming's words register, her annoyance suddenly resonating with his own. A twist of Guy's shadow lashes out, slapping him hard, opening a pressure cut on his cheek. _Oh, hey._ He brings the shadow over to GhostKnight. "See? No blood?" His gaze wanders back to his gloves. "I wish it did though. Maybe it'd mean more that way."

**What is it you fear?** asks GK quietly.

DarkGlow shrugs, muscles suddenly shivering. "Being subsumed, of course," he answers dreamily. "Falling all the way into darkness."

**And why would that happen?**

Ming sighs, not pushing herself up, though she considers it for a moment. She will just stay put, where things are nice and stable--for now.

DarkGlow says, "I've seen it. She fell, the other DarkGlow. The power dragged her down. Maybe she can pull out of it, but somehow." DarkGlow shakes his head, helplessly. "And Sasha... She's coming, you know? She's blacker than I, stronger... It's why I left, but sometimes it still feels like I'm drowning..."

"Huh. That's uh... er... uhm, what the devil are you talking about, DG?" Guy gives up all pretense of trying to understand the conversation anymore.

DarkGlow blinks, looks around at Guy. "Hey, you're bleeding," he tells Guy. "What am I talking--? What? I..." He shakes his head. _Wake up. Please wake up... What was I..?_ He blink, horror prickling him. "Nothing. I'm dizzy. Just mutterings. A few aspirin and a few hours of sleep, that's all I need. Sorry for the mess. See you... later." He begins walking to the door.

**One thing.** The Ghost makes no move to stop his teammate from leaving, but he does at least speak. **This Sasha, she can come. She may be stronger and darker. But she is alone. You are not.**

"Yeah. Well you make one too many jokes and evidently..." Guy shudders. "Well, let's just say I'm going to be investing in a lot of band-aids. So uh, you might wanna stay arounf here, you don't look so good. You're pale. Er."

Ming finally opens her eyes, though just barely. She turns them to watch DarkGlow, careful not to move her head. She doesn't really want to land on her face, it's hard enough to seem credible as it is.

Thomas rests one gloved hand on Ming's shoulder, a reassuring weight, unencumbered by useless words.

DarkGlow glances back at Guy as he walks. "I did that, didn't I? Sorry. But home is where the heart is, or whatever." At the door, he pauses, looks back again. His eyes pass quickly over Ming, and rest on GhostKnight's figure. "In the night, in an alley or darkened room--heh, or even a deserted rooftop, my dear GhostKnight--as streetlights glare too far away to provide any sense of safety and the sound of the cars is barely louder than your own breathing and your heartbeat hammering in your ears and your enemy, your fear, draws near, unseen... Yes, I am." He walks through the door, his last words a sigh: "But I will face my fear."

In the wake of DarkGlow's departure, the Ghost Knight is silent. He remais so for moment after moment, a hand resting reassuringly on Ming's shoulder. Finally he stirs. **There is another source of information I can consult. Someone well versed in matters of the mind. Clarity, you know of whom I speak. Guy, I would like you to come with us.**

"Really? Well... sure, I'll be the third wheel." Guy scratches his head again, shakes it. "And after that I'm swinging by the library to pick up a copy of Telepathy for Dummies..."

"Are you sure that is wise?" asks Ming softly. "I'm not sure how kindly he'll look on me, to be honest. And in my current state, I'm in no shape to deal with him if he's going to be difficult."

**He will not be difficult, not this time,** replies GK, carefully.

"That at least is good," answers Ming. "I don't suppose he'll be polite this time, though."

---

Richard Temple is found in his study, staring intently into the eyes of a persian perched on his desk. The feline's fur is standing on end, looking a bit ruffled, but its' tail moves very slow, side to side. It seems to be mimicing the motion of his finger back and forth before the animal. Richard looks up as the three enter his study, the cat seeming to snap to attention and roll over onto its' back, shaking its' head and kicking a foot.

The patriarch of the Temple line drops his hand to the feline's stomach to scratch. "Ghost Knight," He says almost grudgingly, nodding to the skull-faced vigilante, though his attention shifts over to Ming, and finally Guy. "Hello. My associate has mentioned you before. It is nice to put faces to the exploitations."

**There is a matter we wish to ask you about,** opens GK, calmly. **It concerns a man with a latent telepathic defense mechanism, one that seems a potential danger to his health and sanity. I do not come for assistance, only information. Our Clarity can probe into his mind, should it become practical to do so; what we cannot predict is whether it would be safe or wise to do so.**

Richard nods, looking to Clarity, his face unreadable. Seeming as though he knows the answer, "Have you previously made mental contact, or attempted so, and what were the results specificly."

_Faces to the exploitations... geez... when do we get to meet the guy that's happy to meet us?_ Guy shrugs, "Well, y'know what they say... uhm... about faces and names, and stuff." He pauses as GK speaks, he points to the cut on his cheek, "He did this too. Keeps saying something about being haunted.."

Clarity will offer a polite bow to Mr. Temple. So here is that man that might poke around in her head whenever he wants. She thought he'd look more sinister somehow. "I have, and the results were.. perhaps best expressed by demonstration. It left me quite shaken. I have never felt the like of it before. DarkGlow collapses from the slightest brush and the backlash nearly knocked me unconcious, as well. I can share the information with you, if you wish, but it is not a comfortable sensation."

"I understand." Richard sits back, paying a moment's attention to Guy's face. "If he did not intend to do that, then it might confirm a suspicion: these powers might be rooted in his subconcious for now. He may get impressions and automatic mental defense without any control or even awareness. And," Gesturing to Guy's face, "The powers may manifest impulsively, a representation of the id, if you want to give Freud a thought. DarkGlow. It sounds as though he has some sort of power of his own; is this in addition to some other gift, or has he shown no representation of other capabilities yet?"

**He is a shadow manipulator,** explains GK, curtly.

"He went kinda bonkers when he met the alternate versions of him from parallel dimensions..." adds Guy, helpfully.

Richard ahs. For a moment, his face grows dark before it is gone. "Then either his powers are a manifestation of the latent psychic abilities, or are in addition." Regarding Guy, "Has his problems and _haunting_ been happening before or after his alternative showed up?"

"Uhhmmmm... I dunno. Before, I think..." muses Guy, "Although it got kinda noticeable after..."

Clarity simply remains quiet for now. She'll leaves the exact details to others. Somehow the prospect of Dark Glow being a telepath on a subconcious level doesn't seem so ideal considering what happened.

Looking back to Clarity, "I would not advise telepathic attempts for now. I would like to look up a few things - and speak with this man or at the very least observe an interview. For now, don't try - he has no control, and until he attempts to exert some sort of control over it, his mind will be a maelstrom of dangerous possibilities. Infact, I would be careful with him - if gone unchecked, depending on what the powers are, he might start to develope some disorders or severe problems. Keep an eye on him."

"It seems he may already be developing a fear of his powers," answers Clarity softly. "But I will do what I can, and I think it may indeed be wise for someone of greater strength to consider the matter. I don't wish for him to be injured again."

"Very good. You seem responsable with the potential pandora's box of your gifts, Clairty." Richard glances down at the cat on his desk, lost in thoguht.

Clarity bows to Mr. Temple, "I have learned a few things, at least. I must be patient. Progress may come swiftly, but only with great risk. This unpleasant situation with Dark Glow makes it all the more clear. The world of the mind is a dangerous place, indeed."

Richard looks to the Ghost Knight. "You find yourself in very respectabe and worthy company. Remember that."

Thomas inclines his head, then turns and strides out. The meeting is over - it went well, all things considered, he reflects.

---

Ming returns home, late that night. Checking her mail, the woman finds that she has a package. Taking it upstairs with the rest of the mail, she does the evening rituals, checking on her sister - who had tucked herself in - washes up, finds something to nibble on, and finally sits down with the mail. The package appears to have been sent from Austin, Texas. Inside are four items: a binder filled with scientific notes, an envelope, a videotape, and a long, sealed plastic bag stretching the box.

The videotape is of a bed of fat roses settled in a flowerbox. The camera pans to observe the petals open like a cup. Within a few seconds, a butterfly flutters over a rose, then eases down onto the flower itself. The rose petals snap shut, and as sunlight streaks through the red petals, the butterfly can be seen struggling within its captured prison. The camera shifts, Ming can tell it has went microscopic, and the film appears to have been sped up. The flowers open their petals wide, and in rapid succession, eac rose sends a puff of spores into the air that settles on the other clustered plants.

Within the plastic bag is a rose specimen. The petal portion is fat and circular like an upside-down bell. Along the rim of the petals are small sticky prongs, which are not like teeth but tiny hooks. Ming manipulates the petal itself, and the prongs stick and hook together.

The notes themselves discuss the specimen. It is a new species, a combination of Bloody Mary's Roses, a venus fly trap, and chrysanthemums. The skeleton of the rose's genetical makeup has been altered, graphs microscopic pictures of the genetic structure showing the difference between each flower, and then finally the product itself. The paticular genes are also pointed out - the aspects of the venus fly trap's carnivorous practices and the chrysanthemums' pollination. The genetics themselves look very smooth, without any missing points or bad recessive structures. The process of manipulating the genetics seems purposefully withheld except for the beginning steps, which seem very advanced, even for Ming's research.

Inside the envelope is a simple note. "You are a brilliant geneticist. What I have sent you is child's play to what I can do. Imagine what I have accomplished with the human genome. Think it over. Be careful with the evidence; there's no telling who may want to find it."

Ming raises an eyebrow, studying what she's been sent very carefully. She doesn't touch the rose without gloves on. Anyone capable of this much may decide to leave a fun trap to test her. In any case, she puts it carefully away and turns to her computer, capturing the information she was sent and sending it on to two interested parties. Lydon and Thomas. Beyond that, she'll try to figure out why she was sent this sample. Maybe this person has found what she seeks?

---

Thomas, fresh out of his last class, is hurrying to Ming's office. However, when he arrives, there are a cluster of five suits outside her office accompanied by two police officers. He is just in time to see the door open, a man and a woman walking into Ming's office.

Thomas approaches cautiously, showing whatever curiosity a typical student might.

Outside of the office, the suits and officers look on edge, trigger happy, tense and anxious.

Ming is actually rather used to official intrusions, but this kind of thing gets her attention. "Come in, by all means," she says, smirking a little. Be nice if these guys learned how to knock. She is actually just eating her lunch and taking it easy. Or she was.

The man nods, and as one the two agents present badges. "I am Agent Dadeson and this is Agent Fish," introduces the woman. "We are with the FBI. You are under arrest."

"Under arrest? What for?" asks Ming. She doesn't make a move yet, but she is curious as to exactly what response is best. A pity she can't vanish like Dark Glow. She can still vanish if she wishes, however.

"Article two, section eight of the Patriot Act permits any suspect of interaction with a terrorist to be arrested." Agent Fish turns, looking over the crowd. "Officers." The two police men step into the room, cuffs in hand.

"What did you say your names were, detectives?" asks Ming again, still not moving. She wants to remember, for later. Ming may not look the part, but she can hold a grudge far better than anyone would ever imagine.

"Dadeson, and Fish," responds Agent Dadeson. The officers move to flank Ming, b efore one notes, "You can put your lunch bag in the bag, ma'am, we'll bring it along." The officer's partner gives him a look before he begins reading Ming her miranda rights.

"If you would be kind enough to just walk me out, it would be appreciated. I'd rather not have my students see a teacher hand-cuffed, even on charges that will get those involved fired." Ming rises smoothly, prepared to be very difficult if they don't grant her request.

The agents and officers exchange looks, and finally Fish nods. The handcuffs are replaced on the policeman's belt. "Please follow us, Ma'am."

Thomas looks this way and that, observant for anybody keeping an eye on him. He slips out of the hallway - straight down. A few seconds should suffice. As he swims over and upward, a hand reaches into his pack, retrieving one of his tracking devices. Anyone looking down at the floor might be shocked to see a hand protruding from it for just a second, and slipping the device into the pocket of Ming's jacket.

(( I will cooperate with them for now, but I'm afraid my training will have to be accelerated )) sends Ming. She sighs silently, adding (( You know, I never really hated authority before. That's changing quite quickly. It must have something to do with that package. ))

The FBI agents and police officers cluster around Ming, keeping her in close watch while they walk her out of the building. While not hiding her, they are keeping completely careful regarding this potential threat, or false alarm. Though one of the officers did bag Mink's lunch. With that, they cuff the professor right beside the patrol car and ease her in.

(( Alright. So uhm... yeah... what do you want me to do? Rescuing you would be easy enough, but I don't want you getting in trouble with the law... )) Guy sits up, moving from the desk in his office to a space near the University in the blink of an eye.