Wednesday. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining. A relatively pleasant day. However, the weather does not fit the business a certain detective is setting himself to do. Question the man who accidently assisted in a man's death. A witness with a front row seat. He stands in front of a neighborhood in Rivertown, a section of MC that has some houses lined along the Detroit river. These, are not. They are not 'poor' houses, but are very slim. 'Quaint' is what a Realistate agent would mark them, but 'tiny' befits them better.

"Alright, here we go. 12401 Riverton." Guy reads the address aloud, before looking around at the weather. _This really isn't the proper sleuthing weather... a rainstorm'd be more dramatic. Nonetheless... best to keep an eye out for trouble. The NPG could still be about._ The detective's shoes, bereft of gum for the moment, begin their slow walk towards the house. Guy knocks at the door, twice. Idly, he sets his floating teleport location someplace fairly out of the way.

Not an immediate answer. One minute. The blinds on the window next to the door ruffle. "Who is it?" Calls a voice from behind the heavy door. No doubt the peephole is being observed through.

"Yeah... my name's Guy Neville, Private Eye. I'd like to ask you a few questions, if I might." Guy holds his hands out to his sides, indicating that he's quite unarmed. At least he tries to seem that way.

Another pause. Then the door opens slowly. A tired, old black face stares out at him. Brows turned white scrutinize the Private Eye a second, before he steps out of the way. "Might as well come on in."

Guy steps slowly into the room. He nods to the fellow, giving him a rather thankful nod. "Thanks." He steps in so that the door can be shut, and offers a hand, "Like I said. I'm Guy. What's your name?"

Door shutting, he turns to move in the tiny living room, before pausing, to spy Guy's hand. This he takes after a moment of hesitation, a good strong grip despite the obvious age. "Cecil," He replies. "Cecil Ashens. Though you probably know that." With that, the man steps away, and crosses to his recliner, to ease on into. A gesture to the couch that was in style about thirty years ago, situated across from him.

"Nice t'meetcha. And it helps to make an introduction, regardless of whether or not I know your name." Guy takes a seat then, easing onto the couch. _Wow. This couch is quite stylish. I should get something like this for my office._

They say pets resemble their owners. So could be said about the old golden retriever watching Guy from it's perch in the spot where sunlight filters through the blinds onto the floor. Ferocious guard dog, it must be. Cecil leans back in his chair, and seems like a weathered gargoyle in recline.

The dog is given a rather warm smile. "Heya poochie," mutters the detective, before glancing back over at the weathered gargoyle. "Well, may as well cut to the chase, as it were. I understand you were the one driving the train a few nights back, when that Dew Chemical guy was hit? 4 am, right?"

'Poochie' raises his head, ears cocking and if a dog can give someone the wary eye, it does. Harmed dignity? It's head lowers back down. Cecil nods. "Yessir..." A shake of his head, and his demeanor just seems... tired. Drained. The smell of old alcohol can be detected in the air. Leaning forward, one of his hands touches the coffee table. "This is where the tunnel meets the platform, and where the rail comes in first. It doesn't start slowing down til about a yard from here." His worn hand flattens out vertically. He taps just south of that hand. "This is where the platform is." He drags his finger along. Then puts his hand right beside the meeting of tunnel and platform. "He was standin' right here, must've."

Noting the wary eye... or facsimilie there of, Guy smiles apologetically. He explains, briefly, "Well I don't know your name yet..." before turning his attention back to Cecil. He settles into the couch, leaning forward to listen to the explanation of where the person must've been. He watches, "Alright, I gotcha... but... there aren't any stops there are there? Didja see anything else?"

"Saw the whole damn thing." His tone's a little... away. Mystified. Or still shaken. Eyes that were once very drained are a touch more vivid, as they gaze up to Guy. "You a religious man, Mr Nevel?"

"Yeah, I am. A little bit, anyway. You?" Guy tilts his head, intrigued now. He looks up from the table, peering back into the now slightly more vivid eyes.

Those eyes look away. The dog eases onto it's feet, and shuffles over to Cecil, who drops a hand to pet over its' head. "I had forgotten, for a while." A rueful smile finds him, more sadness then anything. "But then things come around and remind you of just what's out there."

"Oh? What had come around to remind you of just what's out there?" Guy's attention drifts to the dog, then back to Cecil. He rests his hands on the table, settling into the couch, though still paying rapt attention.

His tone's very quiet, but very clear. Guy has delt with enough people to know who is lying and who isn't; this, by the sound of it, is cold fact. Those eyes return to him. "I saw the Angel of Death come get that man infront of the train."

_Well he's definitely telling the truth._ Guys' eyes go wide at that. "You saw... the Angel of Death come get that man? What do you mean? Describe it to me. How'd you know who it was?"

A wave of his hand. "When you see, you know. Isn't no questioning about it. The rail has lights on the front, and they lit up this... Fog, around the man. It was circling him, and the... the Angel was in front of him. Clear as a bell; I could see the terror in that man's eyes **through** it. And it drifted on up right before he was hit."

"You saw the Angel? Fog around the man. You coud see through the fog, or through the Angel? What did the one in front of the Fog look like?" Guy's voice has taken on a more awed tone by now, curious in the extreme as he listens to Cecil's tale.

"Fog... mist, whatever you wanna call it. It was like white air that was gripping the man... was his name Alexander? The mist I could see on through, but I could see through the... Angel too."

"Lucius Alexander. Yuo say the Angel was transparent? What... what did what you saw of the Angel look like?" Guy's eyebrows raise and knit, before repeating the process. _The plot thickens._

His face scrunches up just a little bit. "I... I don't know. I didn't get a great long look. It was this... clear... Being. And it drifted up right before the train got Mr Alexander. He was just gaping and looking up at it as it drifted up, and then at the train and then he go thit."

"Alright. A clear... being. Wow." Guy's head bows slowly. He looks back up at Cecil. "What've you been doing since? Were there any stops right around there where that was? Anyone else who might've seen what you saw?"

A shake of his head. "This was the Downtown station, there's only nine stops on the whole rail system. No body, no... There were a few people on the train, I guess, but nobody who saw it." A shake of his head. "I've been here. Took a few days off of work. Going back tonight."

"Wow. Well that's good. Hope ya don't see the Angel again... but if you do... or if y'feel like someone's giving you trouble... gimme a call alright?" Guy nods then, looking over at Cecil, then the dog, then Cecil again. _Wonder if the sec-tapes picked up this... fog and Angel_

A sad little chuckle. "I hope to not be seeing that Angel again anytime soon, Mr Nevel... though I bet I will."

"Well lemme know if you do." He notes his contact info for the fellow. Guy gives a slight smile, "Thanks for your help today... stay safe, alright?"

Cecil gives a little nod, and the dog walks over, giving Guy's leg an experimental sniff. "Goodbye, Mr Nevel. Hope you don't run into the Angel anytime soon either."

Guy scricthes softly at the dog's head, petting the faithful hound. He looks back to Cecil, giving him a nod. "Here's hoping neither one of us sees 'em for a long long time. What's yer dogs name?" He asks, just before turning to leave...

"Rufus." Rufus's ear tilts at Cecil, before meekly wagging his tail at the attention. Cecil eases to his feet, and steps on over to the door, to open it. "Did I help you any, with what you were looking for?"

"I hope so, Cecil. I hope so." Guy gives Rufus another little scritch, before waving to Cecil and stepping out. "I'll let y'know if I find out anything else you should know."

"All right." A wave. Then he shuts the door, and the sound of the lock tumbling over can be heard.

_Interesting. Some foggy Angel shoves the guy in front of the train. Maybe it's another superpowered thing... maybe it's really an Angel. Either way... someone else was bound to have seen that. I intend to find out who and what. Next up... check with the bum the cops dragged in, and see to it that the tape's are still intact._ Guy walks down the street in the sunny weather, looking ponderous.

The homeless are all over Millenium City. Alleys, basements, abandoned buildings, you name it. The police report said that the homeless man, a George Smitz, wouldn't tell them anything. He wouldn't crack. They really did not have anything on him; they had to release him later that sunday. However, they Did send him over to the The Toshiro Yamaguchu Memorial Shelter. Funny, that he happened to be sent to the clinic funded by Lydon, but it was the best the Downtown area had - hell, it was the best the **city** had. A call Guy had put in informed that he was, in fact, there. The shelter itself was a vacant office building, but has been in operation ever since it's dedication... last week. So much has happened over the last week, but it was in full swing. The FoxMecha Tech building - where the CAT had crashed the ceremony and the front of the building in the process - was in the process of reconstruction.

Guy walks down to the Toshiro Yamaguchu Memorial Shelter. He glances about, keeping an eye out for any kind of fog as he does, among the other things one generally keeps an eye out for as they walk down the streets of Millenium City. _Nice place. Heh. Things keep going back to Lydon. Interesting._ He looks about, and heads for the shelter, though a rueful chuckle escapes his mouth upon spotting the FoxMecha Tech building. _And so we come full circle. Or something like that._

The interior of the foyer is bright and cheerful, painted with a soft, pastel blue, darker along the foot boards and the ceiling, almost a calming effect. Several chairs are off to one side, sitting in one a man reading the paper. Though from his shoes, the cut of his slacks, Guy can tell it's a uniform; a security guard. A rack of brochures line the front of a receptionists's desk, a woman typing away at a keyboard. She looks up as Guy enters, offering him a smile set to be welcoming. "Hello, sir. Can I help you?"

Guy steps in carefully. He nods towards the receptionist, a winning smile about his lips as he does so. "Hello there. I'm Guy Neville. I called not long ago about a Mr. Smitz? George Smitz? I'd like to get in and see him if I can."

It takes her a second, before she nods. "Right! Right." She picks up a phone, and punches a few buttons. "Richie? Yeah. Could you come out here?" She hangs up the phone. A young man with curly hair comes out. "Richie, he'd like to see George Smitz. Could you take him?" "Sure." He turns to Guy, and gives a gesture. "Follow me. He's up stairs."

Richie leads the detective to an elevator. The layout of an office building is obvious, but the place has gone through some definet remodelling. Punching the button, the doors open, and Guy is taken to the second floor. Richie walks out and leads him down the hall, before turning back to wait.

_Yeah this was once an office building... well here we go._ Guy heads down the hall, following the social worker. "So where exactly is Mr. Smitz gonna be... Richie was it?"

Richie points. The room looks like a rec room. Tables with various things to do on them. There's a few men huddled around a table playing poker. "That's him," He says quietly, pointing to a balding man at a table with two other men, both wearing relatively clean, black shirts.

"Hello there," syas Guy as he steps into the rec room. "Mr. George Smitz?" He asks inquisitively, whiel extending a hand. "I'm Guy Neville... do ya have time for a few questions?"

George looks up. George looks thin. Just... thin and boney. His face looks like a hound's. Long and thin, and big wounded eyes. He looks to the men in black shirts. They look almost out of place in the center. Clean - but not business clean - yet like they've been doing something important. Were focused. One of them smiles, spreads his hands. George looks back to Guy, and shakes his hand. "Yeah... um, yeah, okay."

"Ah. Pleased t'meetcha Mr. Smitz... or would ya rather I called you George?" He goes and finds a place where the two can sit, someplace out of the way, if such a place can be found. <>Somethin's not quite right here. Those two guys don't really seem like they fit in around here... five'll get ya ten it's something fishy.

George follows behind, though not looking back much at the others. He settles down with Guy, into the far corner of the room, and watches the detective with some hesitation. "So um... you had questions?"

"Yeah. I'd heard that you saw what happened not long ago in the subway? They said you saw what happened to the Dew Chemical guy... Lucius Alexander?"

His eyes widen a little, and he starts fidgetting. Playing with the untucked front of his shirt. "No, no. Didn't see anything, no." The top of the table, the wall next to them, they've all become Very interesting to George.

"Uh-huh. So you didn't see anything, despite the fact that aside from him, you were the only one down there?" Guy looks a little disbelieving now. "I suppose it's possible... but you're actin' nervous. Although that's nothing suspicious in and of itself. You see I'm not out t'getcha here... I'm just trying to figure out what happened that night, on behalf of his daughter." _Hey... it worked before..._

George looks up, and then starts tugging at his shirt again. "Um..." He lets go of his shirt, merely squeezing his hands together. "Okay. Okay, I was trying to sleep, and he screamed, and then I..." He's staring at his hands now. "I ran way."

"Ah..." Guy relaxes a little, though he's still paying attention to George's everyword. A gance is spared to the room, to make sure no one's listening in, or getting ready to shoot up the place or anything... "You were tryin' to sleep, gotcha... and you ran? Why'd you run?"

George seems really uncomfortable. He looks up at Guy, and then down at the table, and up at Guy again. "I don't know..."

Guy nods, "Right. And my mother was a fish. C'mon, the truth shall set you free, y'know. Or, is there some reason yer lying?"

"Because... because..." George worries his lower lip. "You won't believe me."

"I'll believe you." Guy adds a bit of a chuckle, "Heck, given what I've heard and seen with my own eyes over the past week alone... I'm willing to hear you out... if you tell the truth."

George looks right, and left, very nervous. Then he leans forward, looking up at Guy. Saying very quietly, "A ghost."

"A ghost?" _This is new... though it fits in with the theme..._ "What kinda ghost was it you saw?" Guy ponders the fellow, realizing how nervous he must be if he has to whisper the part about the Ghost.

"It was... was a ghost? I don't know. It was fuzzy. Well, some of it was fuzzy. I couldn't see it all. It just... just **there**. And it pushed him over the edge. And it ... he was trapped in it. He was screaming and it was clear and it talked to him, and then... then I ran."

"It talked to him?" Guy shifts in his seat, just a little. _A lead? Perhaps..._ "What did it say?"

George licks his lips, and squinches up his face a little. "I... started running when I heard it, so I didn't hear that much, so um... I think... Rev Ant. I heard that." He nods.

Taking a wild guess, Guy attempts to connect the two words into something that makes a little more sense, given the sort of theme there. "Revenant?"

"Um... okay. Yes, okay." Guy can tell George is more trying to humor him then anything, because he's fidgiting more, but he doesn't seem to be making any of this up, from what Guy can tell.

"Didja hear anything else, I wonder?" Guy shrugs. _It was worth a shot. Seemed like it might fit. Or I've been reading too many stories lately._ The detective seems interested in what else the fellow has to say. "WHat happened after you took off running?"

"I went running down the stairs of the rail station, and then a guard stopped me and told me to hold still and I did, and then the police came and then I went with them. And then they kept asking me and asking me what I saw but I told them that I went for help when I saw him fall and they didn't believe me..." He lowers his voice. "But the police wouldn't believe ghosts, either. I was afraid they'd think **I** did it. Or I was crazy or something." His lips grow very thin. "I'm not crazy. Not crazy at all."

"I don't think you are." Guy shakes his head, "Sounds alot lke something that could be believable. What'd the guard who told you to hold still look like? Had you seen that guard before, or was the guard around after ya left?"

"I didn't see him before, no. But he was there after the police got there, and he talked to them, and they talked to me."

"Alright. WHat was his name? I don't suppose ya gotta look at that? I'm tryin' to put the pieces together here. Hmmm. Is there anything else you can tell me about what happened that night? I mean didn't it seem kinda odd to you that he was the only one down there at that time of night?"

George shrugs. "Didn't see. Nope." A shake of his head. "It was late. Before morning. Not a lot of people there, no."

"No one else that saw this ghost at least..." Guy nods. "What was he doin' before he was screaming, before you'd started to sleep?"

George bites his lip. "He threw a dollar at me and said to leave. And then went to stand near the tracks, and then the ghost got him..."

Guy asks, "Why'd he tell you to leave? And where'd the ghost show up from?"

"Because... I was sleeping there. Because it was raining and the guards don't come by and make you leave. And it um, it was just... not there. And then it was there." He shrugs.

"Huh. Strange..." _Well... not really. Teleporting's easy enough... but, this ghost thing's puzzling._ "It pushed him in, you say? Well, was there anything else the guy said? Or the ghost said?"

George shakes his head. "Uh uh. By then, I ran." He nods.

"Gotcha. Thanks for takin' the time to talk to me though." Guy nods, and stands up, offering to shake the man's hand once more. "If ya can think of anything else, lemme know."

George nods a little bit. "Thanks, yeah." He shakes Guy's hand a little, squeezing it before pulling away prematurely. His hands go into his pockets.

Guy's hands fish about his trnchcoat, looking for something, anything. "Ahhh... it's not much, but I've got a couple o' those free sandwich tickets after you guy five... thanks for helpin' out." The detective then turns to leave, nodding to Richie on his way out.

George looks at the tickets, and up at Guy, and waves. "Thank you!" He calls, and stuffs them into his pockets. Richie smiles at him, and wordlessly walks back to the elevator, leading Guy out of the building.

Guy then heads down to the Downtown PD. He gets in, though the clerk is new; apparently the familiar face is still healing up. A trip to the evidence room, before a VCR is scored. The tape does not enlighten much. There is no sound to it. The angle is bad; Alexander is in the far left corner. The camera spies George take off like an arrow as Alexander drops onto the track, before falling onto his knees. His hands are up, as if to hug the train - or on second thought, as if they were held there. Guy winces and looks away at the hit. Not pretty. Nothing much learned from the tape, though, sadly enough. The evidence clerk comes in, to retrieve the tape. "So, you working with the detectives on the case?"

"Yeah... I'm tryin' to. Though I've gotta say there's not much in the way of a lead here. Unless they've filed paperwork I haven't heard about..."

He nods his head. "Yeah. Donno if they're in right now. I can tell you where their office is though."

"Yeah that'd help. I wouldn't mind chattin' with 'em to see what they could've dug up." The Detective nods, and gets up from where he was. "Lead the way..."

"Allrighty." He leads Guy out of the evidence room, and down a hall, then another one. Knocking on a door, "Detectives? Detectives?" He frowns, and opens the door. "Oh. They're not here."

Guy snaps his fingers. "Just my luck. I wonder if you know where they're at?"

He shakes his head. "Uh... hold on." He calls out, "Charlie! Hey, Charlie." A guy pokes his head out of his door. "You know where Riggs and Lowery are?" "Uh, yeah. Scene of a murder."