Hamtamck is a quant little city within itself, once a polish community that the city swallowed within itself. The streets are quiet, quaint even. The dark promise that could be held within this little part of Millenium City seems to shatter the tranquility. A small house stands before the three of them - Tia, the moonlight glinting from her skin, the Ghost, pale skull shining in the moon that hangs above like a watchful, blind eye. And Carter, who's been rather subdued through the whole trip. There's a light on in the house, and the perceptions of one discern two people inside.

Thomas doesn't hesitate. He walks forward, approaching within five feet of the door, and as his gloved fist knocks empty air three times the door reverberates with the action. _A little showing off should keep Carter in line,_ reasons Tom to himself.

There's much stillness behind the door. To the percieving eye, someone is standing in front of the door. A woman's voice calls through the wood. "Who is it?"

**We are here to resolve a long-standing injustice,** says the Ghost Knight, his penetrant, soul-shadowing voice passing through the door. **We wish to speak to Bobby Thayland.**

Silence on the other side of the door. The body moves away from the door, further into the house, close to the other. It returns. "...What're you going to do?"

**We are going to speak to Bobby,** replies GK, calmly.

A stretch of inactivity, before the door unbolts. A woman who looks half afraid - especially with the dead Knight and a woman so gleaming she's ghostly just standing there. Her mouth opens, then closes, a hand nervously pushing back a string of loose brown hair from her darting eyes, before she steps back, and musters a "Come in."

Thomas walks forward, gesturing idly behind him at Carter to follow. **We are not a danger to Bobby,** he says curtly. **Unless, of course, Bobby tries to make himself a danger to us first. I trust that will not happen.**

Tia is about as expessive as she ever in, impassivly falling in stride with GK as we enter the house. She looks around cautiously.

The woman - Erin - nods quickly, a little too quick, even though it seems some of the tension releaves from her shoulders. She's wearing a terrycloth robe, looking like she recently was pulled out of bed. She waves towards the living room. "Um... have a seat?" She attempts, before pulling back into the hall. The room is nice, in a down home sort of way - a rug of waving blues offset the soft navy couch, with the darker blue lamps on the corner tables. On one, staring back at them, is the picture of a big man, his arm around Erin, and an elderly woman, all posing for a picture.

Thomas remains standing, though he gestures for the Dew executive to have a seat. He waits, somewhat curious to see how this situation will play out. Is it merely a super-human taking revenge? Or is one of the two other Mob victims finding justice from beyond the grave?

Tia fails to sit as well, taking up a position opposite the chair of the room, near the doorway that Erin entered.

Carter moves, to have a seat, and looking as uncomfortable as he likely has appeared in years. A few moments later, the quiet 'whrrr' of something electronical grows closer, before the wheel chair comes into view from the hall, powered by a straw apperatus. The man resembles the picture like a moth resembles a butterfly; that big frame has grown slack, muscles worn away by inactivity, leaving them as dead, wasting weight. Grey eyes stare out into the room, and for all it's contents, remain on Carter.

**Bobby.** The Ghost's voice is emotionless, hushed. **Do you know who the Revenant is? The one that has killed members of Dew's board?**

Momentarily, Bobby's eyes draw from Carter to the Ghost Knight, with a look that could only be bottled hatred. "_Do... you... know what... they... did?_" The voice is hissed from a voicebox over the man's throat, a rasping that fills the air with each pause.

**We know some of it,** GK replies. **Carter is here because of what we know. I ask again. Do you know who the Revenant is?**

Carter isn't exactly looking at Billy's face, as much as just At him. Trying every way in the world to avoid that heavy stare that befalls the Dew man. "_Then... you know ...why they... must pay..._"

**Then let justice be done. But there are better ways that justice may be served.** And with that the Ghost turns on Carter, eyesockets narrow in consideration. **Carter. Your estimated personal net worth, please.**

Carter looks up. "WHat? Oh... 90,000 dollars yearly." The words are mumbled. "_I... do not... want your... blood... money,_" The wheelchair draws closer towards Carter. "_I... want you... every... one of... you... to feel... You... will look... at Me._" The words are venomous even through the voicebox, Bob's nostrils flaring, deep breaths being drawn, as if he's trying to contain himself. It takes Carter several moments to meet the wheelchair bound man's gaze, and one known to look down his nose is now trying to sink back into the couch.

Tia looks impassivly onto the scene. She fails to feel pity, or wrongness, in any of it. People hurt other people.. It is in their natute. Whether it's physical or though economic means...

Thomas nods, unperturbed. He turns, now, to Tia, and speaks, with a screen of silence isolating the others in the room from his conversation. **To the observer. We require a catalog of superhumans exhibiting healing powers, or technologies that permit bodily regeneration. Expenses to be paid by Dew Chemicals' man Wilson Carter. Please advise ASAP.** And he turns, looking at everyone in the room in turn before returning his attention to the ex-foreman. **Bobby. Let us speak in private.**

Tia's expression doesn't change (Does it ever?) But she goes to work, placing a call into Lydon & Co. back at the base, such as it is, detailing our needs.

He doesn't respond. Not initially, because he seems intent on staring down Carter, and doing a good job of it. Then his eyes turn to the Ghost Knight, slow, almost threatening. The wheelchair is not the most easily adjustable thing to do, but it is turned around, and drawn towards the hall.

Erin, who seems to have been hiding in the hall, stands quietly beside her brother, waiting for the Knight.

Thomas walks patiently down the hall, following the man through the house and leaving Erin behind. He stops, finally, in a room off of the hallway, where the crowd is out of sight. With his sense of perception active, Tom flicks off the light, leaving little but ambient light to provide incertain sight. Removing his helmet, he - a young man, not a black-clad vigilante - looks at Bobby, and frowns. "Carter's going to pay for whatever metahuman or development of science that can restore you. My patron is cataloging the best possibilities right now. Carter's also going to jail. I want you to accept this, and I'll tell you why, if you'll listen," he says quietly.

Bobby just stares up at him, unmoved, almost unreacting. Then, "_Carter... is not... the only... responsible one... there ... are two... others I... spoke to... about... the dumps..._"

Thomas nods slowly. "It'll be taken care of. But, the killings have to stop. When someone dies... it's too late to save them. I am your ally, if you let me be." He pauses, waiting tensely.

He doesn't respond, not immediately. There's a heaviness to his words, a look part born of desperation, hatred, and sorrow. "_You... do not... understand... that when... your entire life... has been... taken from... you for so... long that ... you have ... nothing else... to think of... to want... to desire... then... I have been ... waiting so... long... I do not... know... if anything... is left..._"

Thomas pats his helmet and smiles softly, almost sadly. "Why do you think I wear this?" he asks in a hushed voice.

"_Because... then... what you do... does not... come back... to get... you when... you are defenseless..._" The words are almost bitter.

Thomas smiles. "You might be surprised," he says, but rises anyway. "We are not here to 'get' you. Nor is Carter here for any reason but to learn what will happen to him, to see first-hand why he will be punished." And donning the helmet again, the Ghost is all business. **Let us return. The Revenant must stop. What he does is no longer necessary.** He opens the door, then, leading the way slowly out to the gathered group. **Tia. Results?**

Tia glances over at GK, as he walks back into the room. "We have nothing yet." She Glances around the room obviously at Carter and Bobby... But says nothing else.

"_... Wait..._" Bobby calls to the Ghost Knight, as he lingers in the hall, as he wheels after the knight.

Thomas is about to establish coverage, but he pauses, turning to look at Bobby expectantly.

"_Dew... must... pay for... it's sins... for it... to stop. All. They... must... admit... all of... their illegal... backstabbings... They... will Suffer._" There's a smile on his face, one that would be happy if it wasn't so hateful.

Thomas inclines his head. **It will be seen to.** And with that he returns his attention to Tia, establishing a zone of silence to receive the information he requested.

Tia adds, as she's aware noone else can hear, "Lydon is apperantly away. A message has been given, inquiries continue."

Carter stands up from the couch. "What did he say?" He asks, almost nervous, but trying to regain a scrap of his dignity.

Thomas nods, satisfied. He then turns his attention to Carter. **Wilson Carter. You have three choices. First, you may provide us with whatever funds we require to repair the harm you and yours have wrought, and then be taken to trial. I will see to it that you serve a sentence befitting your actions. Second, you may choose to die now, in which case I will personally see to it that your legacy is put to a fitting use. Third, you may submit yourself to whatever ideas of justice Mr. Thayland has. As he has made his position clear, I think you would find a prison term and loss of your holdings less painful.**

Carter opens his mouth... and closes it, then opens it again, looking towards the wheelchair that eases into the room, then back to the skull headed vigilante. "I think that the sentence will be decided by judge and jury, not you."

**Whatever funds we require are not negotiable, Carter,** says GK, dangerously. **Whatever sentence beyond that a jury decides will be understood to be fair. I will not, however, permit bribes, threats against witnesses or jury intimidation to play a part. Do you understand?**

Carter swallows. "Very well." "_I... will... enjoy... visiting you ... in jail... Carter..._ " Bobby calls, a rumbling static that could be a laugh finishing the statement.

---

DarkGlow, or as close to DarkGlow as he can be while still being dressed in what passes for his 'civvies', seeths quietly, internal thermometer slowly but surely rising. The two detectives or whoever had been replaced by a nameless--and voiceless, as far as he could tell--uniformed cop. Jimmy wasn't doing much other than trying to not die--the machines hooked up to him were making more noise than he could. And yet his cell was still quiet, and he didn't _quite_ want to leave for fear of running into that Doctor-who's-probably-not-a-doctor, and there was still the matter of the man across the hall, also apparently watching Jimmy. _What the devil does he want, anyway? Sometimes I really hate public places... too ethically confining._ And so in silence he invisibly waits.

DarkGlow is waiting in the room, bored out of his mind. Nothing seems to happen... well, except for the curtained room beside Jimmy is drawn open. Someone in the orderly garm moves about inside, before something falls on the floor. Small, white, an envelope. It's carefully slid across the floor to settle under Jimmy's bed, before the gurney in the room is drawn out, and down the hall.

DarkGlow regards the small envelope for a minute. _Now, who would be passing poor Jimmy notes? Especially since he's gonna be in no shape to get out of bed to pick it up for a week or three--and the undoubtedly efficient janitorial staff will have picked it up for him long before that. And probably tossed it out, come to think of it. They probably toss discarded envelopes once holding get well wishes dozens of times daily. They might not realize that this one's not been opened yet and, oops, into a trash bag it goes. And wouldn't that just be a shame? Someone should really hold onto it, just for safekeeping._ Shadows gather under Jimmy's bed and, when the hall's momentarily clear, slides the white envelope across the neat white floor and under the privacy curtain, stopping at DarkGlow's feet. Quickly he bends to retrieve it. _I'm actually doing him a favour. He'll thank me later. And I should probably open it, come to think of it. What if it's important? Then I can tell the nurse to let him know as soon as he's conscious. But if it's not, it'll wait until he's feeling better. Just a quick peek then..._ A bit of shadow slices open the envelope, and he peers inside.

Something stops DarkGlow, however. As he cut it open, he had turned the envelope around, and written in simple letters, "To the Vigilent Watcher, and his Skull-Headed Friend."

DarkGlow grows still, the amused chatter of his thoughts quieting. There aren't enough shadows to teleport, and the plain words aren't openly threatening, but still DarkGlow aches to leave--and quickly. Even so, he forces himself to continue reading.

The paper inside is simple. Typed letters in a font that's cursive stretches across the paper. "Hello, DarkGlow. You don't know me. But I know you. I offer you a word that your team will use, soon enough. It won't mean anything to you right now, but you'll know when to use it. Treefall. You'll hear from me soon. And tell the Ghost Knight I don't like to be hung up on." Signed, "A friend."

DarkGlow resists the temptation to crumple the paper. _I have no friends. Not anymore._ Stiffly he replaces the paper into the envelope and tucks it into a pocket. _If **I'm** easier to deliver a message too that skullface, I'm **really** doing something wrong._ He shoots a dangerous look at he fellow across the way, his mind recording the details of the man's appearance. _Looks like you're a mystery for the future. Probably just a plainclothes cop, anyway. If you'll excuse me, I really need to be going._ With an old man's shuffle, he exits his hiding spot and slowly moves down the corridor.