Thursday. A comfortable day in Millenium City. Eleven Thirty. The sky is overcast in a slight greytone which leaves the city cloaked in a gentle grayscale, despite its' colorfulness otherwise. The city, as its' usual.

"Vana!" Becka opens up the door, throwing her backpack beside the door as she walks in. The girl combs fingers through her elusive hair; parted to nearly cover the left eye. "Vana?" Fingers push into her denim jacket, having it zipped up. Clucking her tongue, "I know you're here!"

A blonde head peeks from around the corner of the kitchen. "Yes, Becka.. I'm here," Vanessa replies, grinning brightly. "Welcome home... have fun?"

She walks towards the kitchen. "I hate half days." Heading over to peek around the corner, "What'cha upto?"

Vanessa ducks back into the kitchen and continues the conversation via yelling. It was the only sound that cuts through the mad clatter of pots and pans. "Cooking breakfast. Or brunch. Whatever.. hungry? As soon as I find the stupid frying pan."

"Yeah," She admits, and leans on the doorframe, clucking her tongue again. Damn, the piercing's still sort've sore... "Why don't we go down to Cheeseburger Cheeseburger?" Which is just off Reniassance Plaza, and in essence, is code for 'I want to go check out that guy at the Record store right beside it'.

"Because I thought we could have quality family time for once." The voice softens slightly as Vanessa realized her sister was in the same room as her, but the reluctance and thinly veiled irritation was evident. "Bec.. c'mon... just this once."

The younger girl smirks. "And we can't do that over a burger?" She leans forward, poking her sister in the arm. "C'mon. You hate doing dishes. And I hate doing them after you con me into it." She looks off a second, "We can do it for dinner?"

Becka adds, "I'll stay home tonight..."

Vanessa's reluctance crumbles in the face of such a tantellizing offer. No dishes.. and her sister home for the night. For once. "Oh alright. Family time over burgers.."

She grins. "Cool! I'll go change." Which, for Becka means something she can't wear to school.

"But.. you look fine," Vanessa groans in protest. "C'mon, Bec.. spare your sister just this once. Wear what you have on. Just this once.. don't embaress me.."

"Fine." Her eyes roll to the ceiling. She does atleast take the choker from her pocket, to situate about her neck, the silver star hanging from it. "Let's go. I get to drive?" She asks hopefully.

"You got it, toots," Vanessa reaches out to ruffle her sister's hair and thinks better of it. "Sorry.. you're .. ok. You ready? I'm ready. Let's hit the road.."

She mock glares, before taking hold of Vanessa's wrist, and lifting it to her head to ruffle. "Yeah, I'm cool. We're gone." She says, turning back towards the door.

Renaissance Plaza, 11:55 AM. It's a lively square; a small throng of people are gathering something. A platform has been assembled, a podium with a Yamaguchi Inc. symbol planted on its' front. Atleast one news van has arrived, setting up cameras. Not to mention the average venders, shoppers, and pedestrians.

Two shops from the Plaza itself, Thomas Temple walks into a cake shop.

Lydon appears to be a very well groomed and half-Japanese man in his mid-twenties, impeccibly dressed in a deep green semi-casual suit and power-tie. He is speaking quietly with what presumably are his support staff, PR people and the like. Outwardly he seems calm, and self-assured, but without any real arrogance. Occasionally his conversation is interrupted by a member of the press, who wants a word or a quick picture, which he seems to happily give. _Ah, the media... Can't live with 'em, can't do business without them. Damn I wish Abercrombie was here..._

DarkGlow leans up against a wall, arms folded and a sour expression on his face, throwing desultory glances into the crowd -- not that anyone notices, invisible as he is in the shadows. _Assist, huh? Only way I'm gonna assist anyone is up on that stage. Wonder if there's any shadows I can slide into...?_ He stands straight and scans the platform, hoping the lighting situation has changed. _There's Lydon, anyway... Wonder what's so great about him?_

On schedule, Tom rolls into the bakery, a cake already in mind. He's also intent on pursuing his investigations during the day - a home is easy to get into when its owner is away - and thus an unassuming black backpack is slung over one shoulder.

A man with a smart haircut stands before the Podium. "Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. We are here on behalf of Yamaguchi Incorporated. I would like to call your attention to the CEO of Yamaguchi Inc, Mr. Lydon Yamaguchi." There's some clapping, a television camera zooms in on the podium.

Vanessa and Becka walk into the square, the car parked in a garage a block down. "Wonder what's going on?" Becka asks, before starting toward the crowd.

"Some publicity stunt, most likely," Vanessa comments, shrugging slightly. "We wanna listen to what he has to say? Or make mocking comments about it instead?"

Sensing a suitable spot behind the stage, DarkGlow steps backwards and rematerializes there. A bit of quiet hunting around finds him a viewpoint where he can watch the crowd and still be close enough for a bit of quick protection work should an assassin suddenly appear.

"Let's take door number two," Becka says with a grin, mvoing closer.

The woman in the cakeshop smiles at Thomas. "Hi there!" She announces. "Can I help you?"

Thomas produces a scrap of paper with a flourish and presents it. "Got a to-go order," he explains, as his eyes rove around the merchandise.

Lydon steps up to the podium, smiling and waving for the press and other onlookers. _Time to turn on that old Yamaguchi charm._ He taps the microphone softly, then says with a slight grin, "This thing on?" Obviously it is and was, as his voice reverberates through the crowded square. He lets the last word hang in the air for a second then speaks, "Ladies and gentlemen of Millinium City, it isn't often that I feel that I can really give back a little of the good fortune that I have, and make it count. This is one of those rare opportunities." He makes a grand gesture to the vacant office building behind the podium...

She takes the paper. "Got that, be right back." She disappears into the back. The cakes are all fancy, and even a few other yummy looking materials; cookies about the size of a pizza, for the purposes of a cake, and other delicious yummies.

_Bit too public for my tastes,_ DarkGlow thinks, _but some morons actually **like** public kills..._ His gaze sharpens as he scans the surrounding buildings. _Gotta be sharp -- why'd they 'hire' me unless they knew someone was gonna try something?_

Becka leans over, muttering, "Likely a new country club."

"What is it about those corporate types that think a new office building is some sort of community beautification project?" Vanessa mutters back. "I think I might have preferred a country club.."

Lydon's voice becomes a bit louder to compensate for his head being turned away, "This empty building is about to be transformed, into what I feel is a unique way to help the less fortunate of our fine city." He turns back to the crowd, with a smile that looks surprisingly genuine, "The Toshiro Yamaguchu Memorial Shelter. Not just another homeless shelter, but a free clinic, rehabilitation center and educational facility. Designed to do more than just feed the homeless or give them a place to sleep." He leans over the podium, almost like a fervent minister, "This place will help the drug addicted and alchoholic overcome those ailments, offer free medical care to those in need, and educate many so that they can go out and become contributing members of society!"

DarkGlow blinks. _'Memorial Shelter'? Who'd want this dimwit dead? More importantly, who wants him alive?_

The woman behind the counter brings the cake, in a box. "Here y'go, Sir." She smiles. ". Allready payed for."

Vanessa blinks in surprise. "Well color me impressed. Especially if he actually goes through with it."

_And no security... Obviously he doesn't think he's in danger,_ DarkGlow thinks. _But my 'employers' do. Interesting..._

Thomas salutes smartly, snagging the box and performing a careful balancing act with it on the way out the door.

Lydon practically shouts the last, letting the words vibrate in the air and echo away slowly. Then after a long pause, continues almost quietly, "This project, I dedicate to my father, Toshiro Yamaguchi, who always believed that it was most important for a person to give back to their community and help those in need." _Hope I make you proud, papsan._ He smiles again more softly, then simply says, "I'll take a few questions from the press now."

Something else speaks up for Lydon: The sound of metal on metal, a fierce, ugly screech fills the air.

Outside, Tom begins to clearly hear the presentation. Curious, he works his way in the direction of the crowd, all the while figuring up his schedule for drop-off of the cake.

People cover their ears, at the noise, others turn, and gasps ensue. Across the plaza is the FoxMecha Tech corporation. Their building is an iron-reinforced glass front. However, standing in the glass foyer is an enormous machine, sparks flying from the steel beams, before they sag, the wall bursting as it walks through the wall, shattering glass and bending bars with it. Nearly fifteen feet high, colored in reflective black touched with gunmetal. The thing looks like an enormous figure eight; a spherical ball on the bottom has four spider-like legs sprouting from it, each the girth of a steel girder. The upper sphere has three arms spaced around it, each looking like a gattlin gun; pods and racks circle each weapon, At the moment, each arm is leaning vertically against the spherical upper half, almost folded. Hemispherical 'bubbles' dot the thing's body in regular intervals.

Thomas gawks for a moment, then collects himself - he deposits the cake carefully near the door of the bakery, then begins glancing around, wary of observers..

Becka squeaks. "Shit! Let's get out of here!" Which is about what fourty other people seem to think at the same time.

It begins to walk toward the stage, much to people's horror. "Target sighted. End all criminal activity, by count of three." The upper shere swivels, to allow two of the guns to come down, facing the audiance, while the other drifts up from over the sphere.

"One."

Lydon simply blinks at the thing across the plaza, seeming to be completely taken offguard by this turn of events, _No, no, no... Not happening... Not today... Shit._

The machine's appearance is practically a relief. _Least it's something obvoius! I hate hidden sniper crap..._ DarkGlow gathers shadow and fires it at the thing, hoping to at least entangle its legs. Without waiting to see the result, he slides to the shadow by the podium and manhandles Lydon behind him.

The camera crew turns full tilter toward the mechanism. "We're here in Renaissance Plaza where a giant... thing has just burst through the FoxMecha wall!"

"Stay behind me -- unless you feel like dying today, of course..." DarkGlow tells Lydon. His tone is coldly ironic.

Vanessa pushes her sister behind her, slowly retreating backwards with her as well. "Go.. run..Beck.. I'll be right behind you. Don't look back." She, of course, wasn't going anywhere.

Becka nods, and starts running, along with everyone else. The android moves towards the podium, before nearby shadows reach out, grappling with it. "Two." It tugs at the shadows, before small doors open on its' sides, extending, as they extend into saws, which promptly assault the gripping trap.

Lydon being that he is apparently just mere suited corp, reacts with surprise, but having dealt with security telling him to 'hit the dirt' in days past, offers no immediate resistance to DarkGlow assuming he is security personnel doing his job.

The sawblades eat through the shadow with ease, before the mecha pulls from it. "Three." The body swivels to allow a singular gun to extend, before a greenish, vile gas expells from the gun, moving over the crowd to encompass the platform.

_Metal and gas and saws, oh my... Kinda wishing I was playing for the other team right about now._ DarkGlow thinks bitterly. _Right then. How about this...>_ Wrapping a thin layer of shadow around himself, he sends another bolt at the machine, trying to push it away -- or at least knock it down.

DarkGlow's assault smacks into the thing, the sound of earth being grinded greets the ears of coughing, choking, running people. The mecha's legs drag furrows in the ground as it is driven back a good twelve feet, swaying slightly, before arms swivel around to counterbalance it. However, the shadow manipulater doesn't get to see his success; he's dealing with a cloud full of tear gas.

The boy with the backpack is nowhere to be seen. In a nearby sewer-access pipe, a black-clad figure whose grinning skull serves as a face is extending a peculiar sense upwards..

Lydon gags and wheezes, staggering backwards, coughing and covering his eyes as tears start to stream down his face blinding him. _Got to get away from here and activate the armor before someone gets killed._

Vanessa ducks to the side out of the way of the screaming crowd. Murmuring softly, she waves a hand and then.. becomes little more than a haze. To those that might be paying attention. Considering the hysteria, not many would be. Hopefully.

Lydon seems to stumble deeper into the gas, trying to put as much distance between himself and anyone else as possible. Then he bares his wrist and presses a sequence of buttons on his wristwatch. An odd shimmer surrounds his body and armoured plates rapidly fall into place around him, seeming to almost grow from the wristwatch and across his body, the effect spreading until the battlesuit is fully around him. Finally, metallic wings seem to simply sprout from the back of the armor and unfurl.

"Vision obscured. Transition to Infra-red perspection, now." It begins to stomp into the gas, weapons clinking forward.

Shadows shove the gas aside as DarkGlow hears the gut-wrenching sound of another machine behind him. _Oh, shit...!_ He spins, thickening his shadow armour for the unexpected assault. Still blinking gas out of his eyes, he prepares to cut at the first thing he can make out....

Tengu braces itself against the ground, with a slight rippling in the air and the faint hum of anti-gravitic generators. The large wings of the suit begin to flap, with long sweeping motions that start to disperse the gas around itself, and anyone nearby on the platform.

By the looks of it, some people didn't get out of the gas in time for it to inhabilitate them, a few are gagging, retching, or unconcious on the ground.

A black figure rises through the ground - all unmoved by its passage - and stands. Where its head should be is a white skull, grinning mirthlessly.

Arms hung loosely at her sides, Vanessa murmurs a few words under her breath. And then she gestures towards the cloud of gas, summoning a strong wind from seemingly out of nowhere.

Vanessa's wind summons forth, whipping across the field, and clearing a good twenty feet, cleaving into the side of the amorphous cloud. She can see the robot's side as it moves through the fog.

Tengu launches itself off of the platform, gaining speed as it flies low to the ground, closing with the mecha. The battlesuit is silent, save for the whistle of air on its wings and the faint everpresent hum of the gravitic reactor. As it nears the mecha, a hand extends, fingers curled into wicked looking claws that start to give off a high-pitched whine. As Tengu soars past the mecha, he gives a swipe with one of these claws but misses, the rockets skyward with the excess velocity. _Damn! Hopefully I at least got its attention focused on me, and not the folks on the ground._

As if to answer Lydon's mental request, the gun arching over the robot's 'back' tilts towards him, the weapon starting to vibrate as air is drawn in. A firm 'Twuck!' fills the air, as a distorted concentration of air blasts towards Tengu.

DarkGlow scrubs away the tears with a sleeve and sees... _Nothing? Then what was...? Wait--where's what's-his-face? Crap... Well, guess I'll take out the mech and just hope he doesn't break his neck fleeing..._ There's a shadow free of gas on the robot's flank--the shadows surrounding DarkGlow erase him from view and he slides there, ready to finally do some damage....

Tengu is broadsided by the weapon blast, as he passes by the mecha and starts to pull up. The concussive force actually shatters the armor where it hits and sends the armor spiraling out of control, its occupant apparently stunned or unconsious as the suit suddenly takes on the aerodynamics of a ragdoll. With a tremendous impact Tengu slams into an empty kiosk, utterly destroying it and being buried under debris as it collapses on top of his unmoving body.

The skull leers; a black-clad hand reaches out and twists; waves ripple away from the figure standing insolently in the center of the area. And all around the combat robot, rivets and connectors can be heard popping free as the thing's armor begins to shed itself.

As line of sight opens up to the side of the metal .. thing, Vanessa's hand comes up, fingers pointed at the and sending a surge of energy out of her fingertips.

Vanessa's blast arcs in, and hits it broadside. Electric sparks can be seen erupting from the inner matrix of the moving tank, while it briefly goes into convultions, sagging slightly.

Nearby, a camera crew has made it from the gas, and a lone cameraman is recording. Sirens can be heard.

With a terrible smile, from his hand DarkGlow extends a shadow narrowed almost to a null-width line and slashes across the machine's carapace.

Into the mechanism's smiling depths the blade goes, scraping into computer chips and wires. He's greeted with a horrid stench of the thing's innards. However, the robot leaps backwards, nearly twenty feet with those girders for legs. One of the guns points' towards the haze that is Vanessa, a dark green shield of energy emiting from the gun's center, pointed at her. Another swerves toward the grinning skull, and a spinning diskis hurtles towards him. It breaks into three pieces, while still turning, a cord glinting in the light on its' way.

A brace of chairs jitters; a heartbeat later, with the black figure's outstretched hand guiding them, they swing through the air and crash into the spinning death making its way for his head.

The chairs knock the bolas off tilter, sending them sailing along the sidewalk. They wrap about a trashcan, pulling it from the street, exposing the fire hydrant it was hiding. Sparks fly from the trashcan as electricity erupts from the cables wrapped about it.

DarkGlow's lips twist. "Not that easy, machine..." he mutters, sliding through shadow to again come out beside the mech. "Time to die!" he tells it, and rips again at it again with his shade blade.

The mecha moves forward, dodging the attack this time. As if in response, one of the guns closest to DarkGlow tilts towards him, before firing downward. It looks at first like a missile, before fragmenting to expose a wire-mesh net.

Backpeddling quickly, DarkGlow rolls out of the way of the net which strikes the ground, sparks flying from its' wires. While holding the shield upward and facing Vanessa, the thing moves towards the woman, as the gas starts to disperse due to the air.

"Target sighted. Armed with electrical discharge. Eliminate."

_Shit! It sees me?_ DarkGlow thinks. _Time to move!_

Wow! That worked better than Vanessa anticipated and, she gives a soft, yet triumphant, cheer. Until she sees the thing is still moving. Towards her. Ummm.. she runs over towards something, anything (or anyone) that will provide her cover. The grinning skill guy would work, she thinks, ducking behind him only to peek from around him, her hand flung out to send another volley of energy at her attacker.

The bolt of lightning arcs in, but the force shield which had been pointed at Vanessa followed her. The bolt slams into it, but due to its' nature, arches over the shield, and hits the weapons' arm. It jerks and twitches, smoke rising from the weapon, but it doesn't look as phased as before.

"Immobilize potential threat, eliminate full threat." The machine swivels, aiming one of the guns back at DarkGlow. Instead of firing at him, it points at the ground. The shells covering its' weapon arm twist and click, one being drawn inward, before firing. The oval shell bounces, before falling at at an arc down upon him.

The oval falls down before exploding in an enormous patch of some sticky, orangish liquid. Glue. It holds him fast, not to mention a few feet around him.

Bystandards, while wary, can now be spotted in windows and on walkways, peeking around corners. The cameraman is vigilantly filming, having taken bunker behind the stage now.

DarkGlow's expression is surprised. _Glue? Gonna have to bill my 'employers' for laundry expenses..._ Ignoring the sticky liquid, DarkGlow slides back behind the stage, and once more tries wrapping the mech in shadow.

As DarkGlow becomes visible behind the stage, the Camera-man blinks. "Oh fuck no..." He then makes a bee line elsewhere, while never taking the camera off the robot. Shadows consume its' arms and motorized legs, but once more it cleaves through them, its' 'torso' spinning to free itself, before attacking the shadowstuff at upon the legs.

"Hit it again. Keep it up," a soft voice directs at the girl - unnatural, given the animated skull and imposing mein of the figure before her. In the meantime, his arms stretch out like a symphony conductor, and objects - manhole covers, chairs, discarded struts and chunks of ground torn up by the destruction - stir on the ground, awaiting his need.

"OK.. you keep me from dying, I'll make it a walking lightning rod," Vanessa replies, studiously ignoring the talking skull. Best not to think about that yet. She gestures with her hand again, flinging more bolts out at the approaching mecha.

The Mecha this time moves out of the way, raising the shield up. The lightning rebounds off of it, and skipping across the nearby fire-hydrant, sending blue throngs everywhere, blazing upon the moisture left on the cold metal.

DarkGlow glimpses a pair of figures on the other side of the mech. _So you're the assitance._ he thinks. _Woo bloody hoo. How about I hold the thing and you beat on it? Sound good?_ Wrapping a wisp of shadow around himself, he once more attempts to entange the machine.

Once more the shadowstuff is blazed through. If a machine could show some form of frustration, it does, stomping its' foot. One gun points deadset back at DarkGlow.

Inspired by the light-show earlier, the skull-headed figure's hand stretches out and makes a wrenching motion. Nearby, a fire hydrant is rended from its foundations. Water streams forth unchecked, and another gesture follows, this one guiding the torrent towards the automatic tank.

The forceful stream of water hits the figure eight squarely, and knocks it back a dozen feet, sending sparks and knocking it into a roll. Both spheres begin to twist, one spinning counter, the other clockwise. The guns begin to go off as one, all into the ground, glue sticking it clean to the ground. As the thing tries to spin, the glue holds it fast. The water frying circuits steadily blows; the glue holds fast, and the lower half simply tears itself off, spinning into the window of a nearby building.

Several men in lab coats feel its' safe enough to venture out of FoxMecha Tech. "Holy Mother of God!"

Sirens get closer.

The being turns to face Vanessa; the skull draws back in a smile, and the empty black sockets narrow in consideration. **You did it**, the figure comments in a cold, ethereal voice. **Congratulations.**

"The CAT's destroyed!" One of them wails, rushing toward the downed Robot, while two of them just surveys the area.

DarkGlow cocks his head at the sirens and re-cloaks himself. He slides through shadow and emerges near his 'fellow combatants'. He frowns--that phrase feels odd in his head. "So," he says, dropping his cloak. "It'd dead. The day is saved. Now, who exactly hired you?"

One sighs, and walks back into the building, the other muttering, "Y'know, that is a really stupid acronym."

Vanessa smiles faintly, glancing first at the skull as it smiles at her and then looks away. That was just disconcerting, man. "Umm.. I helped. You were the one who.. uhh.. killed it. With the water.. and, shouldn't we be going? With the sirens.. and the police heading this way.. " And the little sister waiting for her at home.

**I am checking on the fourth,** the Ghost remarks absently, skull nodding upwards in Tengu's direction. **None paid me.** Black gaps study Darkglow carefully. **If there is no profit in rescuing the injured, I suggest you leave before the police arrive.**