Club Incubus is nestled in the Theater District, not far from the Horizon Casion. The building looks like a two story gothic cathedral, complete with perched gargoyles and high arches with tinted glass. Above the door, in a cursive style in red neon lights is _Incubus_. A line runs past the front of the building, filled with a mix of teenagers, college students, and a few older folks still struggling to hang on. All in a variety of dress - or lack thereof, all suited for clubgoing.

In a distant apartment, DarkGlow stands over his bed, eyeing his pillows consideringly. _I note that I've not gotten under the covers. For some reason this worries me._ With a grumble of discontent, he turns away and stares into a candle flame. _Look, my phantom friend, if you don't do something, tell me anything, I'm just not gonna go. That's it._ He's repeated this litancy a dozen times since arriving back at his apartment, resolute as stone not to go to the club as he'd been told to. Unfortunately, a burning curiosity had softened said rock to something closer to jello, and even to himself the threats he muttered in his head sounded at best half-hearted. _Crap. Fine then. I don't believe me, either. I guess I'll just go. Don't suppose you've got any hints as to what I should wear...?_

DarkGlow silently observes the clientelle going into the Incubus Club from across the street, rapidly realizing that worrying about his dress is rather pointless. He doffs his cloak, mostly because it'd probably get caught or ripped or something, rather than to actually fit in better. In his black leather tunic and pants and gloves, then, he steels himself and heads to the entrance.

The inside of the nightspot is definitely shadowed, offering DarkGlow his own back door. The first floor is merely seats and chairs on either side of an open floor that leads down into the basement proper. A huge, black dancefloor segmented into squares, with lights flickering between each square. The ceiling bubbles downwards in a circle of black glass, mirrors, and lights. Lazer strobes rake across the ground as heavy techno music pumps from speakers loud enough to drown out thought itself. The dance proper is flanked by two bars, staffed by two tenders alike. The place is full for a weeknight; a poster outside declared Raven's Wing, an Emo Band to be playing tonight. As DarkGlow mills about inside, nothing extrordinary happens, and it dawns on him: the cloak was marked. He sinks out of sight, and returns inside, cloak wrapped tight around himself.

A few people give DarkGlow interested looks - the cloak is well suited in this place of black clothing mishmashed between pseudo raver gear. But it isn't more then two minutes before a guy slips through the croud. He's dressed as loud as he can be in oranges, whites and limes, things that set off the black lights like a siren. He flips up his purple shades. "Hey man; you come knockin'?"

DarkGlow shrugs carelessly. "Knockin'. Yeah, sure I did."

He smiles; talking is a little difficult over the loud spakers. He gives a jerk of his head towards the stairs, leading DarkGlow up, then off to the side. Pulling a curtain back and baring an Employee's only door, the neon-bedecked guide leads DarkGlow into a nondescript hallway, assailed with muffled music. "Hi. My name's Ed," He says, hands in his pockets, "But people call me Eerie."

DarkGlow nods amiably. "Think I'd prefer Eerie, too. Call me Dan. No fancy nick for me, I'm afraid."

Eerie grins lazily, and starts down the hall. "You're not here because you want to be. Somebody sent you; you don't like this place, or the noise, or the dancing or music. You'd rather be somewhere else, quieter, alone. You like practicality, all business." Eerie pushes through a door, where a woman in an almost stereotypical Gypsy outfit is seated at a desk.

DarkGlow chuckles appreciatively. "Practicality has its place, but sometimes I... cut loose now and then." He regards the Gypsy. "And all that before the crystal ball? Impressive." His tone is lightly mocking, as if sharing an inside joke, rather than rudely sarcastic.

Not phased, the woman slides out of her chair. "Ah! You, you have come seeking answers." Her accent is pure Romanian. "You have-" "Margret," Eerie says, though the woman continues, "You seek wisdom that you d-" "Margret," Comes Eerie's lazy tone again, "Yo-" "Margret, he's marked." The gypsy blinks. "Oh, so he's actual important business?" Her voice having changed to pure New York. "Yeah." Wordlessly she opens the door behind her, "Mr Soaring Peak will see you."

DarkGlow absently scratches a cheek. _Flying people, teleportation, mysterious ray beams, prying inside people's brains; what's a little fortune telling compared to those? I do believe the burden of proof--or disproof, I guess--rests with me, not them. Pity._ He sighs and says, "Thank you." He moves toward the door.

Up some stairs, and the pair enter what looks like an observation deck. The half-sphere in the center of the dance floor appears to like a one-way window onto the dance floor. But below, all the people below are almost blurred shapes milling about. Three people are seated in chairs peering down below: a young Native American who looks fit for corporate America in his suit, a fat man looking right at home drinking a beer in his casual cloths, and a woman who looks more suitable for baking cookies at home.

"Considering I wasn't expecting anything," DarkGlow comments, "I think this is pretty much what I was expecting. Or something. Do I have to do anything in particular?"

The fat man waves over to the two, standing up. "Hey there. Nope," He concedes, beckoning the pair over. "Just tell us what the problem is. I got an idea from Vanessa, but," He shrugs. As DarkGlow begins to explain, the Native American takes a few things from a bag, and circling DarkGlow while dragging some musky-smelling powder across the floor in a circle around the cloaked one. Eerie drops into a lounge chair. Even while the woman's eyes are on DarkGlow, it doesn't seem as though she's looking at him. "Hmm," Says the fat man, who had introduced himself as Tobias. "Sounds like a perplexing situation. Scary, too." With that, he hoists to his feet, and joins Soaring Peak in a circling pace around DarkGlow, the pair chanting something almost singsong, low but rhythmic. Soaring Peak gains strenght in his voice, while Tobias speeds up, then the two wind down.

Curiosity keeps DarkGlow's usual ill-grace from wagging his tongue as the ceremony--_Or whatever the hell that was..._\--ends. Silent, he waits for them to speak first.

"Do you see anything?" Tobias asks the woman. Her reply is in pure cajun drawl. "No floaters, no traces of power, no nothin'." The fat man and the Native share a long look, before the three form somewhat of a huddle to discuss the situation. Though it's quiet, at least two languages are swapped around, Soaring Peak looking frustrated and just a little nervous, but still sharp as a hawk whlie watching DarkGlow. At one point, Eerie is gestured over, who shares some insight, before dropping back down. Finally, they break, Tobias shaking his head.

DarkGlow can't help but chuckle at the obvious confusion and distress. "Yep, that's pretty much it in a nutshell. See why life's been so interesting lately? So, anything you can do to help?"

"There's something," says Tobias. "It's not any sort of hex or spell, nothing in the Astral that's stalking you. But we can _feel_, it's not quite a presence, but... a trace. You could say it could be like radiation; there's no ghost, but there's something hitting our spiritual giger counter, and it's a part of you. You're black, my friend; you seem to have done some bad things, and that can attract some bad things out there, but none are Around you, so obviously it must be in you. So this could be a psychological problem, or you could be possessed, to an extent."

"That follows," DarkGlow responds simply, nodding.

"Right. Fortunatley we have information on how to do an exercism, or ways to keep out those influences, because we have to occasionally deal with DEMON or something worse. But we don't have the materials on hand. So you could come back for more, or well, try to clense yourself, resolve some of the bad karmic baggage you got, and see a therapist." Tobias extracts from his pocket a business card. "You can reach us here, if you want us to try and help."

DarkGlow takes the card. "If I'm working on the karma thing, but semi-involuntarily, do you think it helps?" _And the winner for stupidest question goes to..._

The woman laughs, while Tobias just shakes his head. "Not exactly. It's like stopping a bank robber by accidently hitting him with your car; it's bad luck for him, but you didn't do it intentionally, so you can't exactly be credited for it. It's got to be something you chose."

DarkGlow nods again. "Figured so." _Moron. Even you coulda figured that one out._ "Thanks for your help. Can't say if I'll be touch again, but..." He shrugs, a gloomy and depressed gesture. "Thank you," he finishes, awkwardly. He turns, and leaves them to their thoughts.

Eerie follows quickly behind Darkglow. "Hey man," He adds, coming up short in the stairwell. He frowns. "I hate do this but um... Okay, Beware your other shadow," His forefinger makes a sharp, downward plunge. "Because when you cross paths, wakeless sleeper will open his eyes."

After a moment, Eerie drops his hands. "Sorry man. I don't intentionally do the cryptic shit but, that's how it comes to me."

DarkGlow narrows his eyes at the other's hand motion. "Nah, not so cryptic. Well, except for the wakeless sleeper part, anyway. Thanks."

Eerie offers a goofy, almost apologetic smile. "Pretty eerie, huh?" With a shrug, he trudges back up the stairs.

DarkGlow looks after the other's retreating back. _Seems something really wants to belabour the point of your imminent arrival, NightStar. You know, if you'd just hurry up a bit more, maybe I won't have to work through all this crap. And wouldn't that be nice, eh?_ With a crooked, if hopeless, grin, DarkGlow disappears into the shadows and, a moment later, draws a deep, steadying breath of the cool night air. Unsurprisingly, it calms him not a bit.

---

And neither does a couple of hours of meditation at his apartment. Disgruntled, DarkGlow heads to the warehouse. _Voluntary, huh? I can do that. I think. Maybe._ "Anyone home?" he calls, appearing inside.

Ming is at the warehouse, though she's rather busy. When Dark Glow shows up he finds her lifting weights, making use of the place for a change. Oddly enough, when the professor isn't wearing her usual outfits or her strange Clarity costume, she actually makes for quite the appealing figure of a woman. In this case, she's wearing the comic book version of a super hero's outfit, a suit of spandex that doesn't offer much protection against anything, except being ignored. "I'm here," she calls out, setting down a pair of dumbells and turning to take a look at Dark Glow.

Shawntae walks in, equipped with backpack. "I'm heading home. I've been spending so much time here I'm forgetting my sisters."

DarkGlow manfully resists sighing at Ming's presence, or saying anything as purile as "Of course you are.". Instead he nods in his best agreeable manner and notes, "Working out is good. Might save your life sometime." He glances over the equipment, seemingly oblivious to Ming's figure or current dress.

Ming nods to Shawntae, "Well, try to have fun out there in the dangerous real world." Which is looking more and more like a comic book all the time. To Dark Glow Ming nods, "It might. In this case though, I'm just trying to feel better. Working out helps improve my mood." In which case she'll probably have to work out even more, now that Dark Glow showed up.

**How did the session go?** The voice comes from overhead; the Ghost Knight is present as well, kneeling in the lotus position. That he is upside down, squatting on the ceiling, is the only unusual aspect of his pose.

DarkGlow shrugs. "I'm radioactive, or something. Nothing a good cry and a hefty dose of laxitive won't fix." The light words are belied by a more serious tone, one which indicates that he doesn't really wish to discuss the evening.

"Well then," says Guy, who sort of blinks in out of nowhere, "It seems like we'd best go to the pharmacy, I'm sure we can find some kind of anti-radiation ex-lax. Maybe it'd be like Rad-Lax-Away...."

"Can you ever stop acting like a clown?" mutters Ming, the words clearly meant for Guy. She just sighs and sits down, towelling the sweat from her forehead and then laying back over the bench to get back to work.

Guy says, "Acting?"

Thomas breaks his pose, dropping from the ceiling and landing easily in a crouch nearby. **It seems you received unpleasant news. Very well. The less honest you are about the information you pass on, the less helpful we can be, but that is your decision.**

DarkGlow smiles wanly at Guy's joking. "Got a prescription in my pocket already," he says, patting the business card. He pauses, not having meant to say even that much, then decides to finish. "Just don't know if I'll go get it filled."

Guy says, "Well it's kinda helpful to get it filled. After all, we want you to stay a regular member of the team."

DarkGlow says, "There are some things that were suggested I try out myself first."

"Suit your.." Ming pushes the weights up, then as she brings them down, "self. We'll just.." and another rep, "wait for you to figure out.." and another, "that you can trust us."

Guy says, "Well whatever keeps you goin' with the flow. If you need help, by all means let us know."

Guy says, "Things are rather lax around here in the meantime..."

DarkGlow scowls and walks over to Ming. Staring down at her, he takes and easily holds the weight she's lifting imobilized above her. "Trust? That has nothing to do with this. You don't want my help to lift this, despite the fact that I can lift quite a bit more than this for you. You're doing it so _you_ get stong. Maybe you can figure out my little problems in two shakes of a stick, but working through them myself helps _me_, strengthens _me_." He releases the bar slowly, letting her again take the weight.

**Just as Ming could not hope to lift 500 pounds,** observes the Ghost softly, **some weights are too much. I rely on your judgement as to when to ask for aid in lifting them, and when to handle it on your own.**

Guy considers DarkGlow's words, carefully. "Well that's true. I mean I suppose it makes sense to have you go off to settle things by yourself, but if it's a bit much to deal with, well we'll help you out. After all, you wouldn't want to get backed up... by a heavy workload and these problems."

DarkGlow glances sideways at the others. "I'll not lie and say I'm not sweating. On the other hand, I've also not broken anything." _Yet. Would life be easier or harder with a broken thinker?_

Ming just sighs and takes the weight back, just not with her hands. She crosses her arms and sends the weights back over to the rack, setting them down easily. She doesn't bother responding, but sits up and throws her towel back in her bag. She sits herself down on the floor and stays quiet.

Guy says, "Well whatever flushes best with your plans, DG..."

**As you wish,** comments GK. **Until then, if you are inclined to assist me, and continue testing your limits, I have a request.**

"Oh?" DarkGlow replies, non-commitally, doing his best to ignore Guy's cracks. _I know my limits; what makes you think I want_ you _to know them?_

A gloved finger gestures at one of the hand-held weights near Ming, and the weight flings itself through the air quickly, a dangerous missile were it not under the Ghost's control. It settles down onto the floor a few feet away from the shadowmaker. **I have seen you become invisible. Turn the weight invisible, instead. Can it be done?**

Guy hmmm. "I have a request as well... be careful while testing your limits. We don't want you ending up in the bowels of some nether dimension."

DarkGlow is powerless to resist smirking at Guy. With difficulty he answers GhostKnight, "I can cover it in shadow, but that's not really how the invisibility works."

**And do you understand how the invisibility works?** asks the Ghost, curiously. **I do not need a dissertation, but I am curious to what depth you comprehend your abilities.**

DarkGlow tilts his head at GhostKnight. "Here," he offers. "It's like this." Shadows creep up on GhostKnight, like a miniature of his shadow webs, this time cut into something like a blindfold. _He can see through walls or what-have-you, but I wonder if he actually uses he eyes?_ "Guess who?" he asks unnecessarily. "Can't see me, right? Now do your sinking into the floor trick and pop back up. Shadow doesn't exists within solid objects, and if it was just a shadow blinding you, when you came back, if I didn't re-wrap your head, you'd be able to see again. Go on, try it."

Ming just stays in her own little world, having nothing to offer anymore. It's safer that way. She'll zip up her bag and debate using her illusions to help her sneak away in a manner that will keep anyone from even noticing.

The Ghost is motionless for a few seconds, then descends through the floor as requested. He emerges moments later.

"See?" DarkGlow asks. "Still blinded, right?" He waves away the shadows. "You couldn't see not because there were shadows covering your eyes, but because your eyes were enshadowed. Understand? Invisibility is the same way. It has more to do with enshadowing people's minds than covering myself in shadow." He glances at where Ming was last, half expecting her to chime in at the mention of minds.

**If it is a matter of peoples' perception, can you be caught on camera?** asks the Ghost.

DarkGlow snorts. "Ask Lydon and his damn IR cameras. Uh... no."

**Then it would seem to follow that what you do is of a physical, rather than psychological, nature,** observes GK. **This can be confirmed by experiment. It may be an important point, in the future.**

Ming isn't going to say anything, and she looks a bit frustrated, for some reason. Probably because of certain limits that prevent her from sneaking out of this mess. She just sighs again, debating with herself for a bit.

Guy consoles Ming. Or at least he remarks to her, "You know, I think that it might be best if we were to... butt...out."

DarkGlow shakes his head slowly. _What the...? I enshadow... me, not other's... What am I thinking? I bend the light around me, wrap myself in shadow and no one sees me. Cameras don't see me, unless they're IR or something. They have no mind to enshadow._ He breaks the lengthening silence. "Sorry, I don't ususally say this stuff aloud." _Which isn't it at all. The other DarkGlow, she was the one who started talking about minds. What do I care about what's in other's heads?_ He coils shadow experimentally.

**I understand my powers clearly,** says the Ghost, patiently. **It is no secret to you or anyone else here - command of physical matter, that which is not in contact with anything alive. However, I have recently concluded that we are much more capable when our respective abilities operate in concert. May I demonstrate?**

"Cameras don't see me," DarkGlow finishes finally. "You saw me practicing with the IR cameras. I think I've got them beat now, too. It's also a matter of manipulating actual shadow, too, of course. Not just mind tricks." _Or at all? No, I think maybe that's a part of it, after all._ He again shakes his head, thinking hard. "What? Oh, sure. Go ahead," he replies to the other's query, but his mind is elsewhere.

Guy snickers, "Or we could just see where the conversation bottoms out."

Thomas gestures, and a collection of blocks rise from their resting place in a corner, and arrange themselves as crude stairs, unsupported and floating in air. **If you stepped on them now, my power would be dispelled by your presence, and they would crash to the ground,** explains GK. **However.. Mr. Neville, please freeze them in place, as you demonstrated earlier.**

Ming hmms at Guy. "You have something in mind? Or are you just being a clown again?" Oh well, she was in a good mood. This just isn't going to be her day.

"Butt of course..." Guy reaches out, as asked, watching the bricks fall. _No, I don't think you'll be falling today, at least not right now..._ Sure enough, the bricks hang in the air, frozen in time, and for the moment, space. "No movement from them... now what?"

Thomas doesn't waste time; he ascends the floating steps, then hops off quickly. **I lost control over them the minute Guy asserted his own power over them; but as a consequence, we can accomplish much together that we could not separately. The ability to render ourselves unseen, as a group, or to conceal other objects, or - as you demonstrated - to blind someone, would be immensely valuable if used together.**

DarkGlow gesures impatiently. "Feh. Blind someone? Why bother? Wrapping them in shadow or just hitting them is much more effective."

**Except when it's not,** counters the Ghost. **There are beings, or machines - as you learned - that can easily shrug off your binding attempts, or ignore a simple bludgeoning. It is much easier to defeat an enemy who cannot defend himself from your attacks; a simple truth.**

Guy considers Ming, "So uh... you're being unusually quiet... any particular reason?"

Ming shrugs at Guy, "Nothing really, I guess." She simply has nothing worth saying, it seems. "A lot of the time it's far better to say nothing than to speak. Besides, it's not like anything I say of late has been worth the wasted air."

DarkGlow blinks, caught by the logic. "Hmm.." _I prefer puncturing to bludgeoning, but I must say I usually engage a target unaware of me. I've been less effective without surprise on my side, but if I managed to blind an opponent, it'd be almost as good as them not being aware of me at all..._ "I see your point." His brain automatically starts reviewing tactics for a moment before he thrusts aside that line of thinking. _What was I...? Yes, minds..._ He looks again at the bench where Ming had been, slowly tracking her route to where she stands now. _What did DarkGlow say? 'Impressions of things...'_

Guy says, "Ah yeah, I know that feeling. The saying things that are wastes of air, I mean. It happens. Although I don't think so much with you. Hmmm."

**I encourage you to practice with us,** continues the Ghost to DarkGlow, gesturing toward Guy, and Ming, sitting on the floor. **You may find other interesting uses for your abilities, as we have found for ours, together.**

Ming will just keep on watching. Well, she looks like she might be watching. She's sitting down on the floor, not paying a great deal of attention. Seeing someone gesture at her she hmmss, but doesn't really show a lot of reaction, save to say, "Yeah, maybe later," in a very noncommital way.

"I hit things. Or I capture them," DarkGlow states bluntly, if a touch absently. "Or blind them, I guess. Teamwork means hitting the same person I do. Or hitting them after I wrap them up. What more do you expect?" His eyes shift once more back to the bench and track Ming's route, even more slowly. _'Shadows of the heart...' she said. 'A glimpse, an outline and sillouette. Everything has those, even the mind...'_ His eyes track again, narrowed to slits. _Is something..._ Again he follows the route. _Is something there?_ He sees something, slight, at the same time as his skin prickles and a sledgehammer of a headache whacks him between the eyes. He groans, his hand coming up to his forehead. Blood stains his glove as he brings it down again--hard to see against the leather, but he knows it's there. _My nose?_

Through the shadows of her personal annoyance and displeasure, Ming pushes at her mind link, expecting to run into the same barriers as always. Someday soon she'll find a way to shatter them, but in the normal black void that is the closed mind of Dark Glow she notices a little pinprick of warmth. She considers it for a moment, never quite touching it before she withdraws entirely. Whatever it was she found, she is not going to say a thing. She's learned one thing with DarkGlow, and that is it is his preference in regards to her: silence.

Even though the mental prick Ming does with no resistance, the connection - even the mildest one - is set on fire. It sends her mentally reeling, strong and almost uncontrolled in intensity. However, DarkGlow receives the brunt; a rush of power and adrenaline and screaming, raging weight stirring inside of him, every shadow in the room clawing at the surface, before he crumples, unconcious.