Rather than go through the trouble of fighting with the computer, Shawntae instructs DarkGlow to simply power down the computer, considering fighting the lock down would take at least fourty five seconds, and no telling how long it would take those on the other side of the lockdown to reply upon alertion. With that, DarkGlow is out of the office, and out of the building.

The plates belonging to the CD thief are relayed to Shawntae, who hunts down their owner. It turns out they belong to Ron Jacobs, the same man Phil called on the night of his disappearance. Using forethought to bring his equipment, the Ghost Knight attaches a tracker onto Jacobs' truck, before returning to Phils' home with the CD.

The Ghost is quick, and quickest when he passes through the soil of the Earth. There are no hindrances to his passage; there are no casual observers to discern him. Out of the ground he emerges, delivering the CD back to the apartment of the missing man, and in again he dives, 'swimming' at high speed to intercept the truck on its way from the club.

Jacobs' truck can be found on the highway, where he is followed home. He arrives, and goes inside. The place is reasonably sized for a middle class entrepreneur, with nothing suspiciously pricey. The suspect goes into the kitchen and gets himself a beer, before pacing around and otherwise seeming uncomfortable, in his own home.

Meanwhile, Guy accesses the CD, which contains several files. Part of the files consist of schematics for nanotech that interact and amplify the workings of the body. Strenght, speed, more effective senses. Even to a lesser degree, healing. More along the lines of reducing the amount of shock, releasing pain killers and adrenaline into the system to smooth over the effect. The nanotech for the most part are multi-purpose, using the same methods to amplify this or that, leaving the "patchwork" nanos a specialty.

The nanos are intended to be monitored and controlled by an outside force. An implant monitors the nanos activities and collects information, and sends it to a station that relays the information to the control center, one that can be accessed via a satelite if need be. In reverse, commands to the nanos can be sent, making the nanos at the control of outside commanders.

The remainder of the files consist of email transactions. A few are in Chinese, but the majority are in English. Speed reading, Guy relayes the meat of the emails: whoever is writing the emails is brokering this technology to individual buyers looking for "super soldier" technology. While it is not openly said, it could be speculated that the buyers are representatives for independent criminal organizations, or terrorist groups. The sender intends on delivering a report of the first live field test. Which is dated tonight.

As for the Chinese emails, the only thing that was included was merely an acknowledgement between the sender and a representative with the Chinese government regarding the technology. Merely an information swap, no sales pitch.

"So it seems we've stumbled onto a means to augment human potential," comments Ming. "It's an interesting approach," she admits calmly. "And naturally I imagine the first uses it will be put to will be the worst." The last part isn't quite as calm, naturally. Ming will just try to imagine potential good things that this could be used for, and block-out the bad.

"Sooo... they're after some kind of super soldieresque kind of thing? You know... this job starts sounding more and more like a bad episode of the X-Files. Or a kung-fu movie." Guy gives a shake of the head, and asks, "D'you suppose they're doing tests on superheros?"

From his place of concealment, Tom receives the silent summary of what his colleagues are learning. He considers carefully, while continuing to study Jacobs and his house, then broadcasts - (( This 'live demonstration' may be a direct connect to where Phil is being held, if he is still alive. If he has expertise on this subject, they may be using him as a technical advisor. ))

(( Or as the test dummy... you never know. )) Guy considers, then asks, (( What should we be doing now? ))

(( We need to find out where that test is being held, )) replies Tom from afar. (( This is an absolute priority. ))

(( 'Super-soldiers'? )) DarkGlow sends with a note of disbelief. He continues shovelling take-out fried-rice into his mouth. (( Well, I'll believe it when I see it. And if _anyone_ could become... err, 'super' with just an injection or something, well what would happen to us? We could pretty much retire. Umm... is this really a bad thing? ))

(( If anyone could gain powers with an injection, we would have more work than ever )) counters Tom. (( That is assuming that the wicked are just as likely to be empowered as the just - and it is probably likelier, given who the people involved in this are. ))

(( If the technology is dangerous, Phil may well be the experiment. It would be stupid, but those who do not understand science and get their hands on it are generally quite stupid. )) Ming frowns and annoyance trails down the link. (( It could be a good thing, DarkGlow, but men of power have historically never used anything for good when it could just as easily be used for evil, first. ))

(( Probably. Besides, there's something to be said about getting your powers the old fashioned way. And who knows, maybe there's some horrible side-effect. )) Guy is getting a little annoyed, or perhaps it's more of a headache. Either way, (( We don't even know if it works. It could just destabilize your body and make you eat your head or something. ))

_Note to self: heroes believe in keeping potential power from the masses, possibly to retain their own superiority. Check. Eh, doesn't sound too bad when I put it like that..._ DarkGlow rubs the back of his neck, suddenly uncomfortable. _This is sounding somewhat familiar, however. Wonder if there's any connection between the bastards who implanted me and this bunch?_ (( Right, then, )) he sends. (( I'll clear my calendar for tonight. Think pressuring the thief would get the location of the meeting? ))

(( In any case, my research has indicated no clear explanation of what makes a super. )) Ming's thoughts take on a lecturing tone, at this point, which Tom will recognize. (( My best guess is that this doesn't create super beings like us. These are things that make people more strong, more aware, and possibly healthier. This research should not be destroyed, but shared. Unfortunately, it is very dangerous, as well.. )) Ming sighs inwardly and tries to imagine a good way to distribute this knowledge, if it actually exists.

While continuing the conversation, The Ghost Knight's extra-sensory fingers probe Jacobs' home for any information that might shed light on the man. Files, little nooks and crannies, the very bottom of his closet, everything. Eventually the vigilante works his way to Ron's answering machine, and throwing up a curtain of silence, listens. "Ron, this is Phil. I think someone might be out to get me. I knwo I sound paranoid but..." Phil lays out a set of instructions: get the CD from inside his office chair if he hasn't called back in two days.

(( I have confirmed that Jacobs is working with Phil on this, )) transmits Tom, after a short interval. (( This may be useful - if we cannot find the 'live demonstration', leaking the supposed whereabouts of the disc may be fruitful in locating the kidnappers. ))

The four have a quick pow-wow, and then back to FoxMecha Tech. An inconspicious man enters the elevator. He extracts a bank card from his wallet, and swipes it through the slot, before the magnetic strip returns to normal once more. Punching the 12th floor, up rises the elevator to slide its' doors open, where he is greeted by a man who isn't there.

"Don't see why Clarity didn't come up, too," DarkGlow quietly grumbles from the shadows. "Cameras aren't that big a deal..."

(( Keep focused, this isn't some walk in the park! )) is the only response Clarity will give to that little bit by DarkGlow.

Thomas shrugs slightly. "You and I can also escape very quickly, should the need arise," he points out. "Now, let's find what we can."

"There are some offices is that way--" DarkGlow starts, but then realizes waving a hand to indicate direction is pretty pointless. "I mean, down the hall. We could go dumpster-diving on more computers."

The Ghost nods slowly. His face is that of a rugged, rough-looking Chinaman; anyone who is aware of the shady deal will, hopefully, draw the wrong conclusions should he be spotted. "Alright. You look at the computers, I'll check for paper records."

_Mmm... more typing. If Sasha could only see me now..._ DarkGlow steps through shadow to the nearest vacant office. _Now, what did Shawntae have me do before...?_

The Ghost Knight gets a layout of the floor itself. Two fifths of the floor appear to be two large cages, each with an aura skulking around inside. Another two fifths consists of laboratory, where most of the auras now; the final piece is the offices, where the two head.

Ghost Knight's searching proves fruitful. He finds several files on Marionette. Using his powers to their utmost, he reads the pages without even moving them from their place. Eventually, he finds something of use: satelite photos and landscaping of an area in the Colorado mountains, two hours from Denver. He also finds specific mention of a field test consisting of experimenting and monitoring a hunting cougar that is laced with nanos.

(( DarkGlow, this may be of use. )) Tom transmits what he's learned, and adds, (( if you can, see about identifying what company resources are set aside for this effort. Whoever will be there likely has some connection to the kidnapping. ))

DarkGlow glances up from staring at an obstinant login prompt and shoots an annoyed glare at the closest wall. (( Right. Sure, no problem. ))

(( Um... Ming? Mind hooking me up with Shawntae again? )) DarkGlow asks somewhat plaintively.

(( Now, now, no pouting. )) Clarity may not be there, but she might as well be. (( Let me see.. Shawntae.. there we go. )) She stretches out the link with practiced ease. (( I hope we didn't interrupt something important, but I believe saving the world would still take precedence. ))

DarkGlow sits down at the terminal, and begins to search with Shawntae's assistance. After about thirty minutes, he pieces together what he has, from order forms, memos, and files. A professional animal handler will be on staff to handle the transportation of the cougar, along with three men responsible of getting the boxed cat from the building, into a truck, and then to the test site.

Closing out this computer, DarkGlow goes in search of Everett Ankst's office. He eventually finds it, and after booting up the computer, goes on a routine search. The emails were sent from this terminal, and the last one to the individual was sent at 6:30 pm, three nights ago, the day before Phil's disappearance. At that time, nothing overt had been done with the computer except checking the data on the nanos, what looks like a double checking of the work orders, and an hour later, a game of Counter Strike on the company server.

Tom considers, then delivers further suggestions. (( Guy, I want you to dig up everything you can on one Everett Ankst, as he appears to be involved in the tests, and his computer is the source of the emails. I will be at the test site at 7. DarkGlow, can you safely stay here, should Everett return? ))

DarkGlow shrugs, despite the fact that no one can see him. (( Sure. I have the walls for company. ))

(( Uh... sure thing. Everett Ankst. )) Guy stops his idle daydreaming, and then asks, (( Got a place to start? ))

(( He works for FoxMecha, )) explains Tom. (( If he's made a deal with the Chinese, or knows who has, I want to get an idea of how it started. )) He mentally shifts gears. (( Ming, go with Guy. If he needs to interview someone, I want the real dirt from them. ))

Guy visits various places to get the skinny on Ankst, from the police department, to the Immigrations office. Ankst, a Norwegian, went to a German college for sophisticated computer electronics. He immigrated to the US five years ago, and has since then been working for FoxMecha Tech. He has no police record, and most of the data regarding his life before coming to the United States escapes the detective.

Guy and Ming continue to search. They dig further, eventually finding Everett's credit card accounts. He's had three flights to China and Indonesia in the last four years, along with a cruise vacation through the Carribean. He also seems to spend money like water. Nothing else they can dig up on him, at least in this country.

DarkGlow moves through the building and eventually locates Everett checking the last on a lap top and adjoining equipment. Following him around proves boring, until he and another man enter one of the offices. Everett says, "You going to take care of the thing?" The other man nods. "Yeah, it'll be handled. Just give me a call." The pair nod and exit the office.

Meanwhile, Ghost Knight sifts through Everett's home. It's very lavish, but not to the point of setting off alarms in any IRS agent's head. However, the decedant finishings is merely skin deep. Some papers are found in a locked box tucked away in a safe place. Some are in Chinese, others in two other languages, and a few in English. From what can be deciphered, they consist of contacts first names, passwords, email addresses, and a few orders. Condensed down: watch, inform. But there is no indication this is for a particular government.

---

Nine pm. Two trucks are parked out in the wilderness along a mountain trail. Inside one of the trucks are Chance and Everett, loaded down with equipment along with the transmitter. The other truck is unloading a large crate with air holes. Quickly the unloading men jump in the truck, while another with a very large rod opens the crate. Out prowls the cougar. The handler tosses a ball under the cougar's feet, that erupts in noise, sending it streaking into the trees. Everett steps out of the van, using a cell phone. "Leo. Cat's free. Let him go."

Everett gets back in the van. After two minutes, "Vitals look good. All right, look at that, the aural cortex is going off. She smells something." "Initiating aural enhancer." A minute later. "Hey, she's spotted something! There it is." "All right, let's amplify her speed, let's make this... Everett. What does that look like?" "I don't know, it's too dark." "No, look at it - that looks like... Christ! Christ she's spotted a human!"

From his vantage point, Tom has been listening to the chatter via telepathic link with his teammates nearer the control center, and tracking the cat - something he can do well, given his mobility and awareness. Now he's off like a shot, streaking toward the point at which the creature is located.

"Shut her down, shut her down!" "Okay, let's be calm l-" "_Do_ it." Tom spots the cat, who's speed slows down just before it makes an enormous leap off of an out-cropping, after a fleeing man who's half-rolling, half running down a steep ravine at full tilter.

(( Er... what kind of human do you suppose she's spotted? )) Guy has a rather curious expression to his thoughts, and there's no hiding the worry over the link. (( Uhm... ))

(( Be careful. It is uncertain just how much this augmenting can do for these creatures. )) Ming frowns, wishing she were nearer, now. An illusion would perhaps be just the thing to stop this from getting out of hand. (( Remember the controls. If nothing else, they should provide a means to end this. Only a fool makes a weapon like this without a self-destruct. )) She doesn't like that thought, but what must be done, must be done.

(( Consider that killing a human may be the point of this test - for Everett and his employers, )) points out Tom grimly, as he grabs hold of a large rock. He chucks it with full force at the cat, hoping to distract it.

DarkGlow rolls his eyes but keeps his thoughts off the link. The vehicles now all carry bugs, and he considers distributing a few personal ones as well.

Mid-pounce, the cat is hit in the hindquarters, and screams, cartwheeling into some underbrush. "Holy shit, something hit her!" "What was that? A bear? Is there a fucking hunter out there?" "It doesn't matter, hit the sedat- oh **move**." There's some scuffling inside the van. Meanwhile, the man hasn't even turned around, hasn't screamed, he's just running - now just tumbling down the ravine.

Thomas takes cover, darting underground to a safe distance, emerging where he can get a better perspective on the running man.

Even in the dark, with frosty breath fogging across his face, the man is a match for the pictures Thomas has seen. Phil.

The mountain lion takes a few steps out of the bush, shaking its' head in annoyance, before it starts to sag in place, growling mutedly. It turns, and curls up in the crumpled brush.

(( Ming, DarkGlow, your priority now is Everett. Do not lose him for anything! )) Tom's mental pseudo-voice is insistent. (( Guy, get out here, NOW. )) He gestures as he sprints, kicking up a big cloud of dust and dirt into the face of the mountain lion as it struggles to orient itsef, moving to put himself between Phil and the creature.

(( Eh? Uh... right.... )) DarkGlow struggles to refocus.

The mountain lion snarls and bats a claw at the dust, fussing and rolilng in the bush, but it doesn't seem to be getting back up. A camera mounted on the cat's shoulder falls over. "What the hell is going on? What was that?" "I don't know. But her heart rate is lowering, the adrenaline is draining, she's sedated. We need to get her tagged and boxed."

And the detective does as asked. Relying on the mental link to pinpoint Ghost Knight's Location, Guy dashes off, appearing almost instantaneously at GK's side. He looks around, (( What did you need? ))

(( Get Phil out of here while the cat can't see you, )) directs Tom, quickly, as he begins moving out of the way himself. (( We're retreating here. ))

(( We're on it. )) Clarity frowns and adds almost casually, (( I don't suppose you can.. nevermind. They will have to be allowed to keep the poor animal. They would just get themselves another. I wish we could take them all now and I could rip out what we need. )) Clarity sounds more than a little frustrated.

(( They will receive their just desserts, now that we have everything we need, )) replies Tom, confidently.

(( Sure thing GK )) Guy then moves to find Phil. (( We're gonna blink out. Take care guys... )) And with that, he runs to grab the poor man who almost was kitty food... and just as Phil starts to blink he'll be someplace else.

Phil stumbles and breaks away from Guy, but in the same motion screams and whirls around to punch Guy in the gut. Falling over, Phil is all ready starting to kick when he blinks.

Out of breath, he wheezes, "Who the hell are you... Where's the tiger?"

"Hey! Relax... we're with the good guys... sorta. You're away from the cat. Now hold still and keep quiet or they'll find us." Guy's voice is commanding almost, "It's okay now man. You're safe."

The trainer and the men find the cougar, get it awake enough to stumble back to the truck, and everyone leaves. Everett and Chance return to the office, unloading equipment and arguing the whole way. From the sound of it, Chance was unaware of the plan to use Phil as prey. Afterwards, DarkGlow stows in the back of Everett's car. On his cell phone, "Hello? This is Scale thirteen. I uh... I have a problem. There's someone out in the woods who may know about our connection. Yes, yes, I tried to get rid of him. I even involved my partner. No, I just - can you get rid of him? I don't know where he is, there was no sign of him when the - Sorry, sorry. I just need a cleanup here. Okay. His name's Phil Milchowski. Yeah. Thanks. Out."

An hour later, after driving around for a time, Everett returns home.

Everett is floored. He had no idea his Chinese connections would be there. How did they know where he lived? ... Well, of course. He hastily explains the experiment in how it had to be cut short, his interrogators alternating between the questioning man and his polite, almost understanding assistant. By the end of it, he's apologizing and promising results that will not be heard. By the end, too, the pair know that Everett is a spy for an organization, trading American technology and use of his skills in exchange for an influx of money. But he was trying to go behind the organization and sell the technology they were promised to the Chinese.

With Shawntae's help, a plane ticket for 'Derek Wexler' is purchased, and Tom, Ming, Guy and DarkGlow each have their return tickets. The CD is safely stowed, and a little note of explanation is left behind in a jammed locker - 'I got this back, thanks for your help - Phil'. The Ghost Knight takes no chances; driving fatigue poisons from his body, he sits tireless vigil over Phil until the time of the departing flight.

The five return to Millennium City, and all the evidence is dumped into Lydon's lap. After two days, Everett is charged with several charges, with the CD a testimony sworn by Phil earns him thirty years in a state prison. Phil is safe; as soon as the CD and other evidence became public, whatever organization fled like shadows with light shined in it: Everett is used as the scapegoat. Leo Chamblis is also charged with accessory to attempted murder, but otherwise there is no proof that he was working with Everett on the project.