Richard Temple is having a nice cup of coffee in his study. There are few things he can truelly sit back and enjoy, but the Brazilian grown coffee bean, processed just so and with the right additives can be considered blissful. For a moment he can relax. So much lately has had him tense and high strung. And so much of it dealing with Thomas, interestingly enough.

A short, sharp knock on the door heralds the entrance of that worthy, who's even now dressed in his armor, though he's hung up his coat and "hat" outside. "Hey, Dad. I have a question." His voice is neutral, but strained.

"And I have an answer. I suspect you won't like it." Richard Temple's face, the one he sees the world with, has returned from the momentary lapse.

"Well, fine." Tom shrugs. "So. A professor at school is apparently gifted like you are. She read my mind, while I was trailing someone, and found out who I am. I don't think it's a problem. But I also got her to go en rapport with me, like you used to, so I could share that sense with another teammate, a detective. Dad, I saw her." He breaks down a little bit, squatting down on the floor and staring at it hard. "I saw her skin, through her clothes, I saw into... I almost ran away. I blacked it all out, so they wouldn't guess I what I saw, but.... that's never happened to me before." He looks up, with uncertain eyes. "Why did it suddenly work like that? Why could I see into her?"

The Temple Patron is not pleased. That is evident in the crease across his forehead as his chin perches on a set of knuckles. "So now another knows your inner secrets, all of it. Grand." A low hiss, before he stands up. "Thomas, you are very good in science. Tell me about ionic bonds. What are their purpose?"

Thomas sighs softly. Here comes the lecture, and in this regard Tom is quite experienced. "Go ahead," he intones flatly, waiting for it all to come out.

"Ionic bonds are when two elements share electrons. They connect together. One reason is that one atom is lacking electrons, so the two elements share the partical. H2O is one hydrogen atom and two oxygens. They bond together, and what do you get? Water. You could not have had the result without both." Richard gazes back at his son. "What does this tell you?"

Tom thinks for a moment. His dad isn't in the business of wasting time with words, ordinarily, so there must be something of use here, something relevant to his question. "Souls," he says after a moment. "Or whatever you want to call them. Minds, auras. I can bond with anything that's missing such a thing. I can't bond with anything that possesses one. Unless they combine."

Richard makes a dismissive gesture. "You lack something, and that is the ability to effect the living. I assume this telepath may effect the living, but nothing else. Now when your mind is bridged with her, both are possible. Choose what metaphysical explinations you want."

Shrugging, Thomas thinks for another moment or two. "So... I could use my power on people?" he asks, a little shaken. "If they were linked with me somehow?" He slumps to the floor, shivering a little bit. "Did you know about this, or is this just what you surmise?"

A new frown grows on the patriarch's visage. He draws a letter opener from his desk and carefully draws a line across his palm. Tom can feel his father once more in his mind, rolling it over like a hand dipping through sand. The Temple Senior walks around the desk and holds out his bleeding palm. Words echo into Tom's mind. (( Look into me. Drive out the potential infection from the metal. ))

Thomas frowns, hesitant to exert power toward what his greatest fear has always been - himself, out of control. And yet, he is confronted by the central authority figure of his life, the man whom he has refused only once. He stretches out a gloved hand, holding back the trembling of trepidation, and begins exerting his power, healing a wound as though it were on his own body, as he has done many, many times before.

First the potential disease is pushed from the wound, then the flesh melds back together, until all that is left is the blood slick across the skin. "I do not know this woman's capabilities." His words hinting that fact annoys him. "Yet if she can link your mind and knows your secrets, there is the potential she can control you. If she can, then I suspect she will not allow you to go on a rampage." Unless that is her intentions. While the thought is not said out loud or in Tom's mind, it is left hanging in the air, obvious to the point one might suspect the vigilante's father of putting it there.

Thomas nods slowly. "I'll introduce you, if you want," he mumbles. "Or you can let me go ahead with my plan, which is to be one more of the 'accidentals', the people that have just gained power out of nowhere. That way you don't have to worry if I'm discovered."

Once more Tom's father frowns. "I do not like the prospect that you would be known with powers, accidental or no. It would raise eyebrows that my son has recieved them."

"Whose eyebrows, exactly?" asks Tom, sitting more comfortably on the floor now. "Huh? Who?"

"That's not a matter for you to know." A note of finality is in Richard's words.

"Well, I have no intention of faxing the Weekly World News with my biography," says Tom sullenly and sarcastically. "So. Let's say I had a different face, voice. Let's say I had papers that proved without a doubt I was someone else. I can do that, yes. What would happen?"

"That's very well in good, but can you reconstruct your genetic code?" Richard leans forward, arms settling on his desk. "I don't think we've tested that before."

"I'd rather not, y'know?" replies Tom coldly. "But what of it? It's not like anyone ELSE has my DNA on file, and it's not like anyone has yours. I hope. It'd be a simple matter for you to say nothing, and who's going to think to try and do a DNA test anyway?"

Richard snorts. "You are smart, boy. Think about it. You gallavanting in your little costume and recieve a nice bullet." He extends his palm once more, showing the blood left on it. "You are my son, but you've proven that I cannot wall you in a cell and controll you completely. It seems I cannot stop you. Do as you wish. But be warned that you are responsible for your mistakes, and if they are too great, then they will be corrected."

"I'm aware of all that. I've always cleaned up after myself," says Tom, sullenly. "Ghosts don't bleed, anyway. It's part of the image, if nothing else. I have to be careful for my own sake, never mind yours."

"It's good to see you're being mature about this."

Thomas actually laughs. "Well, how about this for maturity, then. I'm not the son you wanted, but I'm still your son. I disagree with your vision, but I know why you have it. I don't try to cause trouble for you, and you've done the same. So..I'll tell you everything I can about this telepathic teacher." And so he does, beginning with a brief explanation of who Ming is, and her position at the university.

Richard Temple sits back and listens without giving anything. Well, almost anything. As if grudgingly, "Thank you."

Thomas finishes up. ".. So I leave it to you to decide how to handle this. However, I think you'll find whether you can trust her or not. I don't, yet, but we'll see. You're really lucky, you know."

Tom's father raises a brow while watching the boy patiently.

"You get the assurance of truth, with what you can do," explains Tom. "Me? I'm afraid every time I get into a car and shut the door. You know? Because, what if it shuts itself on my hand? I'm afraid when I see movies where the flesh falls off someone, because it could happen. The worst you have to fear is learning something terrible about someone from their mind, and you can forget that."

"You are not the only one who has to fear what he can do, Thomas." Richard continues to stare, but there's less rigidness in his face. "I taught you self-discipline. I had to learn it myself. That same discipline keeps me in check. It also keeps me sane."

Thomas nods slowly. "Perhaps it's that you understand my powers more thoroughly than I understand yours," he comments. "I'm glad I don't share them. I don't think I'd be capable of lifting both loads myself."

Richard says with a touch of weight, "They are heavy weights, son. Do not break your back under the strain."

Thomas smiles a little. "Well, I'll just have to get plenty of exercise, then," he remarks, as he rises. "Thanks, Dad. Gotta get back to work."

Wiping the blood from his hand, Richard nods and collecst the coffee cup. "Let your nose stay on the grindstone, son."

Ming sits in Jiaojuan's room, looking over her sleeping sister. The lights are low, of course, just a bit of ambient light creeping in from the hallway. She smiles, her lips just lightly tinged with sadness as her eyes drift over her sister's wheelchair.

Thomas stands beside her, having come to a decision at long last. The discussion earlier was low and tense, and now forgotten. "Professor," he murmurs. "Come on. Join us together, and we'll begin." He draws up a chair, sitting down in it and breathing slowly as his uncle taught him, waiting for contact, waiting to walk into the unknown.

Ming nods slowly, sitting on her sister's bed carefully. She closes her eyes, lets out a deep sigh, and then starts, gently reaching out to Thomas' mind. (( I'll start very carefully, Thomas )) she sends. Her voice is almost like a whisper, right now. Then she turns her efforts, drawing a way into her sister's mind, but there she says nothing at all.

Thomas feels himself en rapport with two minds, a novel and terrifying experience, and one fraught with the weight of a life of futile rebellion. He sighs, concentrating for a moment, driving away his emotional clouds with what discipline he has mustered over the years. He reaches out with his mind, feeling his "body" as a very peculiar mass stretched out across space. Here he is, sitting in the chair. There he is as well, sitting, and there he is too, laying asleep. He can feel himself breathing in triplicate. Three heartbeats, each out of sync with each other, send a shiver of fright through him.

Ming feels the fright, but cannot limit it. She just lets the channel lie completely open, not sure what, if anything, Thomas expects of her. For now, she simply is a channel.

Thomas feels further. His physician's sense tells him what he feels, after a few minutes of exploratory probing. Nerves, bone and muscles - here, here and here. The thought passes harmlessly through the link, sparking off ripple after ripple of associative memories as though a stone were cast at once into three ponds. (( Nerves regenerate.. when prompted to. Nerves are just matter.. Matter can be rearranged... )) He works carefully, feeling the intricately crafted molecules of organic matter obeying his command. (( Time.. relax.. need time to finish. ))

Ming keeps the link strong, forcing herself to spill calm out along the link. There are no memories she grasps for this, but just holds the emotion tightly, trying to help if she can.

Thomas twists and bends shattered nerves, drawing on the vital principle of other cells and applying it like a mason might trowel mortar to build brick walls. (( Muscles can be rebuilt later, with exercise... )) Flashes of walking, long denied, but much envisioned, resonate sympathetically from the sleeping girl's mind, echoing Thomas's own wordless associations of his martial-arts practice. Slowly but surely, nerves bond themselves together, then bond with others, channeled to their proper place by Tom's command. (( ... It is done ... )) comes the college kid's weak thought, at last. "Ming..."

"It.. did it?" asks Ming softly. "Can I wake her? Can I see if it worked? Please?" Her words remain quiet, but yet there is a desperation to them that might as well be wailing.

Thomas nods, slumping back in the chair and wiping his brow. "Yeah.. please..."

Ming nods quickly, smiling. She turns to her little sister, reaching out and softly rousing her with a touch to the cheek. "Mmm, wha?" murmurs Jiaojuan, waking with a blur in her mind. "Ming," she whispers, "I had the strang.." She sighs sadly, "But it was just a dream." Ming slips her fingers through her sister's hair, stroking her soothingly. "Can you try something for me, Jiaojuan?" she requests. Her sister nods, and then Ming suggests, "Try to move your feet."

Ming's sister seems very doubtful. But with a frown of concentration, she really tries. At first, there is nothing, and she sighs and starts to say, "See, it.." And then her foot moves. Just barely at first, and then again. Then her leg shifts just a little on the bed, rising to bend. Without waiting Jiaojuan turns suddenly, planting her bare feet on the floor and pushing herself up. She wobbles for a moment, nearly falling until Ming moves to help hold her up. Ming doesn't know when she started, but already tears are pouring down her cheeks. She hugs her sister fiercely, shaking. "I can move!" Jiaojuan cries out triumphantly.

Thomas smiles gently, sitting back in silence and letting out a sigh. _I did it.. I.._ His thought is halted by something that nags at him, and he glances up at his professor. _No. We did it._

Ming looks to Thomas with adoration in her eyes. The message is short, and nearly lost in a pool of emotions. (( How can I ever repay you? )) Jiaojuan keeps herself on her feet, though Ming provides a lot of help for balance, the young girl not crying, but smiling widely. The question of how will take a little while to answer, perhaps, if it ever occurs to her that it was anything but a miracle.

Thomas rises to his feet, and smiles. (( Your silence about me is how you repay me. )) He nods his head to Jiaojuan. "Hi. I know this is rather sudden, but I'd like to explain, if I may..."

Ming strokes her sister's hair, laughing softly. Jiaojuan turns to look at Thomas, eyes studying him. "Ming, why don't you ever introduce me to your friends at normal times?" she asks softly. Ming blushes, not really sure just how to introduce Thomas right now. (( I'll leave it all to you )) she sends to Thomas.

Thomas chuckles softly, then speaks more formally. "I represent Mr. Lydon Yamaguchi, the noted industrialist and ah, philanthropist. Your sister, being your legal guardian, approved the use of an experimental nano-technology treatment, which was applied to you with some success. She and I would both appreciate it if you would submit to observation by a doctor, although there is a non-disclosure agreement.. But there's time for all that, later. Nor is there any concern about medical expenses."

Jiaojuan blinks, then looks to her older sister. "Wow! I hope you can use it more often, it works so well!" The young girl bounces a bit on her feet, confessing, "My legs are a bit tired, but they work! They work!" She looks to her sister, who carefully lets go. Jiaojuan steps over carefully towards Thomas, looking into his eyes, completely focused on her goal. She will walk to him! Ming doesn't follow her every step, but stays ready to run to help her.

Thomas smiles, and oofs a bit as he is suddenly and violently hugged. He blinks, eyes wide. "Hey, hey... it's okay," he offers half-heartedly. "Thank your sister. If it weren't for her, we would never have known about your case.."

Ming laughs softly, moving close to collect her sister if she ever chooses to let go. "We're very grateful," Ming says softly. "And we won't reveal anything, right Jiaojuan?" The younger girl nods quickly, "There's nothing at all to reveal. It's just that all that therapy finally paid off, right?"

"However you both wish to handle it is up to you. I just earnestly hope that uh.." He glances at Ming, meaningfully. "The appropriate discretion will be exercised on delicate matters. That's all we ask."

"We will remember that," says Ming. Jiaojuan agrees quickly. "I won't forget what you've done for me. Not ever." Well, looks like the 11 year old girl has a new guy to have a crush on. Better than the boybands, at least.

It's late in the night when Ming finally turns in. Her sister has to be assured numerous times that it is not a dream. And then told that she has to use crutches, and no, she can't throw her wheelchair away just yet. Yes, yes, we'll get rid of it as soon as possible. Ming, by the time she is in her room, starting to get undressed, is more than a bit tired.

The tiredness weights Ming's body, and as well her mind. Tonight was strenous and stressful, emotionally heavy. Yet, all of that seems to melt away for a moment as a voice echos into her mind. (( Hello, Tiaoning Ming. You have dealings with Thomas Temple. )) While there is no heard tones, it is evident by either some power or simply her senses, there is no immediate anger in the new voice.

Ming pauses, wondering if she perhaps has more need of sleep than she thought. (( Uh, who the hell is this? )) she thinks to herself.

(( You know Thomas's secrets. You have peered into his mind. I know exactly what is within the halls of that mind. Since you have read his psyche, I wish to do the same to you. To know what you want with him. ))

(( And who the hell are you? Thomas is a friend. )) Then again, is that guy even listening to her? Can he even hear? (( You getting any of this, whoever-you-are? ))

(( Yes, Ms Ming. )) There is a pronounced pause, before (( I am Thomas's father. ))

(( Uh, okay. And why are you bothering me? Thomas is a friend, and a student. He was just helping me. You could have, you know, just knocked and talked to me. )) In her mind echo a few random thoughts best summed-up as (( Jerk. ))

There is a sense of agitation brought along with the words. (( Consider it a matter of territory. Thomas is mine. When another can push into his mind, and know not only about him, but me, I make it a priority to know if this is a threat or not. Meeting you before knowing your stance with my son could be dangerous. I am not a man who steps into danger without knowing everything. I am being courteous. ))

(( I can imagine. )) Uh, whatever, whoever you are. Man, how come Thomas is such a great guy and his dad is such a dick? (( You did a great job with your son, at least. But why would I hurt Thomas? He's one of my best students, and you probably know what he did for me already tonight. You want any other assurance? ))

(( If you know Thomas, and if you are infatuated with those humans who exhibit powers, then you know what those with no morals and ambitions can do. You saw what Thomas did to your sister; imagine someone with said powers you did not know associating with her. ))

(( I get your point. Still, you don't have to assume that everyone is out for themselves. I suppose trust is hard for someone who wants to control everything, though. )) Not many parents refer to their kids like possessions, after all. Yeah, Ming is thinking this guy doesn't hold back, he just comes out and lets you know he's a complete asshole.

(( Yes. )) If he were replying to her thoughts or message, there's no telling. (( A meeting can be arranged if you prefer. ))

(( I think that will be unncessary. Thomas is a little too old for parent-teacher conferences. )) Ming slips nonchalantly into her pajamas. (( When you are done, please show yourself to the door. ))

(( Very well. I approve of the partnership. You will be good for him. )) With that, the conciousness pulls from Ming's mind.

Ming hmphs. She mutters under her breath, "Least he didn't suggest I marry him." She tugs her covers back and sets herself in bed. She won't be getting any sleep tonight, most likely.