The four of them loom over the downed thugs. Ghost Knight hovering, about to take the time to shape his form... a window smashes. Four sets of eyes spy the prism-coated ball, before it erupts into an assault of painfully bright light on too many spectrums, a squealing, screaming bombardment of sound. In the wake of the weapon, a second item comes sailing through the window: a canister, emitting smoke like a burning house.

Vanessa starts to cough, stumbling around in the wake of blindness. She bumps into Guy, grabbing hold of his coat. "Get me out of here!"

Thomas's sense of perception springs into action; though he can neither see or here, he can at least feel his surroundings. Generally the next thing he would expect is incoming gunfire; the last thing he does, before he himself leaps through one of the solid walls, is to lean down and scoop up one of the strobe bombs as he rushes past.

Guy would scream... perhaps he is. He can't tell if he's making any noise or not, nor can he hear. His arms flail about madly as he tries to wrap an arm around whatever it is that's caught hold of his coat. He's fairly certain it's Vanessa. He concentrates on his nice, safe office, and tries to teleport there as fast as he can. If he can't get there, he'll simply continue teleporting until the blindness wears off or he can no longer teleport.

Snarling at the stabbing lights that robbed him of his sight, DarkGlow locks his shadow-sense on the nearest darkened area of the room and dives there, shadowed tentacles sweeping clear the way ahead of him. Once there, he crouches, going as invisible to the world as the world presently is too him. _**Bastards!** I'll bloody well show them!_ He tears a flare from a side pounch under his cloak and strikes it be feel. Only vaguely caring that he might be risking burning down the building, he tosses it into the centre of the room. He curses as it erases the shadow he crouches in, and quickly moves to another. _**Now** come, you punks! Come cast a shadow..._ His black tentacles await...

The door erupts with the sound of splintering wood and a shower of door fragments. All those who had been in the room would have heard it, but one man's paticular interesting sense picks up the three figures in the hallway, entering the room. Equally, that sharp sixth sense picks up the curious activity that signals flames. Flames. Where Shawntae's apartment is; the blaze feels like it could spread to others, but now is an impressive hotness in the man's living room. DarkGlow hears them. He equally hears a second explosion, to his left. What was the wall with the window is now a gaping wound in the architecture.

Thomas is crouched outside, blinking repeatedly even as he tucks the appropriated bomb into one secure pocket. His awareness probes the immediate area, searching for other incoming threats.

DarkGlow's expresion goes blank as his tentacles melt away. _Not enough shadow..._ He smothers a cough, his lungs on fire. _Tear gas must be filtering the light. Time to go, damn it all!_ Wihtout even being able to open his mouth for a stream of invective, DarkGlow abandons his hasty ambush and reappears a couple rooms down.

Now that Tom's hearing has restored itself somewhat, he's reaching for his portable phone. Gloved fingers stab down on 9-1-1, and after a moment he speaks quickly and concisely into the phone, the air between his lips and the handset modulating itself to distort the characteristic qualities of his voice. "There's a fire.." He recites the address quickly, mechanically, then slaps shut the handset and begins scanning, trying hard to keep up with a rapidly-changing situation.

One person is gone inside the apartment. By the time the phonecall is over, a large clump of auras just spills out of the outer wall, and onto the street outside. The fire continues to burn, spreading throughout the apartment; apparently that furniture left behind was a perfect kindling.

Thomas moves quickly, then, passing through the wall once more, taking control of the very air and condensing it away from the points of ignition. With no oxygen to keep it going, no fire can last long.

DarkGlow blinks his eyes carefully as sight begins to return, and as much as he'd like to gulp the clean air of the new apartment, he only draws slow, careful breaths into his aching chest. _Outside. They've gotta be heading outside._ Roughly wiping tears from his face with the back of his glove, he focuses and telephots thshadow to the alley next to the building.

The fire sputters, and shakes, before starting to die slowly on its own. Outside, the sound of an engine roaring as tires peal out enters DG's ears as he finds himself in the alley. Starting to move, move towards that sound, his eye catches something in a mirror. A shade behind him, the gleam of something black, sharp, familiar seen in the mirror, before it moves to strike.

Eyes widen and breath is sharply intaken in purest reflex, but DarkGlow's instict is to dodge the quickest way he knows how--he blinks back up to the unknown apartment, and begins hunting for the furthest shadow he can sense.

Darkglow hops into the shadows, and is gone, gone out of there as quick and as far as his powers would reach. But Ghost Knight spotted the vehicle driving away, and those probing fingers of his observation caught the Shadow-hopper bounce into the alley... and then he was gone, but the Knight saw no other aura in the alley with him. One other thing catches his attention: a knife, sticking out of the wall outside the door. It could have been overlooked, but it is so out of place, his attention could be called to it.

Thomas moves to retrieve the knife, taking care to get well away from the apartment once the potential evidence has been retrieved. He moves for the sewers, and once safely ensconced there, begins calling his teammates...

Something is noticed about the knife. There's a note attached. When eyes start to clear, he can make out the horribly scribbled, big letters. "Whoever you are, you are good. Too good."

Meanwhile, in Guy's office, Vanessa's sight and hearing return, along with the detective's. She's massaging her temples as the pain eases off.

"Ow... can't remember the last time I felt this bad... worse than a hangover. Well, most of 'em anyway." Guy, having regained the gift of sight looks about, "Hmmm. Uh... what was that? You alright Vanessa?"

She nods her head, before hand goes for the phone. "Call Ghost Knight; I want to know where the hell Lydon was..."

"Gotcha." Guy picks up his phone and dials GK. "Please... please pick up..." Doot doot deet doot deet deet doot.

It seems the idea wasn't exclusively Guy's, and in a few moments the phones' party-line clicks into operation. **The New Purple Gang's hit squad was tailed,** reports the Ghost, tersely. **Or we were. Either way, it seems someone else is involved in this matter.**

DarkGlow stabs the 'answer' button on his phone before the first vibratory 'ring' is finished, if only so it stops distracting him. His eyes scan every which way they can. He holds it to an ear, but says nothing.

DarkGlow feels cold. Not the temperature kind of cold, but merely... a lack of heat. A rise of goosebumps along his arms. The shadows have always been very soothing, but now they feel almost smothering, with things he can't catch looming just beyond the veil.

"Good to hear your voices. You guys are alive, I take it? Vanessa's safe, and I'm okay too, except my head hurts worse than a fratboy's after pledge night," says Guy.

Thomas privately grins, knowing the feeling. His steely cold voice continues unhindered, though. **We'll regroup and contact Lydon. Whether he wants us to continue to pursue this matter or not is his decision to make.**

DarkGlow blinks to another shadow. "Whatever the hell we're doing, let's do it fast. I think something's taken a disliking to me..." His nerves are running high enough that it doesn't even occur to him that his statement might be construed as a request for help.

"That's what Vanessa wants to know. She wants to know where the Lydon was." Guy glances back out his window, then to the phone. "Any idea who hit us? And I mean names, not just 'the NPG'."

**We'll know more when we begin the analysis. Let's get moving, to the warehouse,** reports GK, clicking off the phone. He begins heading that way, head full of questions.

Not long after, six people sit at a table in the warehouse. The four, Lydon and Shawntae. Lydon seems apologetic; everything from his mannerisms to his expression. "I had thought the show was over; I called Tengu home, because his batteries were thirty minutes from expiring; it had been on since dawn. He turned around when he recieved the distress call of a fire over the Radio, but found nothing in the sweep of the area."

DarkGlow shrugs. "It doesn't matter. It's not like any of us are exactly used to doing all this yet. Besides, we do still have the three trackers."

Thomas has the strobe-grenade, the knife, the note, and the sniper rifle spread out before him. **This, as far as I can tell, constitutes our physical evidence. For now, the answer seems clear: the New Purple Gang's ability to commit high-profile crimes has been removed..** He gestures toward Shawntae. **However, this other element, who attacked us earlier, may or may not be connected with them. For now I recommend that we concentrate on other affairs. Lydon, who actually hired the Gang to attack you is still not certain. It may be Greymalkin, or another company with ties to the Gang. What we do from here is your decision; whether we stay to do it with you is ours.**

"Yeah. Well the show wasn't over. We were followed, obviously. So instead of the climax where we get a nice vacation and paid and such... we get blown up and have a 'to-be-continued...' tacked on," says Guy, as he glances about. "What else do we know about them? have you guys heard word from the police station that was attacked or analyzed the sniper rifle further? I'm betting there's a connection there."

Shawntae smirks at the gesture toward him, but he doesn't seem really happy that his house burned. He still had some stuff in there, but thankfully the more important things were all ready loaded in. Lydon nods, and sighs. "All we really have is the trackers. And if they are smart enough to have sent a tail after the trio ment to finish the job, they may be sweeping their equipment and men for bugs as we speak. Even if they do not, they could be expecting us. And if this third group that lead the counter-attack was a third party... they may have more protection then we think. So we do not have a lot to go on, in this situation." He sighs in frustration. "I'm tempted to just hand all of this over to the FBI, and let them take care of it; from where we stand, there is not a lot of leads to go on, and there will likely be other things we need to take care of instead of focusing on this."

**Allow me, then,** says the Ghost, resolving his fleshless face into a sardonic smirk.

Lydon holds up a hand. "First, let's see what the others think?" He looks over everyone. "Any aposed to the idea?"

"I'm thinking there's a connection, actually, between all of this... the thread seems kind of thin... however, the fellow from Dew Chemical Corporation... the one that lost an argument with the four am train? His stuff was in the police station that was attacked." Guy looks up at the others. "It might just be a coincidence... but why that police station? No others were reported attacked. Not that day anyway. they hit it rather heavily too."

DarkGlow looks incredulous. "FBI? Some bunch of lowlifes manages to get lucky enough to surprise us and drop a single lousy grenade into our midst and we're gonna walk away with our tails firmly between our legs? Hell, yes, I'm opposed! So what if they're sweeping--maybe!--for the bugs? That just means we hit them hard and fast, ASAP--as in right now!"

**It also means we get to laugh at the FBI for accepting a box full of information and evidence submitted by people they'd probably arrest on sight, if they had anything to charge us with,** offers the Ghost, still smirking. **I for one like that idea very much.**

Vanessa shakes her nead. "Not really. Think about it. The bugged guys havn't moved much since this morning..." She looks to Shawntae, who nods. "If they havn't moved, and they're not in the same place, then we won't get anything because they're away from their hideout. So we'll just tip off all the others we're coming. What are we going to get, besides stragglers?"

DarkGlow shakes his head, disgust building. "Them we bloodly well follow them to their hideout, or have skull-face here make 'em piss their pants before begging to tell us. I didn't play hide-and-go-seek with a bunch of heavily armed thugs just to let them get away."

"What if the bugged guys haven't moved much since this morning because they found the bugs and left them where they found them?" Guy ponders this for a moment. "And we're not necessarily going to tip everyone off. Not if we catch 'em before they can warn the others. Maybe. I'm more worried about the way things could fit together."

"Well we won't know until we go looking for the trackers, now will we?" DarkGlow answers, pointedly.

Thomas considers carefully, then speaks. **Or the trackers could be located at an ambush, staged for us, just as the men who came with their strobes and gas seemed to be.**

DarkGlow says, with fading patience, "An ambush only works if they surprise the victims. We won't be surprised, not again."

**They know who we are, at least roughly,** counters the Ghost, evenly. **They know what to expect. None of us are invulnerable...**

"Except Mr. Invuulnerable. But then we don't know Mr. Invulnerable... not personally anyway." Guy offers a wry grin. "But, you've got a point. We were caught by surprise..."

"Half of us can teleport and you can both see and walk through walls. I doubt anything could be hidden from us, if we were actually looking for it," DarkGlow counters.

Guy adds, "Maybe we should get the handwriting on that note analyzed?"

"Yes," Lydon says glumly, "But every time we have went in with excessive force, it has been met with a surprise. However, subtlty worked the last time. And I do not think we have the time to work against them now, when they are expecting it. They can't surprise us, but we can't surprise them. I'd like to avoid a potential bloodbath here."

DarkGlow growls. "And that'll tell us it was made by either a second=grader or someone deliberately seeking to disguise their handwriting. I can see how that'll break this affair wide open. Sure."

Thomas shrugs a little, gesturing at the rifle on the table. **This.... this is indicative of what the Gang was using. Let's see if we can get a lead from the police station, instead. We'll gain something productive there, I think.**

After examining the horrid, horrid handwriting for a while, Guy comes to the only logical conclusion. "We're dealing with some kind of Doctor..." He grins. "But uh... yeah let's see what we can find from the police station stuff."

DarkGlow rounds on Lydon. "'Excessive force'? 'Bloodbath'? At the **very** least, we could do a recon, and then go in in force if the situation warrants it."

It is settled. The tracers are thusly reconned. One that was moving irraticly was discovered attached to a dog's collar. A second was not precisely found, but Ghost Knight did not have to swim into the ground to assume it was located in a septic tank; his perception could find the tank beneath it. The third located in a trash dumpster. Unsatisfaction. Annoyance. Full blown anger and lack of closure. After this displeasing discovery, the notion was adjorned. The FBI recieved a package with useful information.

---

Miranda Chen, the 'super news' anchor for WRJK, Channel Six, offers a somber expression into the camera. "If you were anywhere near Downtown Millenium City today, you would have heard it. Sirens, explosions, and the automatic whine of alarms. You might have even seen Sapphire flying towards the Genex Labs facility, or if you were on the Loop today, you would have been unable to get off.

The camera shifts to a shot of squad cars surrounding the Genex Labs building. "The alarm went off at 8:01 AM today, and ended at 8:32 AM." Back to Chen, "Like this one, several facilities in Millenium City recieved full security breaches, and went into lock down. Also," The camera cuts to a picture of a stretch on The Loop, "At 8:07, cars were unable to detach themselves from the Loop. This lasted for ten minutes."

Chen is back, gazing into the camera. "The reasoning for the Loop's problem was an attack by the New Purple Gang on City Center. Witnesses said they saw nine men in purple jackets, ski masks, with lots of guns that held them hostage for less then ten minutes." "I thought they were going to shoot us all," Says one upset looking woman, "A big man with a gun came to my office, and told me to get into the front..." "The New Purple Gang hijackted the Loop, and city officals recieved a ransom note requesting three million dollars be transfered to an account or a car pile-up of every trapped car would commense within an hour. As it stands, it didn't work. Tengu made a sighting, one witnes says, snatching up one of the gang, while the others sped away in cars."

"More amazingly, the New Purple Gang made a bold move on the Downtown Millenium City police station; a frontal attack." "I was just sitting at my desk, and they burst through the doorway," The header beneath the woman reads 'Ellen Fort, Desk Clerk of MCPD'. A video shot of the shootout between cops outside and gangmembers inside are showed. "Both Tengu and the vigilante The Ghost Knight made a presence here, as well as an unnamed teleporter. They successfully downed three more members of the gang, and assisted in helping Police, as well as recovering some of the weaponry that the gang had stolen from the MARS units. The gang got away in vehicles that had faulty liscence plates, covered plates, or excaped foot pursuit."

"Police Chief James Surhoff had this to say." The camera cuts to a stone faced man in his mid fourties. His midwestern drawl speaks up. "This is a travesty. A ruthless attack on the men in blue, and the citizens of this city. We will sniff out, and hunt down every last man in purple, until he has a matching set of silver chain bracelets."

The video changes to a black man in a suit, standing before a press conference. Mayor Calvin Biselle glances down at the microphone, before up at the camera. "It saddens me, what has happened today. But, it is good to see that we have as quick a response to problems. The Champions assisted in dealing with several false alarms. Tengu, and even the Ghost Knight, have put down several of these criminals. Infact, just last week, they even came forward to help our citizens, in an accident. To the defenders of this city, I say Thank you. Keep up the good job. To the citizens, I say Let us look to our defenses, that we have, and help them. Fix them. The city center, I will see the City Council about giving better security, and I am told plans to revamp the VCC computer. Better guards for the police station itself - if not remodelling, to prevent these things. Don't worry, we'll turn this situation around 360."

"There were fourty two injured, and six killed in the gang's varied attacks."

"This is WC0T, and your FM dial is on 97.9. I am Flamin' Double-A Jamison," A sound que of flames run after the name. "And you're on Hot Talk." The evening DJ croons into the mike. "And look at this, we have Sapphire on the line." Flamin' Jamison gets the Supers on his show, not because he has a good agent, but because he has a damn good show. "Sapphi, not promoting your radio show again, doll?" "No, Jamsy, not yet." She teases back. "So, how was this morning? A little excitement to get your coffee pumping?" "You got it; I was earning my keep with the morning traffic."

The conversation rolls on. "And as it looks like, there were some other costumed folks out there helping you out this morning. The good ol' Ghost knight, and some other fella in a trenchcoat. Somebody needs to give this guy a name. Tengu looked like he had some work today too." "I heard about those," Sapphi chimes in, "Thanks for lending in a hand, despite your nose-to-the-grindstone, GK. Defender sends his wishes, and I send a kiss." "One thing's for sure, especially after today, Sapphi," Jamison intones. "What's that?" "That while I all those hard working suiters can't always stop things before they start, I'm definetly sure they'll stop it. Not just your team, Sapphi, but all of them. All you heros in listener land? Even if no one hears about your last success, This is a salute, from Flamin' Double-A Jamison, and all the evening crew."

"Great..." Guy is unable to keep himself from laughing though. _Flamin' Double-A Jamison... good grief. Well... at least someone appreciates me. Now... let's see if I can't make rent._ Guy reaches up and after a moment decides to to tune the radio station away. _It's kinda nice to not always be in a thankless job._ He says, as he goes over the report he's got. He looks rather pained. "Something just doesn't feel write about this... sooner or later I'm gonna have to tell 'em. Then we'll see how long I live. One thing's for sure... no way is the Prof. gonna pull the ol' Villain confronts heros, and thanks the hero who was reluctantly working for him, thereby causing the heros to distrust the reluctant villain aide.""

Guy says, "I mean... that's just so cliched. And... I'm talking to myself again. It's this hero gig. Must be getting to me." Guy finishes off his report, and teleports to a conveniently located drop-off point. He leaves the report for the Prof's man, and teleports away, back to the familiar chair in his office. His feet rest comfortably on the desk. "So what's next..."

The detective's dayplanner has some bookings for tomorrow. A notation to go and see the driver who hit Lucius Alexander. Also, to see if he can get his hands on that tape. A sidenote was made regarding the homeless man who witnessed the accident. Busy day. Busy day.

_Well I've got a busy day ahead of me. Probably going to be even busier. I'll have to remember to pick up a halloween costume or somesuch for myself. Maybe just a mask. Heck... all I should need is a black strip to cover the eyes. That seems to foll everyone. Well then, let's see what other trouble I can get into today and... hey!_ Guy has a realization, suddenly. It's not a terribly pleasant one either. "You know, I've not been paid... well rent can wait..." He sits up, leaning over the computer. He goes through his notes and files, typing up a log of what he'd been through so far. "Well there you go. Case closed. Sorta."

---

DarkGlow is going to kill someone. It's in his blood, it's in his mind. He's been sent to kill some guy. Why? He doesn't care. All that matters is there's half his payment sitting in his wallet. The Shade's Blade at his side yearns it's thirst to be quenched. He stands atop the building which his target rests in. A home. An easy kill.

_The plan..._ He shunts aside the bloodlust. It'll only get him killed. Nevertheless, he's practically panting. _What's the damn plan...?_ He is achingly aware of the shadows inside, cast by steetlamps and nightlights and the beautiful moon. He blinks into one of them, barely aware he's done so. _Kill the target. Don't be stupid. But... who's the target...?_ Silently he finds his way down a darkened hall.

The shadows are found, scored. The killer melts out of them, unseen by anyone inside. The hall is grim, dark; a heavy weight, as if it forsees the doom that looms ahead. A light is on at the end of the hall, one excaping an ajar door. There are shadows inside, assuredly; that much the senses can tell him. A predator can sense the kill, and it is close. Too close.

In a lighted room, he must be invisible. Scope the room out first, be sneaky and stealthy before striking. And when the moment comes... Oh, when the moment comes...

The room is a study. Bookshelves, a computer, even an atlas. It all makes sense. And there he is. Sitting in a tall swivel chair, back to the door, at his desk. Whoever it is, DarkGlow can see his balding head, can see the newspaper he's reading. He hasn't heard a thing. Calm. Peaceful. It all seems so familiar to the killer, but don't they all? Then again... The paper rustles just a little.

Emotions spike, but DarkGlow clamps them down, until their own only trace is a black, ugly smile streching his lips. _Alone! Strike!_ And his abilites reach out, and the room's shadows respond, flying to encircle his victim, tangling together and winding about him as tightly as a shroud. _But... who is he?_ A careless flick of attention and a shadowy tentacle sends the swivel chair twisting, and his victim spins into view.

The paper is bloody. A deep, dark stain in it. It falls away, baring the dead eyes staring back at Darkglow. A stab-wound is bare on the chest, while the face, it is familiar. He killed him before? Yes... he did... why is he here again? The jaw moves slowly. "You've killed me."

"Yes, and you deserved--" DarkGlow starts to answer, but then he shakes his head, like an insect had buzzed by his ear. "I mean, no, I haven't..." He shakes his head again, firey emotions collapsing into ashes, clear thoughts clouding over. "Not yet. The contract..." His hands raise to his temples, and his fingers massage a sudden sharp pain inside his skull. His head drops. He can't think...

The man stands up. The shadows part like water underneath his body. The wound continues to bleed, while he staggers towards the murderer. A bloody finger points at DarkGlow. "You... You. Now... I will return... to you." The shadows swirl over the man's fist, forming the murderer's Shade's blade.

The shadow in which DarkGlow stands won't accept him. He can't teleport away. He stumbles backwards, blindly.

The blood from the wound has drawn up to ankles. Hands rise out of the liquid crimson, claw up the assassin's legs, gripping his ankles. "You..." The shadows bleed away from DarkGlow, baring him no protection... And his eyes pop open, the sweat-coated blankets a smothering hug around him.

DarkGlow's eyes focus on the still-flickering candles on the table across the room. With the handful of other candles glowing about the room, to him there is an ideal mix of light and darkness, and the shadows that are his life. _I remember why I charge more for using the Blade--it's too damn messy. Smothering them's much neater, and a hell of a lot easier on the future psyche._ His heart slowly returns to a normal rhythym and he gets up and runs through a stretching routine that is supposed to relax him further. _What was his name, anyway? And why am I suddenly dreaming about him? I've been a good boy, lately..._ The last thought has an ironic taste.

---

It's late. There is a test looming ahead tomorrow, and this means studying. With all the work that's been clinging to... a week? It's been less then a Week in discovering this whole thing? But it's true. Still, it has distracted Thomas from studying. Tom is hitting the books, cramming as well as he can, more going over his notes then anything. Chris has all ready headed home.

Thomas rubs his forehead one more time, watching the words blur on the page as he does. He sits back, looking up at the ceiling, and sighs a little. _Caught between three worlds.... and none of them will accept me completely,_ he observes to himself, a bitter black cloud filling his heart. _What was I made for? Why am I what I am? Why...?_

His mysteries continue to go, but he is distracted by the ringing of his cell phone. Ghost Knight's phone.

Thomas snaps open the phone, creating by habit the modulated fakery that is the voice of one of the city's undead vigilantes. **Speak.**

"And that I will." The voice is unfamiliar. Chrisp, even, confident, comfortable. "Hello, Ghost Knight."

Thomas sighs to himself. Somebody observed the cell phone calling pattern, in all likelihood. Stupid useless unreliable publically-accessible tactics... **What do you want?**

"I just wanted to congradulate you."

**On?**

The smile in the voice is heard. "On Shawntae. You have him working for you now. You stole my pawn before I could snatch it up. Good show."

Thomas shrugs a little, finding himself both curiously proud and uncomfortable. **You gave away information. You have this number; you know of our involvement. I assume there is some point to this gambit, so please make it.**

"I gave away information?" Amusement filters into the words. "No, no. I merely intended to scoop up what you left behind. You picked up your toys before I could. I applaud you. I've been watching for some time, but now, you have slighted me. Never again. But I still acknowledge the point."

**You will find that I will more than slight you if you trouble the city or its citizens further,** retorts Tom into the phone coldly, eyes now ablaze. He does not like feeling as though he's been caught with his pants down, and that suspicion is now rapidly entering his thoughts. **We can continue this conversation in person, in the near future.** He hits END, then rapidly begins dialing Lydon's own number. Absolutely uncaring whether or not a human answers, he simply speaks his message when he's ready. **The cell phones have been compromised. I'll be in touch. You have until then to resolve a satisfactory communication system if you wish to enjoy my continued services.** The college kid slams the phone down on the table in frustration, then, squeezing slowly at it. His powers are at work; in moments, a shapelessly fused ball of plastic and electronics is all that's left.