The Ghost Knight lays, apparently senseless, on the floor of the bridge. Herculan leans down, his hand placed on the chest of the downed vigilante, absorbing his power. Seconds pass, while the alien's associates work feverishly at the controls to repair or bypass the damage done by the steel mace still embedded in the weapons-control console. Herculan looks up a moment to check on their progress. When he looks down again, he sees only his hand pressed against empty air. The Ghost has dematerialized into nothing.

"Find him!" Herculan barks, and one of the soldiers looks up from tending his unconscious squad-mate. He rushes for one of the exits, weapon slung on his shoulder, and the other soldiers run through their radio-check drills to be sure that a call for help will get through. Midway through their check-in, the lights on the bridge snap off.

**You thought to feed off my life-force as you would a mortal victim,** a directionless voice emanates, and Herculan orders his men to go for the emergency lights. The sound of soldiers flipping switches is heard on the bridge, but nothing happens. Then the alien feels a slight breeze, and hears the sound of footsteps to his left. He turns and fires, his blaster illuminating the bridge for a split-second, but nothing can be seen. Something seems to be obscuring his vision, and he recognizes it after a moment. Every source of light, ultraviolet or otherwise, is gone from the bridge. And again he hears footsteps.

The alien identifies them after a moment; they are the sounds of the soldiers, moving around the bridge. "Stay where you are!" barks Herculan, focusing on the footfalls. Again he hears the heavy tread of the Ghost, sneaking up on him, and he whirls, firing his blaster again. In the brief flash he can see a figure fall - it's hard to tell, but it seems to have the black and billowing outline of the Ghost. Then the sound comes again - the cursed pest has gotten up! He fires again and again, seeing the cloaked superhuman fall twice. And still the footsteps come. He hears the Ghost, sneaking up on him from behind, and smiles confidently, turning stealthily and readying his blaster for a _coup de grace_. The sneer is still on his face as he falls unconscious.

---

The air in front of Ming ripples slightly for just a moment, as Guy turns to focus on the downed Ming. He turns up towards the flying jet pack man, and grins. _Yeah, let's see your fancy schmancy weapons beat out Time..._

DarkGlow jaw tightens as he sees Ming fall, but the shadows around the third and final man still do nothing more innocuous than roughly pin his limbs to his torso. A dark glance is aimed somewhere above the plane's roof, however. _You're next, flyboy..._

The intercom between the two captured men squack up to the flying gunman. The gunman adjusts his rifle, blasting a wide beam that rakes over the darkness-cocooned men. The light exposes them, and almost instantly the two are on their feet, guns in hand, moving underneath the plane. A yell from the third man draws the beam, freeing him. He makes like the others, diving under the plane.

The rocket-powered rifleman wheels around to face the cockpit, sweeping his gun towards the cap, before shaking his head and instead aiming to a palm tree beside the jet. One shot sends the tree falling forward, across the hood, its' leaves spraying over the cockpit glass.

DarkGlow comes close to swearing aloud at the bright beam from flyboy's rifle burns through the shadow bonds holding his comrades. He feels for the shadow zipping around in the air outside and causes it to coalesce around its point of origin. _Hope flying blind isn't too much of a pain..._

When Clarity gets up, her patience has worn rather thin. She turns to one of the soldiers and lashes out, her projected telekinetic blast slamming the man into the air backwards, smashing him into a tree with an audible crack of bone and wood.

The rocket powered mercenary flies right into the open hanger of the jet, his rifle held at ready as the jets shut down. "I know you are in here," He announces, stepping out of the hatch and putting his back to a wall. "Get out of my plane." He clicks a knob on the rifle.

DarkGlow is slipping through shadow as the merc speaks, and slips his shade's blade between a couple of ribs as the rifle's knobs click. Few whisps of shadow cling to him for defence, should the other manage to spin and strike back. _Eh, you pays yer money and takes yer chances--something this clown should know well. Let's just hope it's more expensive for him than it is for me..._

Seeing flyboy duck for cover in the jet, Ming will take the chance to slam that door shut good and tight, holding it with more power than she expects her adversary to be able to muster.

The two un-hit men, hiding behind the wheels of the jet, take aim and fire at Ming. One misses, but the other sears right through her hip.

The flyboy steps away from him, de-impaling himself from DarkGlow's blade. A couple of quick steps forward and a tight spin sends a bolt from his rifle to splash against DarkGlow. DarkGlow staggers, but only slighly.

Quickly recovering from the minor hit, DarkGlow thickens the shadows protecting him and sends more tendrils out to physically grab the other.

Guy seems to split in two... to anyone who can make out the details of the detective-shaped blur that suddenly fills the space between two of the hapless mooks. There's a loud THWACK as Guy takes down one of his foes... though the other proves to be a little more resilient.

Clarity turns her attention on the man left standing. The man who shot her. She doesn't hold her grudge for very long, lashing out and smashing the man into the jet with an incredible burst of telekinetic force. With a growl she turns to look for her next target, her fists clenched and shaking.

The man Ming had knocked against a tree rolls around and hunkers behind the tree, putting it between him and the others, looking for an opening. He sets, and fires at Guy.

Guy picks up a rock, and concentrates on it. He flings it at the fellow, intersecting with the bullet's trajectory... it creates a rather interesting distortion, watching the air ripple like that... well, Guy thinks it's interesting. Most others will just see a blur strike the fellow in the face, leaving him seeing stars.

DarkGlow stares at the other for a tense moment before concluding that the fist of shadow is holding the former flyboy securely. Blade formed and ready to be plunged into flesh once more, he cautiously strips the other of his rifle and sidearm and tosses them well out of reach. "Care to tell me how to remove that rocket on your back, or should I just go ahead and cut your throat? Not much profit in that, I should think--for you, anyway."

Three of the palm trees fall apart, exposing very large weapons. The sands melt away as doors open, surface-to-air missiles raising upwards. Several meters off the ground, a bubble of transparent green comes into being, just above the treeline.

Seeing yet more threats to contend with, Clarity reaches out to the one and smashes it into the other. She grabs hold of one of the missiles, throwing it with collosal force into one of the rising guns, a giant burst of incinerated air erupting into the sky and flooding the island with a brilliant light.

The merc clears his throat, uncomfortably. "You could also always let me go." Continuing to speak, not allowing DarkGlow a chance to not take him seriously, "The three straps and buckles, along the hip, shoulder. That is the control rigging. The wires from the rigging are hookd into the rockets. They're braced underneath my armor, and the tanks are in the rockets themselves."

Guy watches as the missiles begin to fly towards the green bubble in the air... and, as one of the missiles is yanked out of its path and hurled into one of the gun embankments... Guy grins, reaching out to freeze the other missiles in place, caught between ticks of the clock. "DG, you may wanna get out here... I think GK has left the building."

DarkGlow initially reaches for the nearest strap with his shadow blade, then hesitates and draws one of his black metal blades from a sheath on his belt and redirects the shadows to cover him once more. "Hope they're not rigged to explode or anything--then again there ain't much profit in suicide, either..." He slices into the strap, with a bit of care not to slice much past the material.

The remaining gun that is an immediate threat to Clarity and Guy turns - to the still stunned, stumbling man Guy nailed with a rock. The muzzle erupts in an angry red blast, leaving the unfortunate man at the other side of the shattered tree, half buried in the sand.

The helmet turns towards DarkGlow. "It would be wise to unplug the rockets, in case you cut a wire. We might both go up in flames, and my tan is well enough, I think."

DarkGlow shrugs nonchalantly. "My tan always could stand for a bit of darkening... but perhaps not today." He does as the other advises. _What the bloody hell is going on outside?_

Clarity doesn't change things without good reason. She'll just loft a missile over to the gun, then tap it against it just hard enough to cause yet another enormous burst of flame, the breeze of the burst causing the mentalist's hair to stream behind her.

The far off gun swivels, and fires once more. The blast tears through the trees, winging the plane and is easily evaded by Guy, leaving a smoking crater of glass.

DarkGlow looks with some concern to where the noise from the blast dinged the plane. "I'm thinking we should go." DarkGlow takes a firm grip on the other. "You may like flying, but me--" They disappear into shadow and reappear below ground, in the closest corridor with shadows he can find. "--I have my own style."

Guy stares at the gun. "Oh man... that thing's pretty darn serious... uhm, take cover... yeah that's the phrase..." shouts Guy as he runs for the plane. "Let's just hope they don't shoot the plane and make it go boom."

Clarity will join Guy in seeking cover, though she's going to try and stay in position to take out that last gun. It's not like the thing has done much yet, after all. Though it does seem that there are no more random enemies for it to shoot.

---

Herculan and his 'buyer' have both been stripped of every possible shred of useful technology. The men with guns - from both parties - have been isolated below-ground, in the base's storage areas. The Ghost Knight has sealed shut the doors, vents, and other possible means of escape; only those with powers, such as the team itself, can come and go freely. And Lydon's pilot has been contacted, with the intention that he notify the industrialist himself of the party's prize.

After a short and rather painful instructional lesson from one of Herculan's aides, Tom isolates the bridge from the rest of the base and begins the slow and painstaking process of getting the system to respond. The weapons systems have finally been powered down (the hard way), but propulsion seems operational. "We'll be submerging off the Gulf of Mexico for now, and return home conventionally," Tom explains. "The U.S. Navy has their sonar arrays running throughout the Atlantic and would probably torpedo us if they saw a big mass like this coming."

Once inside the Gulf, Tom uses the communication gear aboard to begin placing a series of calls; his goal is to reach UNTIL, the international agency for super-crimes.

Once the call goes through, the Ghost Knight, Clarity, Guy and DarkGlow assemble on the bridge, with appropriate lack of lighting for those who are feeling shy. On the display, the UNTIL logo appears, and a representative appears. The Ghost sweeps a gloved hand over the bridge - and the two 'presents', Herculan and Lazer, still bound. **We've captured a toy of a man called Vulcan, along with the real estate agent responsible for it, and a buyer. You may recognize them.**

The officer looks at the pair critically, before obviously typing up something. He nods. "Yes, that second one is Juanito Fernando, "Lazer". A lot of people are interested in him. Good fishing." He pauses, and looks back expectantly at the Knight, waiting.

The skull pulls back in a leer. **You may recognize me too. We'll give you these, but in exchange I want something. I want whatever you have on myself, and on those with me here, wiped off the books.**

The Officer looks back at the Ghost with some consideration, before smiling wryly. "Done. And the contraband?"

The Ghost aims a nudging kick at Herculan. **Legal ownership does not concern me. If this being disagrees, he may name and locate the current rightful owner and you may deal with him as you wish. Barring that, we are giving control of the base and everything in it to a certain party; he will negotiate with you, and I am sure you will find him as reasonable as your demands deserve.**

Herculan stands at attention, merely grunting. The officer nods. "Give us his contact information, and we'll get to him within an hour. I'd like the issue settled before my men get there to pick up the offenders."

In due course, everything gets settled. Tom makes it clear that he will be sailing to American shores and that if UNTIL wants its prisoners and leads, it will ask the Navy to stand down. Fortunately nobody feels particularly inclined to fire first, and as Lydon dispatches a team to begin investigating the base more thoroughly, UNTIL's distinctive helicopters descend to the island surface. Herculan and Lazer are led out, along with their henchmen, and piled into the choppers.

As far as anyone knows, UNTIL will keep its end of the bargain. Whatever crimes the Ghost Knight or his comrades may have been accused of committing (or committed in truth) should be taken out of the group's records. There are certainly other enemies the team must confront, some known and some not. And for those who don't derive satisfaction from simply keeping dangerous weapons away from dangerous people, safety from the international super-police must be sufficient.