A beautiful park. Warm, sunny. Daniel is young, so young, playing hide and seek in the bushes. It doesn't matter with who; he's hiding. Huddled underneath the leaves of a dense bush, the boy can't be spotted. Which is a good thing, because if he pushed from the bushes, several men a dozen yards away would see him. They all have guns pointed at another who kneels, slumped, woozy a few paces ahead of them. The muzzle flashes as a sound pierces the unearthy feeling, the ugly keen of a telephone.

DarkGlow picks up the phone more out of subconscious reflex than conscious action. "Yeah, yeah," he mutters at the phone. "So--" It's then he feels the vibration in his throat and realizes he's vocalizing. _So he got shot. So what? What? What was I doing...?_ He looks confusedly at the phone, then casts back a few minutes--well, seconds--in his head. He shakes his head to clear it, then put the phone back to his ear. "So... uh... So what do you want?"

"We have a job for you." An all too familiar voice comes in on the other side. "It's a simple thing. All we want you to do is look around the place someone is holed up in, lock the doors, unarm any weapons, and get out."

DarkGlow banishes the remains of the dream--memory, whatever--from his head. "_Dis_arm any weapons?" he asks, slight emphasis on the correction for the benefit of the genius on the other end. "What kind of weapons are we talking about? Removing clips from guns, sure. Disabling laser defense grids or something ain't my thing. And _lock_ the doors? If they're currently unlocked, why not just go in yourself?"

"Simple firearms, nothing fancy. As for locking them, it's a matter of keeping the individual inside, In. We suspect he's asleep. Or busy. We don't want any trouble from him."

DarkGlow shrugs, more for his benefit than the other's. "Tying him up would probably be effective than throwing some deadbolts he can simply unlock."

A momentary pause on the other end of the phone before, "Sure, stick him to the bed if you want. Or bar the doors if you like. Take what measures you wish, but be subtle about it."

Resisting the temptation to sigh, DarkGlow capitulates without further argument, however cleverly disguised as 'suggestions'. Tossing the guy's place will assuage his curiosity more quickly than the twit on the other end will. "Disarms weapons, lock doors. Fine. Address?"

The address is given. A house in Dearborn suburbs. "One last thing. There will be a vial of blood in his mailbox. Smear or spill it around the tub or sink in the master bathroom. Run some water over it to appear as though it was cleaned up. Make it look like a cleanup attempt. I'm sure you know how to do that."

There's no point in telling him the he'd never bothered before--jobs were either messily chopped into to make a statement, or qietly suffocated if no attention wsa actively sought. "Sure. Of course. Dare I ask who the victim was?"

"A jogger in Millenium Park. The blood is a precaution in case he is very good at being tidy." The phone hangs up. Dial tone.

DarkGlow looks with mock dismay at the receiver. "But we haven't discussed my fee!" he exclaims in overwrought aggrieved tones. Muttering to himself, he dons his cloak and heads out.

The vial is in the mailbox as promised--he mutters "Planting evidence--how low have I fallen?" to himself as he regards the blood--and shadows from streetlights are easy enough to come by inside. He creeps quietly about the one-storey, remaining invisible just in case even though the only occupant is the man sleeping soundly in his bed. Extracting the semi-automatic pistol from his nighttable is the only mildly challenging thing; removing the bullets from the clip is done outside. While casing the joint, he keeps his eyes open for anything to identify the man and perhaps clue him in as to why he's really there. In the washroom, he leaves a few drops in a trail to the sink, splashes a few drops in there to simulate washing bloody hands or something, and then spashes the remainder into the bathtub, as if a bloody garment had been tossed in, or a bloody man had taken a shower or something. Let the investigators try to figure it out.

A towel extracted from those in the linen closet is soaked in water and then used to clean up the blood--which is to say, it is no longer visible to the naked eye, but that's about it. Flicking his eyes elsewhere, a corner of a sleeve is dragged through a blood drop a moment before the towel obliterates it. _Why not, though I can't say as I have easy access to any DNA labs at the moment..._ He double checks the door's bolts--and the windows, too, while he's at it: _One must remain professional even when one feels like an ass..._\--and then slips back outside just the way he came in. The towel and vial vanish down a sewer a block or so away. He arrives back home and brews himself a cup of tea.

---

Ming is spending some 'quality' time at the makeshift lab she has prepared in the warehouse. She has commandeered a few computers from the university, allowing her to more easily handle the results of her experiments. "It's a strange thing, becoming a super-hero," she muses, thinking she is alone. "And here I thought I might one day come to have the largest autograph collection of heroes in the world.." She laughs softly, pausing to consider. "I imagine I still can.."

Ming sighs softly, looking over at a locking mechanism. "Stupid thing is always jamming!" she mutters. She moves slightly, but bumps into the desk. "Dang it," she mutters under her breath, "Let me free," she demands of the desk, and abruptly it shudders, then nearly rolls over, a sudden jolt going through it, as if struck. The contents of it naturally go tumbling, and Ming's computer just barely survives. The noise of cups and books crashing onto the floor shows how much she didn't catch.

Lydon pushes through the door to see the wake of the tumbling materials. "Ah, miss Ming." Pushing inside, hands catching in his pockets, "Considering the stressful situation we've been going through with Foxbat, I havn't had the chance to talk to you."

Ming rushes to pick the things up, visibly shaken by the strange occurance. "Lydon! I.. I don't actually know just what happened.." She frowns and looks at a broken cup, "Sorry about the mess, I'm not usually so clumsy." Before Lydon can help, she adds, "Don't worry, though, I'll clean up the mess!" Just as she moves to continue the cleaning, though, all the scraps and broken pieces rise on their own.

Brow rising, Lydon takes a seat along the side. "So, you definetly bring something to the team. Ghost Knight brought you here, so he must trust you." The last bit is made with an air of skepticism; the vigilante did mention something of her being a telepath. "What's making you stay with us?"

Thomas unobtrusively arrives, slipping through one of the outside doors, as himself - sans armor, he's just an ordinary college boy, undeserving of notice. He steps quietly, drawn toward the lab, but saying nothing.

Ming stares at the floating bits of trash, tilting her head curiously. "Strange.. I can feel them," she whispers. "I can feel the flaws along the edge, the weight.. there are fiften pieces of the cup there." She looks to the trash, and the scraps move slowly over, and then she waits. "Now.. this has no happened before. Anything I hold I should be able to let go, right?" For a time, though, she can't. The junk even shakes a bit, as if she were trying to flick it off her telekinetic 'finger', but all to no avail. "Ahh, wait.. of course." She nods her head at some idea and the items fall into the trash can.

Lydon watches with interest, then notices Tom from the corner of his eye. Turning, the student is pointed at, and accusingly, "You're late."

Thomas shrugs a little. "I have a lot going on," he says softly, without further elaboration or explanation. He waits around, looking as though he's loitering out of curiosity about something.

Lydon shakes his head, sliding up from his seat and walking over to Thomas. "Well, we need to get your retinal scan. Security measures that I'll be putting into the warehouse shortly." A hand claps Tom's shoulder, as Lydon walks the man to one of the room's corners. "Just stare there, at that crack; it will scan you." With a hidden smile he walks back to Ming, taking up the desk. "Here, let me help..."

Ming turns to Lydon, "In any case, of course he trusts me. We're.. colleagues." That's it. "And besides, he's helped me in a way that I cannot easily repay. I'll stay around as long as I'm useful. I must admit, I never saw myself getting in this kind of situation, and now weird things are happening. I think I am going to take some samples. I should like to know if my genetic structure has altered."

Uprighting the desk, Lydon nods. "The Ghost Knight mentioned you were a professor at MU. Seeing what you're doing with the machine to find Foxbat, I have the feeling you're going to make a good member of the team. I'll get a radio for you set up, soon enough."

Thomas glances over his shoulder to make sure Lydon's not watching, then reaches out with a finger. The material of the wall indents itself as his writing finger spells out a small message: "Missing: Security Scanner 'Fluffy'. If found, return to Lydon Yamaguchi". Along with it he bothers to add a small, cartoonish parody of what he envisions the machine to be, then begins strolling back towards the other two, whistling.

"I'm not entirely sure that will be required, but I suppose it is foolish to rely too heavily on my other forms of conversation." Ming laughs softly, setting the surviving items back on the desk, including the computer. "So if you are the mentor for this team, Lydon, what is your goal? I have to imagine there is some purpose behind your efforts." She looks over to Thomas, "So are you here to goof off, or are you interested in doing some work? I need some help drawing a bit of blood."

"Well, in order to inherit the money my father has left me, I had to use some of that money to better the city. It's just one of those things he had impressed upon me. After discovering a lot of the corruption in the corporat eworld, especially with Grymalkin, I decided it was time to use that money to put more of a dent in the city's crime." A wave of Lydon's hand. "Here we are."

Thomas smiles blandly. "Draw blood? Sure thing," he says.

Ming nods to Lydon, then rolls up sleeve. "If you would be so kind, Thomas," she says, smiling. "So, the goal is then to just improve things. That seems simple enough. Simple, but not at all easy."