4:58am. From strange and incoherent dreams, Thomas Temple struggles his way back to waking life. He groggily wipes his eyes, then realizes he's already on the floor as he tries to get out of bed. He shakes himself free of the embrace of Morpheus at last and rises, scooping up his sheets and depositing them back on his bed. Before the mirror, he edges a razor across his skin, watching his less-than-pleasant visage reflected back at him. He grumbles to himself, trying to sort through the day's schedule.

5:14am. One shower later, Tom feels more alert. He slowly dries himself off as he's grown accustomed to doing, without a towel - each droplet of water is individually focused on and expelled from his skin as he stands dripping in the tub. The use of his powers is something he does not take lightly, under most circumstances, but at the same time, keeping an awareness of his own body and the potential (and limits) his gifts have is something that's become a daily habit. Dressing, he makes his way out into the hall and proceeds toward his front door.

5:20am. The University tennis court is unoccupied in the hours before dawn, and Thomas takes advantage of this to perform his arduous training regimen. In the year or more that he's performed the duties of a superhero (or perhaps simply a superhuman), he's kept himself in the best form possible. Machines are lined up on the courts, and rigged to fire tennis balls at a high rate of speed. Thomas walks the line across the net from them, moving swiftly at times to evade the incoming projectiles. A book floats near his head, kept there via telekinesis, and he absorbs the knowledge presented even as he dodges time and again. He spends several minutes at this business, taking several hits in the process - but succeeding at his evasion far more often. This done, he folds the book away and stuffs it into his backpack.

5:50am. Sustenance comes in the form of eggs, oatmeal and orange juice; efficient fuel for the constant demands of Tom's body. To save time, the meal is had over a terminal in one of the many computer labs on campus, this one barely open while the bleary eyed technician pokes away at the help desk. A newspaper beside him, Tom checks the Subway Rack; a news blog for Millennium City done by angry college students and the net savvy. New laws being hashed out over the City Council, a hit and run last night, a report about the downsizing of computer technicians in a company. Then something catches the eye: three pieces. One regarding the disappearance of the son to Millennium City's media mogul Edmond Arlington, the body of a bail bondsman found crumpled in an industrial trash compactor, and a professor at the University, no names given, has been receiving threatening letters and grafiti, police are investigating.

Filing these facts away, Tom gets up, cleaning up after himself, and strolls down the halls of the hallowed institution for learning that he calls "this dump". He remembers the layout as clearly as he remembers his own name, thanks to his unique mind; Michael Leffman's office should not be hard to find.

The Social Sciences building is distinct in the sloping, almost Gothic architecture of its' doorways and fancy little struts along the outside. The inside is almost hospital-like in decor; green floors, white walls, mood lighting above. Some student has posted 'This Is Not An Insane Asylum' on a bulletin board. Michael Leffman's office is on the second floor, in the office area of the Sociology department. The doors are not open, but that is no concern to Thomas; Leffman's office is marked off with police tape, secluding it from the others in the dark hall.

The little comics that most teachers post on the outside of their door, along with photos or other nicknacks, have been torn up. The inside of the office is a little worse for wear; books have been knocked off of lofty shelves in the tight, claustrophobic office. The glass of one or two photos have been broken, and racial slurs written here and there, and an ugly stain of some chemical has marred the carpet in the shape of a cross. The desk itself looks as though it has been merely been assaulted, but to Thomas's trained eye, it appears as though the drawers were rifled through, not simply disrupted.

Stretching out his hand to focus - Thomas has always believed in the unity of mind and body - the student draws on his uncanny sense of perception, sifting through the physical reality of the room and its contents. With a trained and practiced inner eye he puts to use the skills of a criminologist and detective he's gleaned from his college education and practical experience in the city. He seeks evidence, confident that no clue can be hidden from him, and that the only impediment will be a lack of data.

With perception raking through the room, Tom learns a few things: many people have been through here. The police have traced their feet across the carpet too much to leave any suggestion. However, he does find a few interesting things. A tiny piece of latex, along with miniscule flecks of powder, and a few trace pieces of soil. Reviewing the papers themselves, many of them seem to deal with classes, but a few more deal with grants, and sifting through the pile, a few pew particular sheets deal with several research projects on crime.

6:30am. Thomas walks about, seemingly in a casual tour of the grounds. In reality, his mind is active, searching for samples of the soil he perceived earlier. He distracts himself from time to time by further readings out of his textbooks, and from time to time he revises his schedule for the day, mentally watching his obligations pile up.

After a little bit of searching, the student finds a fresh pile of the same dirt, next to one of the outdoor pavilian areas; some of the bushes have apparently died, and cleared away, only to be replaced with new bushes freshly packed into the earth with.

With his hands in his pockets, and his head down, few would guess that Tom is engaging in a search. And yet he is, using his uncanny powers to scan unseen and undetected through the area. His mind works quickly, developing and sometimes rejecting contingency theories as he looks.

6:45am. In the Science Building, Thomas finds what he sought - soil samples, surgical gloves, and (most importantly) a footprint. He memorizes what he's acquired, then begins reviewing his knowledge of the university and its populace.

6:59am. Rubbing his forehead, Tom leans back against the wall of the Science Building. He's finished memorizing the list of groundskeepers and maintenance workers employed by the University; he's even got their work schedules. For now, he reflects, it's time to get a snack and prepare for morning classes.

By half past seven, Thomas is sitting dutifully in his Principles of Criminal Psychology class, watching the professor enter. He listens, bored, doodling in the margins of his notes, answering pop questions put to him from time to time and surprising those who don't know him well by giving correct answers despite his mein of inattention. Again and again he forces himself to focus on the class, reminding himself that laxity is the enemy of his chosen lifestyle. Still, it can't hurt to let oneself consider other subjects rather than what's at hand....

8:15am. Thomas finishes pinning a note on the seat where Chris Green usually sits for her Integral Calculus class: "I studied the alphabet today, but all I could think of was U". Smiling confidently, he strolls out before his sappy gesture can be discovered and he can be blamed for it. Patiently he stops for a drink of water, and considers his next move.

He's learned a name - Doran Coffman, the single student who is employed to work on the grounds and who has a class with the victimized professor. What he has to consider now is how to actually proceed. He as yet has no solid proof - merely a strongly reinforced suspicion.

Deciding at last that effectiveness outweighs secrecy, Tom heads away from the college - first making his way into the tunnels below the school, then rapidly acquiring and slipping into his armored alter-ego's wardrobe. Thus outfitted, the Ghost Knight makes his subterranean way toward the house of Tom's suspect.

The apartment is a tiny thing a mile or two from campus. A survey of the apartment in question - the address right down to the room number lifted from the records office - proves fruitful; someone's inside. Further investigation finds Doran, a young african american, eating cereal at the kitchen counter while looking over some papers.

**Doran Coffman.** The voice is cold as the grave, as empty and hollow as the night itself. It has startled grown men, unnerved hardened veterans and spoken words that cowed the Chinese fighting Tongs themselves. One college student will be no great obstacle. The Ghost himself is reclining up against one wall, behind the apartment's only occupant.

The college student in question nearly jumps out of his socks, cereal and papers alike forgotten as he wheels around. For a second he looks just confused. "Aw no. No don't tell me your here. You're here, though."

**Did you vandalize the office of the professor at the university?** The question is direct, uncompromising, and the voice that asks it seems totally unconcerned with such matters as surprise.

Doran looks away a second, and then nods. "Yeah, yeah I did. But what's it matter to you? Isn't this a little small for you to be handling?"

**Do you suppose that excuses your act?** The Ghost pushes off the wall, walking forward, his voice growing stronger, edgier, angrier. **Do you think that indignity is permissible in small doses?**

"Whow whow, hold up." Doran takes a steadier stance. "I wasn't elevating guilt. No need to get all wrathful up in my face. I just never found anything about you going for lesser crimes; I did a paper on you."

**Why did you do it?** asks the Ghost, simply. The rage subsides; the voice is once again cold, methodical, level.

"Dr. Leffman's doing several research projects," Doran explains. "One of them he used snowball sampling - you get someone who has a characteristic you're looking for, and ask them to bring in others they know who also have that characteristic. He was looking for larceny and burglary. People who **havn't** been caught. I knew some who've done it, and sent them his way. But the morons put their **names** on the surveys, and were going to kick my ass if I didn't get them back. I could've gotten into Leffman's office and found the surveys, but he's disorganized as hell. So I had to trash the place to look for it. And if I trashed the place looking for it, and they found the fact I used a key, I'd be expelled for likely looking for test answers, not to mention breaking and entering. So I made it look like a hate crime so they wouldn't suspect me."

**What will you do now?** This also is a simple question, though laden with implications, and the vigilante folds his arms across his chest, waiting patiently for an answer.

Doran looks uncomfortable for a second, but staring back at the walking corpse, he taps fingers nervously on the counter top. Squaring his shoulders, "I've all ready destroyed the offending surveys. I have several of them left. I'll take them back to Dr. Leffman and tell him I did it. It's up to him what happens next."

**We will both go,** offers the Ghost. He gestures loosely with one gloved hand. **Call him, and arrange a meeting. Tell him you know who is responsible.**

Doran doesn't waste time. The phone in the criminology lab draws Dr. Leffman. "When would be good for meeting you Professor? I know who messed up your office. Yuh. Okay. Where can we - somewhere private?" He says this, while regarding the Ghost Knight. "Okay, I'll be over there in thirty minutes."

The jaw of the skull pulls back in a disconcerting smile. The Ghost says nothing; inwardly, Tom sighs with relief, as it seems taking this course has worked out well after all.

9:05am. After having dressed and gathered the needed papers, along with his regular stuff, Doran drives onto campus with GK underneath his car. They arrive on campus, Doran moving straight for the abandoned class room in the Social Sciences building, waiting impatiently. Then Leffman comes in, a solid man in his fourties. "Mr. Coffman, thank you for coming."

Without alerting the professor of his presence - for the moment - the Ghost rises through the floor, using his powers to conceal all signs of his presence from the ears of the other man, and waiting quietly to see how the interview develops.

Doran lays out the situation, in quick, almost rehearsed summary. He did it. Why he did it. The professor's breathing alone says he's pissed, and even with GK's presence, Doran looks a little worried. Finally, Leffman speaks. "If I were your father, I'd hurt you. Your first mistake was not asking me for the surveys." Sounding like a scornful father, "While the police can subpoena the data for any criminal information, I'm not going to turn in information to the police unless there is any harm coming to anyone. Your second mistake was breaking into my office. Your third was _vandalizing_ it." He takes a deeper breath. "I should have you arrested. But I'm not. That will ruin your carreer history. You're smart, this was stupid. Learn from it. You will tell the police - but I will not press charges. You will be taken down town and held for a few hours, and then be released. I'm failing you from my class. You can take it over again, but consider yourself branded with an F for now. You will pay for my c

"You will pay for my carpet. You will pay for my damages," He finishes. Doran seems struck down, but fine. He nods. "Thank you sir." "Now, get out, go down town." Walking towards the door, Leffman turns. "Don't let this discourage you from pursuing criminal justice. Just don't pursue it in my classroom again." "Yes sir."

**Leffman.** Again the voice speaks; privately, Tom takes a peek at Doran's face, to see how he responds to the icy tenor of it being directed at someone else, and especially on his behalf.

Doran seems a little relieved - or maybe not, considering what else the Ghost Knight could do to him. Leffman looks startled, almost reeling for a second before rebounding. "Ghost Knight," He says, and tries to push it off as casual. "Can I help you?" Right down to business.

**You helped Mr. Coffman. That will.. suffice.** The vigilante extends a gloved hand, into which appears a business card from seemingly nowhere. He flings it, and the card gracefully arcs through the air before stopping to float a few inches from the professor's hand. **If you or Mr. Coffman experience difficulties, dial the number on that card. I will assist you.** And with that, the dead figure begins to sink into the solid material of the floor. Tom himself, though, is not content to merely make a theatric exit, and he trains his sense of perception on the room, aware of the movement of molecules and using them to channel any resulting conversation to his own ears.

Leffman turns to Doran. "Did he come hunt you down?" "Yeah." "Huh. He seems to be everywhere." "I did a paper on him, I never expected..." "He does good work," concludes the teacher.

11:30am. Thomas is halfway through a sandwich, and nursing a mild caffeine headache. He sits back casually, his eyes drifting over a copy of Doran's paper on the Ghost Knight. The open window behind his back sends a cool and relaxing breeze over the back of his neck, and he sighs as he contemplates classes. "Spooking people is so easy," he mumbles to himself. "It's studying that's the cold hard bitch.."

12:00pm. Tom's making his way to his second class, when someone grabs his arm and yanks him into a bush. Normally, he'd reacted with a sound thrashing, but the sound of Chris's laughter halts all reflex. "Gotcha!" She exclaims, before wrapping the man in a hug.

"Hey there," smiles Tom, when at last he's allowed a moment. "I was heading out to do my second good deed of the day. How are you?"

"Second good deed?" She waves the note at him with a smirk. "Who else are you flirting with?"

"A lovely photojournalist and college student," Tom confides, in a low voice. "Don't tell, it's a very sordid affair."

A shake of the journalist's head. "So, mind if I tag along then? Or is it secret business?"

"Well, I'm going to class," admits Tom. "But after that, sure, I should have some time. Ummm, hmm, actually, there is something that might help.."

"Okay! Well, I'm heading over to the cafeteria, and work on an article." A hint of excitement in her voice, "Arlene gave me an assignment and - oh, I'll just tell you later. Come find me when you're done?"

Chuckling, Thomas retreats from the safety of the bushes, and throws a jaunty wave behind him as he trots off. "Sure thing, I'll see you then!" he calls. And his spirits buoyed by his morning's victory and the noon encounter, he approaches his next class enthusiastically.

12:15pm. "Depression," drones the psychology teacher. "Depression is a condition found in all animals, including human beings." Some heads are lolled backwards in near-sleep; a few students are staring with fish-like detachment. Thomas has a glazed expression as he peers in disbelief at the man who purports to walk his students through the mysteries of the mind, half-expecting to hear 'Bueller' called next. "Organisms exhibit signs of depression as listed in your books on page 395..."

After the hour of bang-your-head boredom, Tom finds Chris on her laptop in the food court, pounding away on the keyboard while talking to someone on the phone. She smiles at Tom, but holds up her finger. "...and he didn't show up there? Right - I'd like to meet with you later. Thank you. Goodbye." Hanging up, Chris plays with the computer while hurriedly explaining, "Edmond Arlington's son is missing. The Post had a story on it, but they didn't do a lot of their homework, and I'm going to try and do something gutsy and get into the investigation. Arlene's always hammering 'ambition, aggression and attention', so I want to see if I can wow her."

"Yeah, that's my second good deed for the day," answers Tom. "If or when you get a lead, let me know, I'll follow it up." He smiles, and sits down. "Anyway, on a related note, there's someone I want you to meet. Got a few minutes?"

"As long as it's not your astranged son or something," She says off-handedly while shutting down the computer. Scooping it up into its' proper bag, "Sure, what's up?"

Ming looks at her watch. A quarter after one. She frowns in thought. Lecture starts in about twenty minutes. She hasn't prepared any notes, but she never does, nor needs to. Setting aside her newspaper she rises smoothly, sparing a last look at the computer screen and getting ready to get out of the office and go handle that learning thing.

Thomas is waiting to intercept Ming Tiaoning on her way out to class, and he has Chris in tow. "Hey, professor," he calls, from down the hall, waving and smiling. He turns back, explaining to his S.O.: "Professor Ming has helped me out a lot in the past, and she's got a lot of special talents and scientific disciplines under her belt. She may be able to help with your investigation too."

"She's a _teacher_? Either she's been spending a lot of time at the spa or... She looks so _young!_" Chris whispers to Tom as she gives a wave towards the geneticist. "Hi!"

Ming looks down the hall at Thomas and then to Chris. "Mister Temple," she says simply. She moves closer to them, offering a nod. "Now, let's see," she murmurs. "Perhaps you are here to ask a few questions, or maybe you wanted to talk about the lab work we have to deal with over the next week." She could just read his mind, but that'd be rather heavy-handed.

Thomas rubs the back of his neck. "Well, uh, actually, Professor," he begins, gamely, "I was wondering if you'd help us out.. or rather, help my girlfriend out. This is Chris Green, she's a journalism intern. I said I'd try to help her any way I could."

Chris looks back and forth between the two with a touch of an 'What do I do here' look. "I don't... have any questions for you, yet," she manages towards Ming, "But in the future if any do come up, I know where to come."

Ming hmms thoughtfully, her eyes tilting to study Chris more carefully. "I see. Well, there are many questions I can answer. You might be surprised by all the little things I've learned in and out of school."

"I'll keep that in mind," answers Chris, while she gives Tom a questioning sideglance.

Thomas rubs the back of his head and smiles. "Ahh, well then," he says, glad the basic introductions have been made, but uncertain just how he should proceed with the two women now that he's actually gotten them together. "Chris, when you do find out more, call me.. Professor Ming, can we call on you if that happens, later on?"

"Certainly," says the good Professor. "I'm sure I can dig up something of use when that time comes. Was there anything going on right now that brought you to me, or is this just planning ahead?" Ming smiles slightly and looks down at her watch. Still plenty of time. "I look forward to seeing your assignment today."

Thomas shakes his head. "Well, I wanted to share some thoughts with you if you have a few minutes, professor," he says, hoping to add enough meaning to signal Ming of his intention without tipping off Chris.

"I'll do what I can," answers Chris, to the side. "So far nothing has really truned up, it seems like he just vanished out of thin air..."

"Oh, someone vanished today?" murmurs Ming. "Now that is interesting." She looks over to Thomas, "Well, feel free to share. If you prefer we could talk in my office. There is some time."

Thomas nods, and waves to Chris. "I'll see you in a bit, okay?" he says. And that said, he begins moving toward Ming's office.

Ming pauses to nod to Chris, "It was really nice to meet you. I look forward to your questions." And then she's on to see just what is bugging Thomas so much.

With a fleeting shrug, Chris steps back. Checking her watch, she goes out the door.

1:20pm. Tom is sitting on the edge of the desk when Ming follows him into the office, and he waves. "I'm seriously lacking some Clarity on a few issues," he says, smiling. "Was hoping you could help me."

(( Clarity, hmm? Well, what do you need to know? )) Ming's sending is clear, her words are meaningless. "Well, it was a tricky question, number 6, but I thought you of all people would see the solution." Mindless babble to cover her telepathy.

(( Well, you know about me. Chris knows too, )) Tom thinks, knowing it will be received. (( I wasn't sure if she should know about you either. ))

(( If you trust her, Thomas, I do not have a problem with her knowing about me. )) Ming grins a bit and adds, (( So, how long until you ask her? )) She is clearly a little amused over this.

(( Ask her what? )) The thought is unclear. (( To deepen our relationship? Can't happen until business with my dad is straightened out. ))

(( Well, that really shouldn't be such a major consideration, but.. your father is a very persuasive and troublesome man. )) And yet she obviously respects him, too. "And now you see the solution," she says blandly, not paying any mind to her words.

(( Yeah. And this is another reason I don't mind revealing things to Chris, )) confesses Tom. (( The first and foremost reason is that she deserves to know. But at the same time, she doesn't deserve to know something about you that you didn't approve being shared first. So, I wanted to make sure. ))

(( You know now, just make sure she knows that my sister is unaware. )) Ming frowns for a moment and sighs. (( I'm still not sure how to tell her.. I'm not sure if I should. ))

(( I made my decision about Chris with one thought in mind, )) offers Thomas. (( She deserves to know, and she's mature enough to handle it. You gotta decide that about your sister. And when you think she's got it on both counts, you tell her, and not before. ))

(( I think I'll wait a bit more. )) Ming sighs and says, "Well, it's almost time for class, so we should get a move on." (( Maybe when she's more used to.. well, being able to walk again, for one thing. I want things more stable. ))

Thomas smiles and hops to his feet, gathering his things and heading out. "Thanks, professor," is all he says, and all he has to.

2:59pm. Thomas is sprinting with all his might. His muscles burn as he strains. He could use his powers, but so many civilians are in present, and he's not in costume... He runs, and runs, leaping over a bike rack and scurrying up the steps. Closer, closer, almost.. A few drops of sweat bead on his forehead. It's all or nothing.

3:00pm. He skids through the door of Applied Ballistics, breathing rapidly. The teacher looks up; some in the class turn their heads to look. Tom just grins. Breathing heavily, he moves to take his seat. "Made it," he tells himself proudly.

4:09pm. "Tommy," Chris speaks into her cell-phone, "I found something; Arlington's son has a bank account. Yesterday morning there was a withdrawl of a thousand dollars from his account. The ATM camera caught someone who's face was concealed at the time, and wearing gloves. Supposedly he's been missing for three days, and his father just didn't notice until yesterday when a tip that his son has been missing came into the Post. That's how it got into the media so fast; Arlington has control of his networks and wouldn't have let it out if it was something really dark."

"Thanks," says Tom. "Hey, come back to the professor's office and meet me as soon as you can, okay?" he asks. "'Bye." And with that, he begins heading over to Ming's office, a smile on his face. Things seem to be working out pretty well.

4:22pm. Chris hoofs it up the science building's front steps and up the stairwell, huffing by the time she reaches Ming's office. A few quick raps on Ming's door before she notes the door's open. Poking her head in, "Ms. Ming?"

Ming looks up from her desk, which at this hour is a littered with no less than ten books. All of them are open, all of them concern genetics, and she seems to be paying mind to all at the same time. Ming looks up and smiles, "Ahh yes, I understand that there are some questions for me?" She looks to her computer and frowns a moment, "I'll have to clean the database, so many sightings as of late."

Tom is present as well, and with a casual flick of two fingers, he sends a closed book spiralling up into the air, clearly visible for Chris's inspection. It lands just as smoothly and gracefully, and the student smiles at his companion. "Professor Ming knows who I am," he says, simply.

Chris shuts the door and presses her back against it, looking stunned. A glance at Ming, then back to Tom. "Really? Wh... are you just telling everybody?" She asks with a hesitant laugh. "Was I the last to know?"

Thomas shakes his head. "You aren't the last to know; you're one of the earliest, in fact. But you are the first I told voluntarily." He stares straight at his paramour, eyes focused. "Reflect on that, please."

That earns a more shrewd look on Chris's face as she glances towards Ming. "Blackmail? How'd you pull that tooth out of him?"

"And you will be the first to know of.. other secrets. At least among those who do not have their own things to hide," muses Ming. Her eyes turn on Chris then, weighing her for a moment. "In any case, Thomas, if you would be so kind as to.." Ming smirks just a bit, "Like I said, it's.. surprising what I know."

Thomas composes his features. "Chris, I should tell you, and I've permission to do so. Ming is a retired Babylonian god, living among us as a mortal." He musters this admission with an absolutely straight face.

For about six seconds.

Watching Thomas's face, Chris seems almost, almost swayed... before she returns his grin. "Okay, cute. Quit pulling my leg. There's enough veiled words to write a novel here; out with it."

"Alright, alright," says Tom, holding up his hands. "The truth is that Ming is a telepath and psychic," he adds, speaking more quietly. "On one occasion she happened to go en rapport with my mind, and she discovered my secret. Of course, I discovered hers the same way, so it was sort of fair."

"Life is like that," says Ming softly. "In any case, this little gift may prove useful to you. And there are other tricks that I haven't completely mastered quite yet, but may prove no less useful. Recent events have made it clear that sometimes just trying to find the truth requires the ability to handle a fair share of danger."

Chris's lips purse as she considers everything. Finally, "I do know that even if your powers are helpful, I can't exploit them too much. There is some journalistic integrity I would like to hold to; not to mention it looks a little suspicious when you pluck something out of someone's head with no hard evidence sometimes."

Thomas smiles. "Well, nobody's specifically advocating mind-raping someone for data, but may I illustrate one very useful tool telepathy can be put to? ... Ming, can you go en rapport with Chris and myself?"

"Certainly," says Ming. The offering hangs out for a moment, a gentle brush and then it creeps in. (( Now, this I believe is what Thomas wished to have me do. It's far easier than a phone, and more private. ))

"And it-" Chris frowns, trying to figure out how to talk properly through the transmittion. (( And probably you don't have to deal with cellular plans. ))

(( It's secure, and only somewhat personal. There's little to no danger of leaking unwanted thoughts, )) assures Thomas. (( Your normal reserves of privacy won't push things that far. It's also voluntary. You can reject it at any time. ))

(( Huh. Good to know. )) Chris looks back and forth. (( What else are you capable of? I know Tommy's got a lot of tricks up his sleeve. ))

Thomas responds to that somewhat cheekily, though entirely visually - he extends an arm and a business card slides out under its own power, stopped short as his fingers snap a light grip around it. He smiles and winks, but says nothing, preferring that Ming make her own demonstrations.

(( Well, if you want to really see.. )) Ming grins and for a moment, what was her office ripples, then fades, turned into a glass sphere floating, it would seem, in the depths of a glowing ocean. (( There are other things, yes. But these are rather foolish to use too often. )) And the illusion vanishes just as swiftly. "But talking is still a pleasant thing, when secrets aren't being said."

The reporter wabbles a second, almost taken off guard. She immediately takes up regarding the illusionary surroundings with wonder, before it melts away. "Yeah. Maybe it'll give you a headache too, if you do it too much."

"Not likely," says Ming. "But thank you for your concern. There are other things, still, but you have seen telekinetics before. And I imagine, well.. probably not this." And with that, Ming simply vanishes. After a few moments, she reappears to say, "Sometimes being seen is a very serious problem, don't you think?"

"Definitely," Chris says with a smile tugging at the corners of her lips. "So, you must have figured out Tommy's secret recently; Clarity just showed up."

"Very true," says Ming. "I'm glad to be recognized," she adds, sitting just a little straighter. She's a super hero! Glee! Well, she remembers herself after a bit and laughs. (( Anyway, it's a fun side-job, though it kinda distracts me from some things I love more. It's hard, sometimes. ))

Finding herself a chair, Chris settles down. "I can imagine. Dangerous too." A side glance at Thomas with that. "Now, unless you were just being friendly, you were offering to help me with your gifts, earlier."

Thomas nods. "I was serious about that, and I hope Ming will help too. Whatever you can tell us will be useful."

"Indeed," says Ming. "And since I doubt that you want me to sing for you or teach you about genetics, it involves a bit of mind play. So, what exactly is the question at hand?"

"I want to find out where the kid is. Now, I have a hunch." Chris lays out her claim: Arlington's son Jeffery was not kidnapped. A tip went into the Post that he was missing, but no ransom note has showed up. The police are either hiding evidence or have nothing. Arlington hasn't hidden the story so it can't be too sinister. "I think either the police are hiding something, or the kid maybe ran off. If it was some sort of kidnapping, they would have yanked out a lot more than a simple thousand dollars from his account. I think he skipped town."

Thomas nods slowly. (( Contact our computer expert, )) he suggests to Ming through the link, shielding his thoughts from Chris - exposure is not an all-or-nothing affair. (( Chris mentioned ATM withdrawal, he can tap into that and give us a search radius, as well as a lead on any new withdrawals. ))

Ming grins to herself and wakes her computer with the flick of a mouse that she doesn't even touch. Her mind reaches out, though, to Shawntae (( Have a little problem to convey to you.. )) And she swiftly begins sharing information and requesting still more.

4:40. Shawntae relays that there have been no withdrawls. He accessed the camera to the ATM, and no suggestion of who it could be. It did take place at an ATM in Rivertown. As soon as Ming relays this to Chris, the reporter lights up: Jeffery has a friend in Rivertown.

"I can get there a lot faster," volunteers Thomas. "And Chris can see and hear through my eyes, and ask questions through me, if she wants."

"That would seem safetest," says Ming calmly. "And we can all work quite comfortably, unless you need.. how did you put it again? Someone's mind raped. That was it, I believe." She smirks a bit.

Chris shakes her head. "No, I think it would be easier if we had someone who could tell if he was lieing. If he did skip down, his friends would know, and know _where_, and that information is imparitive."

Thomas chuckles. **I think I can be persuasive enough,** he offers. "But Ming can also detect lies, if need be. So what will it be, ladies?"

"If too many go it will be extremely suspicious," says Ming. "And curiousity can only go so far to justify things." The telepath frowns in thought and shakes her head, "I leave this to Chris, it is her pursuit."

Looking back and forth between the two, Chris leans forward. "Well... the Ghost Knight couldn't hurt... if you don't scare the guy too much."

Thomas waves a hand. "Nah, nah, it'll be just fine. Leave it to me."

5:17pm. Eric Dods is drinking a margerita he mixed himself - considering his age that's none too good - when the chill ran through the house. Turning off the video game, he looks up. The window slams shut. Standing up, that's when the first pulse ran through the house, shaking the walls, rolling the floor under him. Glass shatters as alcohol spills across the floor. "Help!" **There will be no help for you** echos through the house. Eric gets onto his knees. Shattered glass slides towards the teen before spelling in jagged words: Jeffery. "I don't know!" He screams, scurrying away. Up floats the pieces, the name floating towards him. Another pulse runs through the floor, sending the kid sprawling. "Peche island! He's at Peche Island! Just leave me alone!"

5:53pm. Chris finishes talking with a friendly man down by the docks, a fisherman who rents supplies for those going out onto the river or into the Great Lake. Apparently a teen came by the other day and rented a boat, payed in cash.

6:08pm. Thomas, seated in a small boat, cruises around the island before he locates the boat in question, hunkered down in a little cove on one side of the island. Covered by trees, it's relatively hidden from everyone around. Chris warns Tom that GK is not needed here; they don't need to scare Jeff. Chris, using some ingenuity Tom suspects Arlene did not teach her, untucks her shirt and ties it off just under her breasts. Rolling up her shorts legs, the woman gives Tom a smile before stuffing pad and paper into a water-tight bag, and leaps over the edge of the boat, swimming for the other water craft.

Thomas sits back in the boat, grumbling to himself about his girlfriend using her body for such purposes, and folding a small origami crane via telekinesis. He privately vents to Ming about his thoughts on this subject, not able to do much else about it.

(( Thomas, consider it like any super power, if you would. )) Ming is rather amused by Thomas' ire. (( You know, I can do that too, if I've a mind. Would you be so worked-up if I did? )) She highly doubts it.

(( I'm not dating you, )) grumbles Thomas in reply.

6:30pm. Wrapped in a towel, Chris explains as the boat goes back towards shore the skinny. Jeffery, caught off guard by Chris's presence and charm, tells the whole story and doesn't mind it going in the paper; he feels neglected by his father, who spends far too much time paying attention to the money rolling in and what news goes out where. Jeffery pulled some cash out of his funds and had a friend buy him some beer - which he had to share - and other supplies, then went to camp out on his own. While he wouldn't tell her about the tip to the Post, she suspects that Jeff made it himself, or one of his friends did, to drive the point home to Edmond.

7:45pm. Thomas is alone again. Chris has gone home; Ming has her own family to attend to. Quietly he lays on the topmost bleachers of the sports field at the university, lobbing a pencil into the air and catching it again, while he reflects. "Busy day," he says, out loud, speaking to nobody in particular. "Busy, busy day. Always is.." He glances out over the horizon, seeing the distant sun's halo still peeking out. "Guess I'd better go to work.." And he hauls himself to his feet, grunting in protest at the effort.

9:01pm. Liquor bottles erupt, spilling their contents out as deadly glass shards dance in the air. The keening whine of bullets hangs in the air behind the Ghost Knight's head as he ducks and weaves. The robber-gunman tries again, emptying the last of his clip into the merchandise of the liquor store. The Ghost is everywhere and nowhere; the darting black shadow closes quickly, passing effortlessly through the solid matter of rack after rack. He slams a gloved fist into the sternum of the would-be robber, and the man collapses with a long exhalation.

"Than.. thank you," gasps the proprietor, but at the Ghost's merciless glare he quails. The vigilante extends a gloved hand, eyeing the numerous broken bottles and spilled alcohol covering much of the store's surface. A flame ignites in his hands, an unsupported ball of fire that flickers about hungrily. **Mr. Callandish, this man was not an accident. He was here to send a message to you. I've seen your records and books; do not think to lie to me. Your gambling must end. For your sake. For the sake of your wife and daughter. Now. You can either swear upon your life that you will go confess to her and make amends, and I will attend to your former associates, or..** The ball of fire hangs menacingly over the flammable alcohol. **You can take one more gamble, with your business and your life as the stakes. The choice is yours.**

"I will." The voice is quiet, and the words took many seconds to come. But a man faced with imminent danger, when offered mercy, will often take the right course. This much Thomas Temple knows, and as he exerts his unearthly telekinetic talents to restore the shop to its former condition, he reflects that mercy is the one thing missing from conventional justice. Mercy and justice are decoupled in society; welfare is not tied to drug convictions, and aggressive job-placement programs and inmate rehabilitation are worlds apart. Only people like himself, those who see the lack and bridge the gap personally, can solve it. This thought sends a burst of confidence through him as he leaves the store, dragging a half-conscious burglar behind him, in search of a gambling ring. "Another typical day," he muses to himself, with a smile.

12:38am. Turning the alarm on, Thomas falls back onto his bed, idly rubbing at the spot above his ribs, a lucky shot with a crowbar that hurt for just a few moments. Shutting his eyes, he's confident in the knowledge tomorrow is another day, and it can begin again. Knowledge isn't always comforting though.