Four AM, Lydon is on the phone. "UNTIL called me. They're ready." A jet is being sent to pick up the Team while Lydon is still hashing out what to do with the aquatic base. The flight to Europe will take several hours, and will land in Genoa, Italy. There, an unmarked van will meet the Team, taking them just outside of Cinque Terre to meet with the European Division of UNTIL. On the way, they will be briefed with what UNTIL has uncovered.

The house has been surveyed, and they have an idea of the structure beneath it. A local hero was able to assist them in the reconnaissance. The underground structure is heavily fortified outside, and has an outer forcefield which prevents teleportation breaches. However, there is a weak spot, beneath the waters of the bay. A tunnel that stretches several miles inland, for changing of the guard, and movement two and fro of equipment, or in cases of emergency. The shields have to be turned down in this area for over two minutes to successfully open the door, go through, and close. Teleport inside during this procedure, and you're in.

The forcefields themselves run through an empty space between the walls, meaning an extra layer of defense within them. The only places the fields are visible are in places that are less fortified. One of these places is a ventilation booth - pipes coming up out of the rock. While not large enough for humans, but the Ghost Knight can fix that. They are gaps in the field that allow air to be drawn in incase of a lock down - which is likely to happen once the invasion begins. Still, there's no telling what kind of defenses might be there to counter someone, so it is likely a better escape hatch in case the fields cannot be brought down from the outside.

UNTIL will commence their assault two minutes after the team makes their jump inside.. The plan is to get in, bunker down, and wait for the distraction. That way if any emergency shields go up, they will be inside the perimeter.

Further information about Sinistra is given. Nothing is really known about her powers, beyond that she is a very dangerous, manipulative woman. When she worked with Vulcan, it was behind the scenes, and often she did recon work, or the hiring for him. Now, some suspect that she has her fingers in local politics, but there is no substantial proof about this. Only that when dealing with her, it's best to keep a cool head on your shoulders.

The van stops in front of a farm house, and the team is ushered inside. Seated at a kitchen table is an older woman with several bars on the shoulder of her uniform. She's flanked by two men. They stand as the four enter, and nod in acknowledgement. "Coffee's over there," informs one of the men, sounding French. The woman speaks, a thick Dutch accent. "Do you have any questions regarding the information and plan we have put forward?"

DarkGlow raises a hand, as if he was still in school. "Yeah, I'd like to know exactly when we graduated from stopping petty crimes to full-bore assaults on heavily defended quasi-military bases," he grouses. "I'm going to have to have harsh words with my guidance councellor when we get back."

**We'll want a truck nearby if we can't overpower whatever resistance is inside,** says the Ghost Knight. **Our objective is the weapons; whatever and whoever is in the villa is secondary.**

"Sure. So do we have a plan for getting to the weapons? I mean... why don't we just teleport in, grab the junk, then teleport away. And blow up whatever it is we can't take?" Guy shrugs. "I mean, if we could do that. Do we know if blowing up the weapons is an option?"

Clarity just stays quiet, for the most part. She's thinking next time she wants a real vacation, rather than the Lifestyles of the Rich and Infamous version. In and out, lock and load, this better go right. That's her thinking. (( Storing an earthquake bomb in your villa. What kinda dolts are these people, anyway? ))

(( They're the same kinda dolts who think a flowing robe and a cape with a collar that comes up about a foot behind your head is fashionable attire, Clarity. )) At least that's Guy's opinion on the matter.

The commanding officer looks puzzled. "Weapons? We were informed to do recon on this place, and amass some intelligence on what you were dealing with. It would have been nice to know what you're going after while we are giving you the benefit of a diversion." She glances at Guy. "And, the force fields prevent any sort of teleportation in or out, so you're on your own inside unless you can get to the surface into the house we're bombarding, or through one of the two exits."

(( I wonder if the shields are really strong enough to stop my breaking through. )) Clarity hmms. (( Then again, Vulcan was both paranoid and ingenius. It seems we have to sneak in as usual. We're so good at these subtle exercises. ))

"Yeah but you say the shields go down in the area for two minutes though, right? I mean, I can be in and out of there in waaaay less than that toots." Guy considers, "Presuming of course there's nothing in the way you know..."

Thomas waves a gloved hand. **We were hunting super-weapons; we needed a strong confirmation of their location, which you have now provided. They would not use such things against you.**

The commanding officer nods. "Good." Spreading out OEM sheets on the table, "These here are radar etchings of the building." She shows the pictures. It looks like the subterranean part goes deep. "We suspect it could be three or four levels deep. Whatever you are looking for inside, god speed in finding it. We will give you ten minutes, and then we will retreat and re-flank. Send us a transmition when you are free." A second paper, a map of the general area, is presented. She taps a spot down by the beach. "We will have a truck here, in case you take the second exit. A truck will be hidden at the exit to the tunnel. Be careful, there are night vision scanners inside the tunnel, but I think that one of your men can blind them, correct?"

"So... why can't I just speed the two of us up so fast that in the space of a few seconds, we can get where we're going and you can open up a path for us to wherever it may be? I mean, am I crazy here or something?" Guy considers a moment, "Don't answer that."

Clarity looks over at Guy. (( Mostly because life is never that easy for us. )) She looks to the officer and then to the plans, memorizing them. (( I think I should try some recon of my own, perhaps. ))

Thomas shrugs a little. **We will find a way in. And out.**

---

From there, the group takes an SUV along the beach of Cinque Terrie. They see the Villa down the coast. It's grand, with sweeping walls and balconies. A prize for any rich family. But they have work to do. Parking the SUV, everyone gets out, and DarkGlow goes first. Teleporting into the tunnel, drapes shadowy webs across the infra-red cameras, before signalling for everyone to follow. They find a place to hide, as the gate rises, and eight men walk out. A quick teleport shuffle in, and around a corner.

The waiting begins. It's tense, but not a danger; things have been worse. Above, an explosion goes off, and then alarm more close to home. The sound of running feet. Shouting. ...twenty nine, thirty. Everyone fans out into the large corridor, metallic and futuristic. The hall splits in two directions.

"So," DarkGlow says in an undertone to GhostKnight. "What's where?"

A long, central shaft protected by a force field is a void in the Ghost Knight's perception. Since nothing that proves to be crucial is in his 'sight', everything they need is likely inside of it. Taking the left corridor, the Knight leads the way towards the central shaft. A single turn draws them closer, but there's something blocking the way. A simple in-table in the middle of the hall, with four envelopes on top of it.

"You know you're in trouble when..." murmurs DarkGlow.

Each envelope has a name written in flowing script on the outside. "Clarity." "Guy." "Ghost Knight." "DarkGlow." Inside each envelope is an invitation in gold embroidery. "You are cordially invited to dinner, my dear unwelcomed house guests." Sinistra.

(( Suffice it to say that the element of surprise has been lost. )) Clarity considers things for a moment. (( Maybe we should just start tearing the place apart? I'm not really hungry. ))

The first sign that something is very wrong comes to the Knight's perception. The entire compound just goes hazy, like some fog has creeped into his vision. He can't see anything clearly, cannot feel the ground beneath him.

(( So... this is the part where we leave right? I mean... this is a trap. You know it's a trap. I mean, even I know it's a trap. )) Guy looks a bit worried.

(( I hate to steal and run, but... No, wait. Actually I don't. I'm with Clarity. )) DarkGlow sends.

(( So, anyway want me to make us a stairway? )) asks Clarity. (( I have no intention of messing around with these clowns. ))

Distracted from something at the table, GK nods and steps forward. He kneels, placing a gloved hand on the floor, and a moment later the sound of shrieking metal being wrenched emanates from below as his telekinetic power punches a hole through the reinforced armor of the floor.

For a few moments, nothing happens. Then a rumbling comes from below. A thunderous roar, before from the darkness of the corridor below, water erupts in a flooding geyzer, hitting the roof and raining down. The table is overturned as the hall begins to take water. Guy, DarkGlow, and the Ghost Knight get wet, their skin prickling with cold. However, Clarity feels nothing, seeing it for what it is; something's gotten inside of their mind.

Swearing at the sudden cold, DarkGlow reflexively gathers shadow and shoves it wholesale down into the hold, hoping to cork it. He apparently succeeds--the flow is cut off.

(( Sinestra is on the bottom level, and something is shielding her. )) Clarity frowns. (( That was all an illusion, of course. She's not powerful enough to trip illusions on me, it seems. I'll have to throw the gauntlet down on her in some other way. She's not alone, either. There are a lot of people down there capped off the same way. Ghost Knight, can you find a real water source on this level? ))

Thomas shakes his head. **Aside from that below us.. real or not.. I can't feel anything particularly near,** he reports. After a moment, he adds something else. **I'm.. being interfered with. Do not treat my senses as fully reliable.**

(( Oh great... so what the heck do we do about all this Mental Stuff? You know my mind ain't the strongest when it comes to psionic sorta things... )) Guy taps at the floor, (( You're SURE this thing isn't real? ))

(( There, now that that mess is done. They have something to mess with our minds. I suggest we total this place without any restraint, else we're going to have a lot of trouble. )) Clarity is frowning a bit, though, (( This won't be easy for me to keep up forever, you know. So let's do something damaging and fast. ))

**The place to do that is down the shaft,** suggests GK. **Clarity, continue to ward us. We'll continue doing what we sought.**

With a bit of a wince, DarkGlow withdraws the shadow from the hole in the floor and is relieved when the torrent does not resume. (( I can't speak for everyone, but I'd sure rather have something I could hit physically... Illusory water? Feh. Well, at least it wasn't acid. ))

(( Just realize that this protection makes me essentially unable to provide any other aid. )) Clarity isn't exactly thrilled by that fact. (( I can't even figure out what is causing this yet. ))

DarkGlow shrugs. (( If we can hit it, you can be sure we will. ))

(( Oy. Well, maybe we can break whatever it is' concentration... once more into the breach then? )) Guy looks down at the hole... (( Ah well. It was nice knowing you guys. ))

(( We rely on each other, )) replies Tom, mentally, then steps forward over the hole, dropping through.

The first thing the Ghost Knight sees as he falls into the tunnel below are two blasing bolts of energy. The first misses, the vigilante gracefully arching over one, but the second kisses him in the chest, sending him flying backwards and scrapping across the steel floor. Sitting at the other end of the hall are two chrome chariots, and inside, bronze figures, holding shield and spear.

"I'll need a bit of help getting down," Clarity murmurs. "I can't flit about and maintain our defenses at the same time, it seems."

Clarity's part in this contest is not a big one. She does serve as a tempting target, sitting in front of the charge with no sign of defenses. Instead, she waits until the very last moment to drop the intensity of her mental shield, freeing up just enough of her strength to vanish to the other side of the room, far away from the hungry lances of the charioteers. A moment later, the force wall springs into full power again.

The sound of battle issuing from below narrows DarkGlow's attention instantly. A pair of shadows move with great rapidity beneath his feet--natural targets. With only the barest of plans, he vanishes and reappears in the target's own shadow. Its movement is so great however, that immediately a swipe with his blade would cut only air. Instead a fine, fine, tendril of shadow races out and spears one of the wheels of the contraption and the rotation forces the wheel against the sharpened shadow, ripping into it. It flies apart and the android veers out of control.

Guy does his thing. That is to say, when they come charging in, blasting with energy bolts from their spear tips, or swinging their spears... he's there ready to stop 'em. Although it looks like he's straining under the effort of slowing their attacks down to the point that they can be dodged easily enough. In fact, a blow on the back of the head with one of the spears has him go cross-eyed. "Ooof..." He shakes it clear and nods to DG, "Alright. I'll distract this one, keep him kinda frozen... you and GK take 'em down..."

The Ghost had fallen near one wall; clapping a hand over his chest, he sweated with the effort of concentration as his gift re-knitted his body. Now he leaps up, fully intact, and charges. His fingers slice down, imitating the motion of a knife, and one of the spear-hafts comes off to land into his outstretched hand. He spins, twirling the improvised weapon in his hand, and completes the turn by jamming it through the armored neck of one of the automatons. A spray of sparks emits from the damaged thing as he withdraws.

Though crashed against the side of the corridor with one wheel shredded, the android is still more than capable of retaliating. It points its weapon at DarkGlow and triggers a blast. DarkGlow winces as the shadows protected him absorb most of the blow, and then grimly returns the blow. Advancing step by step, blast by blast, the shadow and metal spears duel, blasts hammering DarkGlow and piercing the android. The metal spear falls silent first.

"Have I mentioned how much I hate metal things?" DarkGlow asks, out of breath, going over and sliding painfully down the wall. His torso feels more bruise than not. He's afraid to prod his ribs for fear of discovering one or more of them broken.

Rounding a corner, the team continues until finally the hall opens up into a large room, with three other hallways lead from it. As everyone moves inside, the hall they left slams shut under a steel door. At once, the ceiling comes alive; crossbars in a mirrored checker pattern heat up, before sliding out of the ceiling come guns that travel along the crisscrossing beams. Below, the floor tiles light up beneath the team's feet, drawing the barrels of several guns overhead.

Under the storm of energy, in an attempt to evade the blast, everyone scatters, various attacks thrown up to dislodge or destroy the guns themselves. Three guns fire at Clarity, and with her evasion they miss her, and blow a crater in the floor she stands on, sending her falling down below. Meanwhile, an enormous force wall in an X pattern falls across the room, seperating Guy, Ghost Knight and DarkGlow. The only way out is through the hallway they are sealed up beside.

---

"Well..." There's a brief stream of expletives from the detective as he realizes is predicament. "I'm stuck, aren't I. So..." He looks around, "I suppose there's no real way of getting out of this thing... except..."

Guy turns and walks down a hallway, barren of anything of interest, before coming to a door on one side of the hall. Feeling drawn towards it, he reaches for the knob, and steps inside, into a foyer. Flowers are set on a table off to the side, next to a guest list. The halls are quiet and empty. Before Guy, there are open double doors. Soft, somber music plays in the back ground.

(( Come in, come in... Echo Base, this is Rogue Leader... er... Guy. Uhm, anyone out there? )) The detective looks around curiously. "I know this is all some kind of illusion, but what the hey..." He looks around, peering at the guest list... "Hmph. Wonder if I'm on there... probably not."

The guest list is empty. The stationary reads "Sanfield Family Funeral Home."

"Huh. Wonder who died..." Guy looks around, scanning for signs of life... or undeath, because hey, you never know. "Hello? Anyone there... who is NOT dead?"

No answer. Guy proceeds into the double doors, and finds the casket open for the viewing. Staring up at the ceiling is the detective, all prettied up. Yet there's no one at the viewing; the chairs are empty, quiet. The place is dead.

"'Course I'm probably stumbling into a trap here. I mean, for all I know the chairs are death rays, and the coffin is a freakin' bomb. Or something." Guy considers. "Well, I'm not playing anymore."

"He didn't play, either," says a voice beside Guy. Some woman, dressed up all in black, the veil of her hat hiding her face. "He should've never been turned away by his teammates." She shakes her head, and walks through Guy, towards a side door.

Guy, being the thoughtful detective that he is, uses every resource available to him. He puts his fingers in his ears, and starts to sing, loudly, "La la la la la la la la..."