The 'lair' is where Ming has been quite often. Her training has continued slowly. Very slowly. Until something just started making sense today. The message to Thomas was rather excited, and probably more than a bit baffling. Ming just kept saying 'it all makes sense', and wanted to show someone just what she has learned. Thomas was top of that list, naturally enough.

When Thomas arrives, he will find Ming in her usual part of the lair, but for once she's not got the music blaring, though it is playing. She is sitting in the middle of the floor, her eyes closed. She doesn't look up as he enters, but says, "Hello Thomas." In the next moment, she's standing up, right in front of Thomas, half-falling into him. She reaches out to grab his shoulders and laughs softly. "Well, it's.. it's a start," she says simply. "I've never done it so far before."

Thomas backs up, though not far enough to relinquish support. "What's a start?" he asks curiously.

"I can teleport," says Ming softly. "And.. other things. Probably more than I know just yet. I used to see everything as separate, now I see that I've been tapping the same force the entire time. It's like learning that you don't just have a hand and feet, but have an entire body holding them together, letting you crawl, jump, and run."

"I see," says Tom, still not sounding quite clear. "You've been experimenting with your psychic gifts?"

"Yeah, you could say that," says Ming. "You know, I thought you'd be more excited for me. I've made my first breakthrough ever since I first started using these silly powers. Now there's some logic behind them. It's like discovering the calculus of metaphysics. I dunno. I'm just very excited, and wanted to share it with someone, and well.." There's really nobody else she can even talk to about this.

"Excitement isn't the problem," smiles Thomas. "Understanding is. So slow down." He steps away, looking thoughtful. "It sounds like you've unlocked umm, a basic 'thread' of ability in yourself that leads to different endpoints. Basically, the mind connecting to other minds, to the body, and to space and time itself. Which admittedly is pretty fuckin' amazing."

"Well, I was working with my teacher today, and he finally got me to find a mind in a crowd," says Ming. "It was the first time I managed to do that. He said it was a bridge power, something that lets me finally put together a web or map of how my powers really work. And then I started feeling how it works later, and I found out I could teleport. This is the first time I managed to move more than an inch. It's so strange!"

"The experience of it?" asks Tom curiously. "Or just that you can do it?"

"It doesn't really have a feeling to it. I just.. hm." She pauses, trying to think of how to express it. "It's crazy that I can do it at all. I know a lot about physics, so this is hard to accept, really. But I'm getting used to it. It's like the world is itself a mirror of perceptions, in a way. It's not that simple, really, but essentially it's like I'm convincing the world that I'm at another place, and I just am."

Tom shakes his head and smiles again, having seemingly gained some mental traction on the topic. "I don't see why it's so unusual," he explains. "I can move through solid materials because this --" With a solid blow he puts his foot down, hard, on the rock beneath him. "-- This stuff, isn't even real. Electrons are clouds of 'I might be here'. Apparently solid particles are made up of very desolid stuff. Matter and energy teleport from place to place apparently at random."

"As far as we can tell," agrees Ming. "You know, maybe I can start to unravel more of these mysteries, in time." She bounces a little on her toes, as excited as a young girl with a present. "I'm just.. really happy. I don't even know what the limits will be."

Thinking back to his own experiences, Tom's smile wanes somewhat. "Oh, I think you will discover some in time," he says.

"I'm sure I will, but that's okay, too," says Ming. "I feel like I can do so much more, now. I used to have all these hang-ups in reading a mind, and they are falling away, now. I knew where you were and followed you all the way here. I couldn't do that at all, before." She grins impishly, "There's no telling just what I'm capable of. It's like the sky is the limit right now."

"That's good," smiles the student. "That feeling is important. I'm not sure how much of my experience helps you, but feeling capable is the key to actually using the power, at least for me. Treasure it as much as you can."

Ming nods quickly, "I think for all of us it's similar. Not completely alike, of course. Some powers are probably a lot more logical than mine. I think the next thing I want to really work on is using telelkinesis to push off of things. I think I might be able to use it to fly, but I'll try to be patient."

"Take your time," agrees Tom. "But if you get frustrated, try something else." He smiles a bit, regaining his accustomed mood. "You, at least, should be able to lift other people with ease."

"I am pretty sure I can," says Ming. "Oh!" She looks down at her hand and laughs softly. She holds up a deck of cards, of all things. "I'm able to bring them with, this time!" She looks around, just to be sure no cards were left behind. "Yep, all 52 of them! If you were here the whole time, there'd be some embarassment. I kept teleporting out of my clothes by accident."

"That's odd," muses Tom. "Drop a card for me, and let me show you something."

Ming grins, draws a card, shows it to you. "Ace of spades, huh?" She drops it, then, obviously amusing herself to no end today.

Thomas retrieves it from the ground; a flick of his fingers and the card obediently comes to his grasp. Then he flings it, with a terrific velocity - his telekinetic power is poured into it. The deadly projectile veers toward Ming, stopping scant inches from her skin. At that moment, it's as though it had no momentum at all. It merely flutters out of the air, brushing past her on the way down toward the ground.

Ming tilts her head, studying the fallen card. Her confidence in Thomas keeps her from recoiling as the card whips towards her. She looks at him curiously, then, wondering how exactly Thomas' powers work.

"There's a boundary around you. Your aura, if you will," explains Thomas. "It's not that I'm just that good and was showing off. It's that my particular powers can't penetrate another being's living aura. But this is good news for you. Instead of teleporting your body, teleport yourself. I'm sorry if the distinction is unclear, I'm not sure how better to explain it. But that field includes you, your physical body, your clothes, whatever's in your hands.. Basically, whatever you THINK of as 'part of you'."

Ming steps forward, offering a hand. "Trust me?" she says simply. Her smile shifts, from excited, to utterly calm, and it's clear that she has something in mind, and is suddenly very sure of something. And she wants to share it with the one who made it clear.

Taking Thomas' hand, Ming steps closer. Her eyes study his for a moment, and then she nods. There is no sense of motion, and there's not even a hint of jarring as there was when Ming shifted the first time. The pair are just across the room, exactly as they were. With an easy smile the professor steps back, nodding. "I just have to feel that I really want something to travel with me, I think. It's a kind of fondness, really. I felt an attachment with my clothes, then the cards. And then you."

"Right. You take possession of something, or you become one with something," says Tom, with an approving grin. "Your being meshes with something else's."

Ming nods slowly. "I haven't really developed a full terminology for it, but eventually I will," says Ming. "I think it will help me try new things. For now, though, I have gone from barely moving, to altering my position, to moving with another person. All in a few hours."

Thomas chuckles softly. "Don't literally shoot for the moon," he warns.

Ming laughs, "I don't think I'd want to do that.. even if I pulled it off, the arrival would be bad. It's just got a bad atmosphere, you know?" She giggles a bit. "Just can't quite do that yet."

"You can learn to do some very sophisticated things, though," Tom says. "If you work at it. So tell me more about this deep understanding. Can you describe it?"

"I can try," says Ming. "I used to reach out and touch minds. Like reaching out with a hand and touching someone. Or knowing someone's phone number, if they are a bit further away. Now it's like seeing a wide ocean of conciousness, spread out across the entire world. I can feel it, and search for individual souls in this wide place."

"Now when it's a matter of teleportation," begins Ming, "It's like I'm forcing my conciousness outward. I grasp for another piece of reality, and I'm just there all of the sudden. I think in time I might be able to do something similar without actually completely moving. I might be able to just look around and keep my body safely behind." She ponders for a while and shrugs, "It's hard to discribe. I'll understand it a lot more soon. The next session tomorrow should help solidify things."

Thomas nods slowly. "Or desolidify them," he jokes.

Ming grins, "You might say that. I'm still at the stage where I'm learning a new physics. I'm not sure yet what rules may limit me. I'm assuming none right now. I want to avoid blocking myself. I'll try things carefully and let my powers decide their limits, rather than inventing them on my own."

"I think the natural idea now is to see how this new understanding can help us work together," says Ming. "We know how to heal together. That will still work. I wonder, though, if we can blend our understanding of the world. I've looked through your eyes before. You can see incredible details in the world. Perhaps we can find a way to see everything at once?"

Thomas nods slowly. "My problem in pursuing someone, for example, is if they go into a crowd. It's just a big black ocean at that point and unless I have a visual too, I've probably lost them."

"I can penetrate that," says Ming. "And I think with the details you give me, even someone who is otherwise a stranger could be tracked." She grins and taps her lip, "That might work well. I haven't tried a search that spreads the entire city. I found you because I knew the most likely places to look."

"Fair enough. And if you are linked to me, and to someone else, my powers will work on them," says Tom. "Healing is just the tip of the iceberg. If there are specific genetic changes that can be made to neutralize powers, for example, I can make them. The issue of confining a powered criminal might be moot."

"I also wonder what we can do with my illusion powers and your perception," says Ming. "Imagine having to work on a critically small system and being able to see it enlarged, interact with it, and with an ultra-fine telekinetics, have your modifications take place on the original scale."

Ming continues suggesting different ways that she can work with Thomas, until even her enthusiasm can't keep her from realizing how tired she really is. Even as sleepy as she is, it's hard for her to find any sleep at all. She just wishes she could share all this with her sister. Someday, perhaps. But not yet.