The path to the Adams' Mark is underground. The mourners who are going follow the path through the sewers and utility tunnels several blocks. While others are leaving, their purpose done, others go in groups, while more are likely to show up for the party and not the let-down tissue parade. On the way there, one in the pack turns towards the wall, head tipped to the side in scrutiny. Those familiar with the base would know that a tunnel in the network runs parralel to the utility passage. Two more steps bring the individual closer, before an associate hails him to "hurry up". With a final look, he trudges off to join the procession.

From there, up the freight elevator into the back of the hotel, and into the grand ballrooms. The security from before - hovering orbs, the idle-leaning multiples - are still present, but for the group as a whole, two rules are handed down: don't break anything, don't be stupid and go into the frequented portions of the hotel. Several migrate towards the well-stocked catored tables, while others mingle in knots. Over to the side, a charter for the evening's events has been posted.

The Ghost has been content to depart from the earlier proceedings with his usual subtlety. When no message need be sent to the onlookers, he makes no production of his arrivals and departures. And so, unsuspected by the guests - he fervently hopes - he makes his ethereal way through the physical structure, occasionally surfacing for air, pacing the funeral mourners.

Black Thought will consider things for a moment, then move over to take a look at the line-up for tonight's events. Once she's satisfied that she's memorized things, her mind turns back to the others present, making her way towards the food and wondering how safe it is to eat.

Guy has been punctuating his time at the funeral with a cackling laugh, or a derisive sneer. Text book... well... comic book villainy, to say the least. Of course the Detective is incognito, but, just the same he's managed to make a few contacts, and is trying to get more information, even if he does have to be subtle about it.

DarkGlow tries to remember if he had any pressing engagements elsewhere. _Err... Um. Did I leave the stove on...? No, right, I never use it. Crap._ He trudges along, keeping pace with the rest and trying to look as inconspicuous as someone garbed in a full-length, hooded black cloak can be--easily enough in this crowd, he figures, though perhaps wishfully. _I should probably vanish into shadow. But what if one of these thugs has radar or whatever those tin cans have that can still see me? Geh... I really should have just stayed put. I can't even see Clarity anymore..._ He cranes his neck briefly. _I really should have brought Sasha along as a date... except there'd probably already be blood on the floor. Never mind. Nothing to see here. Move along..._

Tonight's festivities: Silent auction, 11-1am. Round table discussions on security systems 11-12; planning for resistance 12-1; Horror stories and anecdotes 11-2. Karoke 11-3. The various rooms each event will partake in is noted on a small map of the ground floors' layouts.

A motley trio break away from the ballroom itself, to commence with a game of hacky-sack in the hallway, along with acrobatic leaps and wall-traveling. In one corner, a man in a stylized, hipster outfit begins spinning music without the aid of equipment. A slick-backed young tough in a seven-hundred dollar suit slides up to Black Thought, sporting all smiles. "May I have this dance?"

Black Thought considers the man for a few moments, then grins, "I think a bit of dancing might be just the thing to keep me busy." Well, it's not like she'll learn anything by avoiding everyone here, after all. And besides, she likes dancing. Hopefully he's not a complete clutz.

Something snags DarkGlow's attention. It crawls across the corner of his eye, but either from a visual perception or the inner-twang of something shade-borne is unsure. The shadows ripple near the corner, before one elongates and slides across the wall in the silhouette of a person. It dips into the deeper, collective darkness behind a divider, and out steps an asian-descented man with warrior written all over him. Mural fits the better description of the sprawling black dragon which coils over his torso and arms. The queue hangs down to at least respectable black slacks, and sensible shoes. DarkGlow spots him, and the fact the dragon-tattooed man sees him, just as quickly, in a sizing stare.

DarkGlow holds the stare, assuming that the mask of shadows normally hiding his face can be easily pierced by the other's eyes. _**Really** shoulda brought Sasha along, rivers of blood or not..._

Meanwhile, a somewhat sensible song for the purposes of dancing slides through the air. "You look familiar," croons Clarity's dance partner, dubbed "Jimmy the Saint". "But you're dancing on the tip of my tongue. Can't quite put my finger on it, even though I've spied you in the papers. The paparazzi know when someone's photogenic." He shines a pleasant, ivory smile like sharks are wont to do.

Black Thought is nonplussed, and she smiles impishly in return, "Well, I hate to miss photo ops, though it seems my name isn't quite stuck well enough if can't get off your tongue." She seems comfortable enough, dancing with the devil. "Perhaps you should just call me whatever seems to suit? Names are just costumes we put on for the occasion, after all."

Across the ballroom, the tattooed one prowls through the gathered, sliding between them, telegraphing power in every step. The stalk eases to a crawl two yards from DarkGlow, and for a moment, the stare just continues, before a simple nod is shot the shade's way, then a jut of the chin towards a corner.

_I'm gonna regret this..._ DarkGlow's eyes come off the other and flick towards the indicated corner.

Jimmy can't help but chuckle. "Far be it from me to want to put more clothes on Aphrodite." Through the slide of the dance, his fingers capture Black Thought's hair, drawing it through the digits with a slide. "Mm. How's Ebon Rose fit? Smells so good, looks so magnificent, but with thorns lurking for the wrong touch."

With the gesture, DarkGlow's new "friend" slips towards noted wall, to lean with crossed arms.

Black Thought smiles and nods, "Ebon Rose will do just fine." She wonders, though, "And what name are you going to wear this night? It's rather surprising, I didn't expect so many to show for this. I was a bit uncertain I should come. But it has hardly disappointed so far, and the night is so young."

DarkGlow inaudibly sighs. _I wonder what the odds are that I can just off this creep? Probably decent. Silently and unnoticed? No bet._ He follows, taking a similarly macho position against the wall. A distant shadow is held hard in his mind as he cocks his head to the side, waiting for the other to speak.

Jimmy can't help but smile, leading in the dance as it changes pace. "Why don't you just call me Yours." He looks out over the crowd. "Nice haul. Vulcan drew a hell of a crowd. A lot of made men and women come to pay their respects." Looking back to Black Thought, "I think it was worth the drive up from Chicago."

"Mine," says Ebon Rose, laughing softly. "Mmm, must say I rather like that. I'm quite possessive, and I enjoy having someone's full attention." She shows no sign of ending this dance. She begins to wonder just what this man might help her find out. "I wonder what he has up for auction tonight. A pity I didn't bring my purse."

"We are similar," intones the tattooed powerhouse in a voice set to a growl. Appraising DarkGlow while the war face melts into one of neutrality, "I am Shade of the Dragon." The only hint of a smile in his eyes is hidden as they are consumed in darkness, the patterned eyes of his tatto flaring.

"And your outfit doesn't have pockets", chimes in Jimmy. "I probably have no use for what's being hocked. My money goes for finer things." Though, that well-trained face has a crack in it, one shining light on a little white lie.

_Monosyllables. Let's not get too friendly._ "DarkGlow," comes the reply. _All right, bi-syllables may be acceptable. Damn it... what the hell am I supposed to do now?_

"Well, usually I'm not the one putting their hands into this outfit," answers Ebon Rose, a very amused grin curving her lips, now. "Nothing at all of interest in the auction? A pity. I was hoping he might have a few beautiful things to sell. I may just have a look later, though, to see what there is to see."

---

_Karaoke... that's.... that's too tempting to resist. Hmm, I suppose I can just stop in for a while after the Silent Auction. Er, just to make sure that there's nothing important in there of course. The other events are probably worth looking into as well. I should try and find the others._ Guy makes an attempt to find the rest of the team, though it's only as good an attempt as he can make on the way to the Karao-the Silent Auction room.

In the adjacent room, dozens of little tables have been set around the room. Atop them are three-ring binders consisting of pictures, blue-prints, and other information about the item up for bid. Beside that, a sheet for name writing, with the starting price depending. All ready half a dozen mill through the room, peering through the books, or jotting a name down. The times range from a bullet proof, stylishly armored 62' Roles Royce, to property on the Italian Coast and Phillipine Islands, to the deceased's construction notes for rail guns, robotic defensive systems, and even a book of 'Armory on a Budget: Constructing an Impressive Arsenal Out Of The World Around You", pinned by Vulcan himself.

Guy sighs, _That car would be SO worth buying. Ah well. May as well take note of who gets what though. At least this way we can pick it up after the face._ Guy gives a bit of a grin, and wanders around, checking out the bids. _Of course, I'm probably not the only one with this idea. Best keep an eye out for other suspicious loiterers._

The Detective makes a few bids, the book on constructing an arsenal, and one or two of the completed weapons is high on the list of things to bid on. Guy gives a bit of a shrug. _Well, done my duty. Now then... seeing as how I have a while to go..._ He strides out of the Silent Auction, and into the Karaoke room.

The karaoke room is more active than even the auction, what with a red-suited man in cheap shades kicking the living crap out of the karaoke machine. "This ain't music," growls Sparks, the man responsible for the violence. "This is cheap. Get some real instruments out here."

_Huh. Well, there's no accounting for taste, I suppose._ Guy looks around, wondering just who this character thinks he is. "Of course it ain't music. It's the sound of you kicking machinery. If you stop for a minute, I'm sure it'll make music."

Ebon Rose laughs softly as she enters the room formerly full of karaoke. "Well, if you want a real instrument, one stands before you now," she announces. "I think the microphone may work, even if the rest is not quite functional." She turns to pat the young mobster and sways away from him, using her hips to keep his eyes honed on her. She'll consider the mic for a moment, then look to Sparks, "You like blues?" she asks.

A lance of electric light arcs from Sparks' fingertips, igniting the shatered case of the much-abused machine and putting to rest any doubt about the question of repairs. "Only if you got your soul in it," he drawls in answer.

Guy chuckles, and meanders down towards Sparks. "I bet she does," he muses. "So, you wanted a word with me right? Let's talk. Leave the poor thing be for a while. We'll get some good music to listen to in the background anyway."

Ebon Rose seems to have plenty of soul to spare, though some might think she sold hers a very long time ago. Even without the machine her voice is more than enough to fill the room as she purrs out a sultry version of 'Adieu', all the while playfully flirting with her new mobster friend.

A third instrument joins the minstral fray, flirting with the sultry tones of the sax is the spirited, tickling melody of a pan-pipes. Afterwards, the pipes' owner, a Satyr made decent only by the thickness of fur and the bow-tie grins an eight-foot tall smile for the rib-high beast. "Nice set of lungs there." Judging by his eyes, the satyr's trying to check them out through her chest.

Holstering his sax in its' case like a baby to its' crib, Sparks slides off the stage and slips beside Guy. "The show's handled from here. Somewhere with fewer ears suits this just fine." With that, the red-suited musician leads Guy out, and into the hall, where nothing is really happening, offering them a semblance of privacy.

Guy follows after Sparks. "That was nice. Never heard pan-pipes and sax playin' together before. So..." He looks around, "What's the deal?"

"The deal is about a cock who struts too hot in the yard." Having poured out from the golden horn has left him in a good mood, soaking through with his whiskey-and-whine voice. "A fire that needs to be doused, and its' embers scattered in the wind."

"I see, I see..." Guy considers, "Is this the place to ask who?"

"The Windy City's big B, the fast-moving mouth that needs shutting." Passion swims in Sparks' eyes as the musician peers over his shades at Guy. "You're a new cat on the prowl. Help me out straight, and I'll slide your name where it should go."

"I see. Fast-moving mouth. Well, I'll need some more info, when you can give it to me, but I think I can put my brain to use for ya..." replies Guy.

"I dig. If you're down, we're out next week, butt heads with the crew and fill it all in." Spidery fingers lift to tap across Sparks chin. "What kind of ace do you bring to the flush, my man?"

"My brain." Guy grins, and taps his forehead, "And who knows, maybe after the auction tonight, some other fun toys."

"Ah. Your grey's flexing some real muscle. Straight." The slide of his wrist draws a card which he slides into Guy's collar. "Give me a jingle by Sunday." With that, he trickles down the hall with extra jazz in his step.

---

Ebon Shadow decides to give her date the night of his dreams. Or perhaps the night of his delusions. She'll draw him away from the more public eye, settling into a closet with him. Before his hands wander too far, though, her powers take over, and a few minutes later she's slipping out of the room with her usual grace, leaving him exhausted and very, very satisfied. Once he recovers, he'll probably wear a stupid, dreamy grin for hours.

On her way back to the public, a catorer slides a note into her hand. "For you, ma'am." Looking over the note is quite simple. "Miss Ming, it's nice to see you here. We will talk."

Ming will just have to look into this. So far things have gone well enough. Perhaps this is just an educated man who recognizes a gorgeous scientist when he sees one. And perhaps pigs have taken to flight recently. Either way, she's going to see just what he wants. She'll offer a polite bow when she gets near the Perfect Man, "You sent for someone?" she asks.

He favors Ming with an emotionless smile. "So nice for you to come." His voice is filled with mere pleasantry, nothing like the blue eyes that bore into her. "I had not heard a return from my gift of roses to you."

"I wasn't entirely sure what response was appropriate for such a gift," says Ming, more than a bit wary. She will speak along the mind link. (( I think I'm tired enough to go home now. )) "Plus I think it may have gotten me a fair amount of more official attention. The kind I don't really like."

"The unfortunate ramifications of a self-concious group of boyscouts. My apologies." He only supplies enough charm to keep those words from being stale. They become stronger, then. "I come with an offer." Gesturing to the side, "Let us retire to somewhere quieter."

"Very well," says Ming. "I'm sure it will prove interesting. I am curious to find out just what other works you've put your hands to."

Teleios draws the geneticist off to the side, where his vocals becomes soft enough for only Ming's ears. "My hands have been put to enough to make my name a household feature. Yet, the world does not trust me. I offer the roadmap of the genome to you, discoveries which might make you a Nobel assurance." His smile is half a shade from frozen. "If the potential of a career's elevation does not warm you, your wish is my command. Your parents passed on, unfortunately. I can return them to you. I offer you the world."

"I think it is best to not defy what fate has made," says Ming. "And while I am interested in what you have found, I could never publish it as if it were my own. I do not understand though.. if you know so much, why do you need me?"

His smile is as dark as the offer. "Through my vast connections and favors, I have come under the impression that you work in tandem with Lydon Yamaguchi. Yamaguchi supports a band of superheros. I would like their DNA, along with yours."

Ming arches an eyebrow, "A most dangerous request. I will consider it, though. Knowing what you do, I imagine you plan on cloning us." She purses her lips, "I cannot agree to it now. With others, such a price would seem low. But with someone who knows as much as you do.. it is far different."

"Among other things, your DNA would prove most useful." Seeming actually interested, "I hope to create a cataloge of the best minds in the world. Looking over your performance records, I offer you the honor of joining my collection of the world's intellect." He straightens up. "The choice is yours. I understand the apprehension."

"For now, I must consider it," says Ming. "It is flattering to be asked. I just have to think it over. Tonight has been something of an eye opener. A pity the auction had nothing to interest me, but it seems this wasn't a complete loss after all."

"I shall see if there is anything of worth inside. I always have use for trinkets." Teleios extends a card, before turning to disappear into the fascinated crowd.