A Star Chyld concert is not just an event, but a marvel. A week's warning, a flurry of action, and suddenly fans are packed-in to listen to her unique blend of modern and classical music. Tonight's show enjoys an extra kick of jazzy strings numbers between the soft ballads that the star has become known for. Once again she's found something new to explore, and so her fans get to share in it. By the time comes for Star Chyld to give the rest of the band a break with her solo efforts, the bulk of the crowd is already completely satisfied that they've had their money's worth. The rest will be icing on the cake.

Off in the peripheral vision of the performer, the uniformed security can be seen moving. Something is going on. Some sort of disturbance. But the way they're moving back and forth, consulting with their radio headsets every half-minute, suggests a confused situation. Nevertheless nobody is calling to cancel just yet.

This is not really anything new, exactly. Star Chyld has had a lot of incidents during her concerts. Which helps account for her reluctance to come out and offer her music to people very often. She goes on without much thought, though, trusting her people, and being quite pleased with the art she's creating. Her fingers glide over the keys of the piano like a paint brush, flooding the air with the blues as she sings.

The disturbance has moved away from the crowded area, it seems, because security is standing still and looking around. Then a black shape leaps, visible only for a moment, from one of the overhead struts to another one. Then it's gone. Concert security begins, slowly, to stand down.

Star Chyld isn't paying enough attention to notice something happening above her. Naturally, her mind is elsewhere. Faux ivory holds most of her attention, as fingertips shift and strike with an easy grace. Her voice does not falter, but comes out in a sultry purr.

The concert ends in the way Star Chyld and her fans are accustomed to. Only after the fourth time she leaves the stage is the concert truly over. The lights come on, allowing people to slowly wind their way out. Star Chyld is already back stage, settled in a rather battered lawn chair. Like so many things with her, there's a story behind it.

"Get him! Don't let him in!" come the calls. It seems security has located their intruder again. Shouts, and the sound of breaking wood, sound from somewhere. Then from overhead, as if out of nowhere, a black shape descends. It's a young man, wearing a long gray coat, blue jeans and a white t-shirt with a happy-face on it. He's got a pair of holstered pistols on a belt. He lands in a crouch, then rises quickly, thrusting his hand with deliberation into the concealing folds of his coat to grab at something.

Star Chyld has seen a lot of things in her time as a star. Crazy fans, stalkers, over zealous writers, but this one has her. She's so stunned all she does is stand up to say the first thing that comes to mind. "What are you doing back here!"

The young man is handsome, with wild brown hair and flashing green eyes that sparkle mischievously as he looks up. Out of his coat comes a pad of paper and a pencil, which he thrusts forward in offer. "Hi!" he says with a smile. "Could I get your autograph before those guys get here?"

Star Chyld was trained in self defense, of course. All stars are. She's been taught how to deal with emergency situations like this so many times. All those lessons are forgotten right now, though. She reaches out to take the paper and the pencil. "Alright.. what's your name?" she asks.

"Uhh, that'd be ...." The guy chuckles, glancing over his shoulder. "To 'Exodus' would be great, if you could." About then, four burly security personnel appear, converging from different routes. "There he is!"

Star Chyld's signature is a swift one. She signs it: To Exodus, may fate smile upon you, Star Chyld. As usual, she adds a few x's and o's, and with a last, quick motion, kisses the paper, imprinting her lipstick on it. Something about this whole situation leaves her grinning impishly. "I don't think I'm in much danger," she says simply, hoping that it is true.

"Well, that is..." Exodus is interrupted as three of the men rush forward, arms outstretched to grapple him. "Can we talk more?" he asks, and puts out a hand... A brief but irresistable flash, and the pair (and the lawn chair) are atop Star Chyld's trailer, a short distance from the concert venue itself. The security men are nowhere to be seen.

"Oh dear," says Star Chyld, looking around. She shakes her head, "Now they will all be nervous and looking for me, and if anyone finds out I've vanished, well.." She sighs. "You know, it's so troublesome, sometimes.. and umm, what did you want to talk about, exactly, Mr. Exodus? I don't usually meet people like this." She looks down at the trailer and laughs, "You know, I've owned it for four years and I've never stood on top of it before."

Exodus laughs and shakes his head, smiling. He waves his hands quickly as he protests. "No, it'll be fine." Taking back his pad and pencil, he scribbles a short note on it, then rips it from the pad and holds it up in one hand. The note vanishes in a brief flash of light. "There, that'll explain everything." He hunkers down and sits, curling his legs beneath each other in a lotus. "Well, let's talk about the trailer then," he says, brightly. "You don't seem to do a lot of touring. Do you own your own instruments, or what?"

Star Chyld sits down with him, on the top of the trailer. "Yes, I do. Well, a few sets of them, really. The sets at my home are the best, of course. I get to tend them myself, and have them just the way I like. Sometimes it's nice to play a different pianos. They each have their own soul, like each other, but different."

The guy nods slowly, adjusting his coat a little bit as he listens. Away goes the pad, with its autograph, and he stays attentive and silent. "And different instruments are right for different songs, yeah? Because each song has its own voice too?"

"Of course," says Star Chyld. "Are you a musician, Exodus?" she asks, sounding a bit suspicious. "You know, I've had a lot of attempts to get me to join other people's projects.." If not so weird as this.

"Me?" Exodus sounds surprised, even a little shocked. "No, no.. I don't play anything very well," he says at last, with a smile. "But I like music a lot."

"Ahh, well," says Star Chyld. "So you brought me away from them to ask about music, then? That's safe enough. Was this the first time you've been to one of my concerts? I imagine with your gifts, you could have seen quite a few." And without paying, she suspects.

"Well, first concert, yeah," he admits. "But I have a lot of your music anyway." Also, probably, without paying. "That's why I was so excited to see this show. I thought about going up on stage before, but I didn't want to interrupt you, so I waited." The way he talks, one would think he was the nicest guy in the world for not interrupting the show.

"I don't think that would have been a very good idea, no," says Star Chyld. "The guards might have tried something drastic. Some of them do have guns, you know." She silently marvels at this odd man. "You aren't going to kidnap me or something crazy like that, are you?"

"Kidnap? No, no, no..." Exodus smiles, then thinks of something, and looks down at his own waist. "Oh yeah, guns! They really do have some nice ones. What do you think of these?" He stands up with a rapid, energetic motion, holding the flaps of his coat back and modeling the firearms. "I found 'em on those guys from earlier. I think they were kind of upset."

Star Chyld raises an eyebrow, but tries not to show any nervousness. Who knows what he might do? "I don't like guns very much," she says quietly. "They seem to only have one purpose, and I don't approve of it very much."

"Oh? Sorry.." He unholsters the belt, and it too vanishes in a flash of light. "Well, I thought they looked pretty good on me," he says, smiling as he sits down again. "So I guess you don't give concerts because you worry about crazy people and kidnapping and music offers. Any other reasons?" He seems to totally discount himself in any of those categories.

"I don't know," says Star Chyld. "I just.. like being at home. And when I'm here, I'm not really making new music, I'm just rehashing old things. When I'm at home, it's quiet when I want it to be and I can work all day, if I want." She idly wonders to herself if everyone has nice chats with men who essentially kidnap them.

"Huh. That makes sense," agrees Exodus, nodding sagely. "Is it that easy to make new music, though? Just go home, drink coffee, and do it?"

"Depends what you mean by easy. It's not fast. It just comes when it wants to," says Star Chyld. "You don't just sit down and write. You walk around, listen to the wind, relax, and the next thing you know you have to start writing. It just seems to happen."

"I can understand. A lot of things in my life are like that," grins Exodus. He shifts about on the trailer roof, getting comfortable. "Things just sort of happen around me."

"I can imagine," says Star Chyld. She can't help but smile a little bit. The situation is rather absurd, really. "So what do you do when you aren't putting a panic in my security people?"

"Oh, I try to enjoy life," smiles Exodus. "You know, go on vacations, take care of a couple kids, drive a lot, immerse myself in culture.. Nothing really special."

"You have children? That must keep you pretty busy," replies Star Chyld. She tries to recall if that means Exodus is less likely to be a psycho murderer or not.

Laughing, Exodus shakes his head. "They aren't my kids. I just take care of them," he explains. "They like you too, and... Say." He retrieves the pad again. "How about it? 'To Timmy and Kitty'? Really it's Timothy and Kathy, but they like those better."

"Of course, but.." She grins and asks, "Can you get us in the trailer? I don't usually just sign pieces of paper. I have pictures there I can sign, or maybe something better?" She tries to recall why she is really inviting him into the trailer. Nope, no reason except to give away a better autograph item. She wonders if he's half as crazy as she is.

"It's right below us?" he asks. A sheen of light covers his eyes for a moment, and he seems to peer about as though looking through the roof. "Oh, sure. Here we go.." Again he reaches out, and the flash of light engulfs both figures..

The inside of the trailer is a bit on the messy side. Not with discard cans of beer or drug paraphanelia, but rather with sheet music, pictures, and a magazines. There are no less than ten guitars lying about, as well as a couple saxaphones, two clarinets, and a violin. "Okay, now.. let's see, what was it I was looking for," murmurs Star Chyld, trying to orient herself. Exodus may notice that a lot of the papers lying around are fan letters, most of them with partially completed responses lying nearby.

For his part, the teleporter settles in easily, finding a seat and getting comfortable. Again he reveals that trait that signified his initial arrival and conversation on the roof above: he seems at home no matter where he is. "This is really nice," he remarks in admiration.

"It's a bit of a mess, right now, I'm afraid, but.." She finds what she is looking for easily enough, and draws out three pictures. They are each different. One with guitar, one with piano, and one showing her lounging on a bench near her home, a pen tapping at her lip as she writes. "Which do you think is best for Kitty and then which is best for Timmy?" she asks. "Or you can pick your favorite first. Whichever you prefer."

Exodus scratches his head a moment. "They'll really get me for it if I choose wrong," he admit with a nervous laugh. "Okay then.. guitar for me, Timmy gets writing, Kitty gets piano." He thinks a moment more. "Yeah, they'll like those."

Star Chyld laughs softly, "I don't think it'll be quite so bad as that." She signs with the same ease as before. She does have to pause for the lip part of the signature. Fresh lipstick is swiftly added and then pressed to the paper. She even slides all the pictures into envelopes. A cd is deposited in each, as well. "I suppose they won't mind having a bit of free music. This is my newest work. These are three of the first set of cuts. The studio did a good job with it."

"Wow!" Exodus receives these gifts with the gratitude of a man who crawls out of the burning desert and into an oasis. "This is great. They're going to love this," he says, with conviction in his voice. "But, I didn't get you anything in return.." He muses on this for a second. "What would you like?"

"I already have what I want," answers Star Chyld. "There's really nothing else I need. I can make my music without any problems." She considers for a bit, though. "So you can teleport anywhere?"

"Uh, sort of." Exodus rubs the back of his head, smiling. "I have places I get a fix on, and can go back there any time. I can go anywhere I can see, at least. And I can take things or people with me."

"So where do you really like to go, Exodus? There must be some amazing places you've seen," says Star Chyld. "You must be able to go anywhere you want."

He laughs. "Oh yes. I have a lot of spots I like. Umm, let's see. Tahiti, the Caribbean in general is really nice, umm, Paris, Hawaii, though that's getting pretty crowded these days, southern Italy during the late summer or autumn, Japan..." Smiling, he seems to get an idea. "Do you want to go on vacation? I could give you a nice vacation in return."

"I can't just leave for days, though," says Star Chyld. "There are people who would worry, and no note would make them feel better about it. Besides, you've already got security looking for you. By now the police, as well. The media will have a field day."

"Oh, well, the note said I was going to Tahiti with you anyway, so it'd be no trouble," says Exodus, in his best reassuring voice.

"I don't think you really are understanding," says Star Chyld. "If we go to Tahiti now, the police will be looking, the press will know about it, and they'll hunt me more than ever because I'll suddenly be interesting again. It takes a lot of time to bore them. I'd rather not go anywhere just yet. I'd have to settle some things, then I could maybe see where you can go."

Exodus gets a blank look on his face. "Oh," he says. "I'll have to update that note then.."