Lydon sits across from Tia, with Shawntae and two other gentleman. "Tia," Lydon begins, "This is Hal and Carlos. They're going to implant a few things into you. Nothing major. But after the Ghost Knight gave us your schematics", we found a way to place a few extras into you. Merely a radio, so you can contact the rest of the team easily, and a computer uplink, sort've like a camera that we can view your location and what you see/hear. For recording purposes."

Tia blinks and looks over to Lydon, standing as she does, whether sleeping or awake, "I see." She answers non commitally, as she eyes the two new gentlemen. She hesitates... "Cou..." She says, then breaks off.

They look at eachother. Lydon leans forward. "Come again?"

Tia blinks, "I just.. wondered where Ghost Knight was.. that's all" She looks straight into Lydon's eyes, expressionless is her tone and demeanor.

Lydon frowns. "I'm not sure, exactly... But as soon as we get the radio in, you can contact him yourself."

Tia nods, and blinks, "Alright then... I'll go into standby." She blinks, then her from slumps, and she becomes unresponsive.

Several shadow-hops away from any of his curent teammates, DarkGlow pats a pants pocket or two for spare change as he approaches a pay phone. Reaching it, he swings down a black backpack containing, among other things his cloak and belt pouches, tugs his black baseball cap lower over his sunglasses and slots a quarter into the phone. _Now, what the hell was that number again? Not writing sutff down is good, but damnably inconvenient at times..._ After a moment of the dialtone humming in his ear, the number comes to him and he punches it rapidly into the keypad. A rather long second or two passes before ringing sounds in his ear. _At least they didn't change number again, unless Pepe's Pizza picks up, of course. Wish my comrades weren't such stuck-up loners, but it kinda comes with the territory. Makes getting info a lot like pulling teeth, however._ The line picks up, but the hissing sounds of cheery woman an ansering machine apologizing for not being are all that's heard.

He'd met the woman those bright tones belonged to--he rather hoped never to again. He suppresses a shudder at an unbidden memory involving an insult, a blade he never saw thrown, a gush of blood and a pleasant, happy smile that wavered not a millimetre--and even widened when her eyes met his. _You can never tell if she's happy, or about to bite you in two._ When the beep sounds, he reads the number of his shiny new pay-as-you-go cell, and hangs up. _Now to wait..._ he thinks, and looks around for a comfortable bench.

Three minutes pass. Tick, tock, tick tock. Then the cell vibrates in DarkGlow's pocket. The woman's voice fills his ear. "Yes?"

Clamping down on the butterflies suddenly swirling in his stomach--_Crap, she's getting the messages herself. I can tell this just isn't my day..._\--he replies calmly, brusquely and professionally. He hopes. "It's me. I needed some information."

"So it is," She replies as calm and sure as always. "And what are you looking for? Speak up, now. Unless you can't."

A glance around show him no one's paying him the slightest attention--or is even near to him. Nevertheless... He stands and walk towards a building. He makes an effort to put more force into his voice. "Sorry--cheap disposable cell phone. I've been doing some reading on the latest... unpleasantness with Dew Chemical." He heads into the nearest alley and vanishes--to the visible light spectrum anyway. Radio waves continue to find him. "I've got myself a bit of a job involving one of their people and I was hoping that there wouldn't be any unfortunate... conflicts."

There's a pause on the other end of the line. A rifling of papers, some background noise. After several moments, the voice resounds into DG's ear. "None. Though, who's the lucky mark, and the contractor?" An unspoken indication that perhaps this hasn't been noted anywhere, meaning the word hasn't reached them first.

He forces boredom into his tone. "It's a personal matter, for a friend of a friend. Something about some debt or other--I was distracted by a large amount of green crossing my palm, and since it involves nothing permanent, I didn't really care. You know nothing about the Dew incidents? I must admit, I don't recognize the style--it's similar if not exactly the same as what's been happening to one of Families as well, so I thought it might be related, but I can't see any connection."

"To be honest, I have yet to even pay attention to what ever is happening at Dew Chemicals. I'll have to glance over it, if you are on the situation." She sounds a hair dissapointed, before the chipper tone comes on. "Happy hunting."

He blinks, suddenly wary. _What...? Oh._ "Yes, I'll remit payment as usual. You take the good with the bad, and so on. If you hear anything about this, though, do let me know. And I'll, of course, do the same. I may even come out ahead, eh?" With a short chuckle, he disconnects the call. _Ah, well._

Dearbone is a suburb slaving over the 'God of the Automobile'. Home of where Henry Ford founded the Ford Motor Plant, this industrial area has become a city in and of itself, absorbed into part of Millenium City, and actually survived most of the Battle of Detroit. Off in one of the neighborhoods, a cookie cutter house resides, under the watchful eye of an unmarked police car across the street.

Guy looks about, curiously. _Ah. And so if I call up Dew, I might see if I can find someone willing to share therein._ The detective realizes that he's drifted off focus of the world around him. "Oh er... huh... uhm, what was I saying again?"

"You were asking, Detective," Arlene says while looking up from her laptop, "As to what the men that came into my office said, spesificly."

Thomas sits next to his girlfriend, Chris Green, who in turn sits next to her mentor, Ms. Raymond. The young man is quietly observing the proceedings; his face is sullen, and he seems thoughtful.

Guy blinks, "Oh hey, yeah. That's right. I had a bit of a hunch. So back to the question... what, specifically, did the men who came to your office say? And what, did they look like?" _As if everyone present doesn't already know._ "And what reason do you suppose you'd have been paid a visit by them?"

Arlene's cat, Jasper, looks insultingly at Tom, while curled up around his owner's feet. Arlene looks a little exasperated with Guy. "Hight ranging from 5'10 to 6'1. A motley crew of raw jawlines, one mustache, brown and black hair, and several shades of eyes. One had a scar along his chin. They wanted to know if I had any documented tapes or reports on the Ghost Knight spesificly, especially with any of his 'actions' recorded. Also detailed information about his motives, general modes of operation, etc."

Thomas sits quietly, distracted in thought. Internally, of course, he's considering and visualizing the men that his S.O.'s mentor describes. Might they come here, even now? Cops on witness-protection detail can be corrupted; and even the honest ones can be distracted or dealt with. He frowns, but continues to devote at least part of his attention to the conversation.

Guy nods, "Ah. Well that's interesting. It seems like a few people have taken interest in the Ghost Knight as of late. Before them, had anyone else contacted you concerning the Ghost Knight and information about him? Did they leave anything that might identify them?"

The reporter shakes her head. "No. I promptly left after an intern came in, and they followed me down to the street. I drove to a police station, which they stopped following me after that. I have only been contacted by tabloids, other reporters, and interested ... fans." The word is struggled out of her. "And the police on occasion, regarding the Ghost Knight."

Guy nods, "Ah I see. Fans? Huh. Interesting. Although I'd imagine you have a good idea of the affiliation of your assitant's assailants. Such as it is."

Arlene shakes her head, and looks over to Chris. "I didn't exactly here that, completely. I knew they came after you but, what happened?" "Well... um, Mr Neville and Tom here kicked them around." Arlene leans forward at this, and just Peers at Thomas expectantly.

Thomas smiles disarmingly. "That's how I met this guy," he explains to Chris, gesturing toward Guy. "He came around and did a pretty good job on them. And I sorta helped," he adds in Arlene's direction. "To you she's an employee, but to me she's special. You think I want her getting hurt?" And with that he settles back.

Arlene simply gives Tom a nod, but there's something in her eyes. Perhaps a little bit of respect, but she doesn't let anything else out. Glancing back to Guy, "So, Mr. Neville. What do you think, professionally speaking?"

Guy nods. "And an interesting way to meet... well anyone, really. But, someone pointed out to me the shouting and such in the park, and I stepped in to help save the day. Funny how things work out from time to time. As for what I think, professionally speaking, that the Mob is interested in the Ghost Knight, and therefore you. I'd say you're safe for now, but they're a tenacious lot."

"Mr. Neville, that's obvious. What I am asking is, what else is behind this? There's a reason they are interested in The Ghost Knight. Surely there's more to this then idle curiousity and boredom. The mafia does not act absently."

Guy nods "There is. I can't say what it is motivating them precisely, though my hunch is that it has something to do with the Ghost Knights activities and the deaths in the news lately. The Dew Chemical Corporation's been losing board members. So have they. Someone in the family eityher thinks he's behind it, or is using it as an excuse to rid the streets ofa do-gooder."

Guy is feeding information to a reporter. There's an intent gleam in her eye. This is interesting. "Really." Chris frowns a little. "I don't think the Ghost Knight would be killing business men... he'd run them into the police. He doesn't usually kill, right?" "Yes," Arlene agrees, "He doesn't, normally."

Thomas squirms a little in his chair, and extends a hand to tease Jasper, who claws at him. He pulls back quickly, smiling uncomfortably, but says nothing.

Guy nods, "He never kills, from what I understand. No, there's something going around calling itself Revenant, that has taken on the ability to alter it's form a bit. Like a cloud of mist. It may in fact be a ghost. It must have abilities similar to the Kniggit's to cause such a suspicion to be cast on the fellow."

"Tell me what you know?" Arlene inquires.

The detective explains the situation, censoring certain details to keep out of the papers. However, as he's finishing, his phone vibrates.

Guy answers it, slipping into his familiar greeting out of habit as he's distracted at the moment. "Guy Neville, Private Eye, if you need a case solved, I'm your Guy."

"Hello, Mr. Neville," Comes a rather smooth, comfortable voice. "Tell me. Do you value the lives of the people in the room with you?"

Guy says, "Well if you're askin' in terms of price? Let's see... they say when you reduce someone to their base Elements, they're worth about 79 cents..." While he says this, he adds, "But yeah," And draws it out. He hides the mouthpiece of the phone, and whispers to the others, making sure to not let whoever's on the other end of the line hear, "Hey guys, we're being threatened. Everyone grab hold and I'll teleport us out of here?"

Guy then speaks into the phone, "What's it to you?"

"I would also point out, if you're contimplating leaving, that the lives of the policemen watching your position are also in danger. If you feel like skipping out, be sure to wash their blood off your hands afterwards."

Guy says, "Eh, blood comes out, eventually. But I'd rather not pull a lady MacBeth. So what do ya wanna know?"

Chris and Arlene are looking up, Chris nervous, while Arlene looks sharp. She closes her laptop. The voice on the phone replies, "You've been seen associating with the Ghost Knight. You've also been snooping around on this situation. Now, you seem to know a few things that we don't. There's going to be a car driving by in two minutes. Mind taking a ride?"

Guy says, "Do I mind? Of course I mind. I mean, what do you think I am? I'm not devoid of mental matter. But as you're currently holding all of the cards, I suppose I'll have to comply, so they don't all get killed. Which is a bad thing you know. After all. I have to wonder who I'm riding with? Satisfy my curiosity?"

Thomas is tense as well, having inferred at least some of the phone call's true nature from what he can hear Guy say. He reaches out, resting a reassuring hand atop that of his girl's.

Guy then opens the door, to make sure the policemen are still alive...

The policeman in the kitchen - the door right off the hall out the front door - is fine. As are the police across the street. "You're driving with Jimmy the Shotgun, and a few others. Don't worry about it. You help us, we help you. Wait for the car. Tell no one." The phone goes dead. A foreshadow of the future?

Guy the Detective pretends not to notice the phone is dead and he continues speaking into it... "What kind of moron do you MAFIA types take me for? Jimmy the Shotgun and a few others? And you say if I don't go in the car that will show up in two minutes I'm dead, as is everyone else in the room with me? Fine. I'm going. BYE!" He then hangs up the phone, reopens the door and heads outside.

Thomas errs. "Uh... Mr. Neville? Excuse me?"

"Mr. Neville?" The uniform in the kitchen walks out, looking like he's finally on duty. "Is something wrong?"

Guy says, "Oh, impending doom. We've got two minutes, but what do you want?"

The uniform's hand goes to his gun. "Explain."

Guy says, "Well I was talking to him, but I really can't say anything about Jimmy the Shotgun and his crew driving up in about two minutes to take me for a ride under the threat of killing everyone else if I refuse."

"Well uh," the college-kid fumbles, trying hard to figure out what to do next. "Be careful, at least, okay?" He turns to Chris, looking worried. "Sounds like you guys are gonna be safe then, so I'm gonna go see if I can read a license-plate number or something, okay?"

Guy nods, "Quite safe. Unless they double cross us and try to kill you anyways. Which they might. So be careful. I don't trust them about as far as I can throw them. Now I'm off to go get shot in the back of the head a few times. If you have a tracer or something, I'd be glad to take it with me."

Thomas blinks a few times. "Do any of us look like we carry such things?" he demands.

The uniform holds up his hands. "I didn't get anything that hightech. I should report this to my commanding officer."

Guy says, "Alrighty. Be careful though, someone had to tip 'em off. Or not. Anyway..."

Guy, watching the door, spots the car pull up outside.

Guy heads outside.

The back door pops open, showing a free seat. Guy gets inside, seeing a guy with a thin face and a goatee, making his head look even more pointy. A thick grin breaks over his face, while across his lap is a heavy duty shotgun. "Hey, man." His hand isn't on the trigger, but it's close. The two men in the front of the car merely look back once, before the car goes..

Thomas waves quickly, running for the front door and closing it before anyone can impede, or even protest, his action. Once outside he ducks down out of sight, taking cover behind the flotsam and jetsam of the neighborhood. And so he begins trailing, submerged in the very Earth, cursing to himself while trying to figure out how to resolve this mess..

Guy smiles quite brightly. "Hello there Jimmy. My that's a lovely shotgun you've got. I'll bet you even remembered to load it for me. Thanks sonny-Jim. So who'd you get so angry that they relegated you to picking up Guys?"

Jimmy pats his shotgun. It looks sparkly clean, sawed off and just deadly. "Well, I normally don't work for these guys. I'm just hired muscle, y'know? Freelance wacker. But I got a call. Someone wiley who they wanted questioning." The car continues into the night. "But let's not worry about that for now."

Guy nods, "No no. Let's worry more about the shotgun and the bullets. Especially the ones that would go into my head. I don't like those. Or any others. Why what's up?"

The car ride is otherwise silent. It stops at an abandonend building, a nearly condenmed, near the Ford Plant. Everyone gets out, Jimmy covering Guy. Elsewhere, phone calls are being made. The man beneath the earth isn't the only one on the way.

ChroniclesGM < Switch those last two.>

Guy will spend most of the rest of the car ride playfully antagonizing his would-be captors. "Ah. A Ford Plant? I'm moving up in the world. Hey what do you suppose the rent on that abandoned building near the Ford Plant is?"

"Just a litle bit," Jimmy says, as he gets out of the vehicle. He's holding his gun, covering Guy. "Follow them, and we're all here for the party." The driver and man riding shotgun head on in.

Guy heads on in. "We're all here? There's a party?! Oh goodness Jimmy, I didn't know ya cared. Will there be cake and ice cream and pin the tail on the donkey? It's not even my birthday. I'll pretend to act surprised..."

Guy can feel the barrel of the gun stab Guy in the back. "You like shootin' your mouth off, don'tcha? I wouldn't mind doing it too." Guy is lead into a room just past the front room. There's three men with machine guns perched inside. One of them sits up. "Hey there, Mr Neville. We need to talk."

Guy nods, "I'd love to. But I don't really like gettin' my mouth shot off, so if you call off your goons, I suspect the conversation will be a bit more pleasant all around."

He smirks. "Okay boys, guard the doors." The men with the guns nod, stepping out to guard both doors leading into the room. Jimmy leans against the wall behind Guy. "All right. Happy? Now. You've been seen around with the Ghost Knight. The little business at the Police station, with those punky purple kiddies? You saved a reporter from some boys, and not to mention you've been snooping around murder scenes. So you know something."

Guy smiles. "What I know, well... that'll take five minutes to tell ya. What I don't know, that's the tricky part. But what is it ya want to know at this point in time, that's worth sending the hired help after me?"

He points at the detective. "You whipped the ass of five guys, all with some off the street shmoe. So you have something up your sleeve. You moved damn quick. So the extra help is to keep you from getting any funny ideas. So. Tell me what you think."

Guy nods, "All my ideas are funny. And so I studied martial arts. That schmoe did too. Your boys shouldn't have been so unfriendly to that lady. Guns and girls..." Guy shakes his head. "As for what I think, I think yer barkin' up the wrong tree. What I've heard, it's not Ghost Knight's M.O."

"Really." He crosses his arms. "Then start talking. I'm all ears. And trigger fingers."

Guy says, "So're your goons. But don't let me tell you. As for what I've heard, it's some other Ghost, the spectral kind y'know, with a grudge against Dew and those of your auspicious family who slept with Dew."

The man addressing Guy looks curious. "Go on."

Thomas is loitering around outside, away from the building in which Guy is kept under the barrel of numerous guns. He's once again in his \`work clothes', and patiently awaiting the arrival of his teammates.

DarkGlow's invisible eyes survey the abandonded building, considering briefly before he shakes his head in annoyance. _What was the signal again? I can't quite remember..._ With thought, however, he spots a silver figure arriving, looking around, and then walking up to the building's door. _Uh..._ He steps backwards into deep shadow, and out near the door. "Hello," he addresses Tia. "Let's wait a second, shall we?"

Tia is wandering down the lane... She looks over DG, and shrugs, "Why should we? Friend is in trouble.." ANd with that, she continues to walk to the door.

Thomas joins his teammates after a moment, making no attempt at stealth except for those closeted within. **Guy is present..** He trails off as he sees Tia proceed ahead. **Patience, please,** he cautions in a lower voice.

Tia blinks, "I fail to see the reason. Each second we wait, there's a higher chance that something will happen." She pulls herself off the path a bit, however, in deference to her comrade's warnings.

DarkGlow considers for a moment then shrugs. "She _is_ armoured. If they're just thugs, Tia can go in the front, you the floor and me the back," he suggests quietly.

Thomas sighs a little, but only to himself. **They are not the problem. Guy can leave at any time. There's something on the second floor,** he reports after a moment. **Tia, please notify Guy to join us.**

Guy says, "Well does the word Revenant mean anything to you?"

The mobster shakes his head. "Nothing."

DarkGlow glances backwards and up. "Second floor? Give me a moment." Fading into shadow, he concentrates and steps backward.

Guy ponders. "Oh indeed. Well there you go then. It's all I've got to go on. In stories and such, the Revenant was someone or something killed that came back from the dead to take vengeance. Or maybe not. Could explain it though. I'm still trying to figure out who or what."

Guy says, "But no one willingly steps in front of a Subway."

Guy says, "Well when surrounded by mist that's making them scream, I mean."

Jimmy pushes off the wall. "What is this, a ghost story? A history lesson? This is bullshit."

Tia shrugs, and turns around, heading to the front door of the building. She looks around, and seeing no resistance. she Opens the front door of the building.

A quick glance around in the upper level of the building reveals nothing. DarkGlow teleports back outside. "I don't see anything," he tells GhostKnight.

**It's on the move,** the vigilante reports. **Plan or not, we must enter now, and do what we can...** And saying so, he does just that, passing through a wall, even as Tia moves forward herself.

"Hey!" There are two men standing at the doorway into the room Guy is in. Tia can see them, and they can see her. Machine guns are leveled on the woman. The man Guy is talking to pulls a magnum out of his coat. Jimmy lifts his shotgun, as the two other men with machine guns move towards the door where Tia is.

Tia's body leans forwars as she races inside the door. a low growl in her throat, her hands become sharp as knives, fataly for the first guy in her path, as her hand reaches up to his neck, her fingers easily passing through the tissue there, leaving hil to drop onto the floor. She looks to the guy next to her.

DarkGlow emerges in a corner of the room opposite the door. As he hoped, no one is bothering to look behind them. Spotting machine guns amoung the thugs, his eyes narrow. He summons a thin layer of shadows to himself, but fires most of them towards one of the machine gun wielders. Strands curl tight around his victim, constricting his arms tightly. Hoping the fellow will struggle and fall over, he seeks his next target.

Behind the two initially wasted guards, Jimmy moves forward, his sawed off moving up... and then he's flying backwards. "Holy shit!" He cries out, before the door slams shut behind him. The sound of a shutgun blast goes off, muted by the door.

The dead voice booms, louder than ever before, through the warehouse, and the very walls and crates shake as Tom exerts the full extent of his telekinetic gift to get the attention of all those concerned. **CEASE THIS USELESS FIGHT RIGHT NOW.** The Ghost is at the heart of the maelstrom of violent motion, both fists clenched.

Everyone just seems to... stop. And look towards the Ghost Knight. The man struggling in DG's shadow web drops his gun. The other two seem rather taken aback, and Magnum atleast pauses for thought. "So. It's you," Magnum calls towards the Ghost Knight, trying to be calm.

Guy takes hold of the Magnum being pointed in his general direction. He also brings a foot up aimed at the hand holding it. With a sweeping turn, that causes his coat to flutter about, the gun is now in his hands, "Oh hey... glad everyone could make it to the party..."

Thomas reaches left, splaying his fingers and clenching a fist. In response, one of the doors is ripped liberally from its hinges, smashed to flinders by the invisbile might exerted against it. And behind it...

Tia looks mildly miffed as she's just about to cut into the next guys stomach, but she does, inseed stop, and turns to face GK.. Still standing very close to the other mook with a machine gun.

Mist, thick and omnimous, swirls around the doorjam, spectral fingers of the fog crawl along the door jam, but do not invade the room itself.

Guy stops the useless fight. When the spectral fingers appear, Guy raises both eyebrows, in rapid succession. Disbelief takes over his face, though it's followed by curiosity and a wry grin. "Oh. Hello Revenant."

DarkGlow teleports into the next room. Along a wall, out of the way. And he sees the enormous circle of mist, nearly reaching the ceiling. Though, he can see the flailing shape, just beyond. A ragged scream.

Leaping straight upward, the Ghost disappears though the ceiling above, with the intent of joining his fellows via an approach from the second floor.

Tia stands there and stares. What should she do to it? What can she do? She watches her comerads work, waiting for a sign..

"Well... unless anyone else has any ideas..." Guy looks about, "I'm fresh out myself."

_Well, isn't that nifty? Are you the one haunting me, phantom?_ DarkGlow's eyes narrow at the scream. _Well, slashing mist is probably not the best idea. What about enclosing it...?_ Gathering shadows, he flings them at the amorphous form.

The shadows mish around the swirling fog, and even the form beyond. Nothing. Another high pitched scream. "Apartment twelve! Apartment twelve, Ashlen Terrace! Please let me-" The sound of bones cracking, of flesh striking the floor resounds, another scream. "Let me go!"

DarkGlow's entangle grips nothing. _Damn it..._ He reforms the shadows into an arm and latches onto the solid form inside the mist. _I can take the prize away, anyw--_ The body (corpse?) is dragged toward him, but is halted at the edge fo the mist. He blinks. _Crap. But that means there's something there..._ He withdrawls the arm, and flings it hard at the mist.