The team discusses their options regarding the satellite Guy bid on, and the 'proof' required. The Ghost Knight's arena rival, Blitzkrieg, is already involved. The man called Sparks seems to want to do him in, and so this seems like the ideal means. To contact the super-speedster, Tom adopts an odd tactic: he flies to Chicago under his own power, then ascends the tallest point on the tallest skyscraper in the city, and waits.

Twenty minutes isn't too long. Word isn't as fast as the man's movements. But almost on the dot, he's there, leaning against the staircase door. "So, what brings you to haunt the windy city?"

**You're going to be killed,** intones the Ghost. And at this point he begins explaining the team's plans: a faked death, the plot against the speedster, and the stakes riding on this.

When Clarity hears that the team is going on the road, her first thought is that it'd be nice to get Lydon's permission to borrow one of his favorite vehicles. Her second is that her luck with borrowing things from others never runs well. So she goes with plan B, which in her case means she'll spend a little while testing out her capabilities, teleporting as far as she can in fast repititions. If anyone cares to catch a ride with her, she'll be ready for that, as well. For now, though, she's just rushing on through the countryside in a blur. And finding that the experience is really quite exciting. Even when one teleport dumps her into the middle of an interstate, requiring a very hasty departure.

Guy and DarkGlow meet Ming and Ghost Knight in a hotel room not far from Cain's Crime, the meeting place with Sparks. Some good night's rest, before the big games begin.

Cain's Crime is as old as the tales of Capon; once a speakeasy during the days of dried-up liquor, the bar has taken on different owners, different makeovers, to this day its interior has seen more facelifts than a past-her-prime Hollywood starlet. The scenery goes back to the old days, dim little lamps hanging above the tables, a stage , and the good old fashioned bar. It hasn't lost the old charm, or the old tunnels beneath, first for prohibition, now for darker things by the nostalgic and lucrative.

Above the pool table swings a dingy green lamp light, shining down on the small gathered circle in a back room. A short, wiry man who either has a dark complexion, or inch-deep grit and dust coating his skin, with dull-stained clothing to match. A solid woman of some European make, calloused and tough hands folded over her reversed chair. Sparks, in his vibrant red zoot suit, fingers tapping across the table.

Guy has gathered Sparks and company around a seedy, green felt table, in the middle of a seedy pub inside of Chicago. Soulful jazz plays in th background, accented by the lovely hum of a 'white noise' privacy field. The detective uses the billiards balls as points of reference. "Word is, this boy's got a DA he's sweet on. So, what we can do, is..." He moves the Cue ball down to one end of the table. "Kidnap his sweety. Let him know. I can make sure he knows what's going down. We'll need to pretend we want something from him. Most likely we'll say we want him to perform a service for us. Tell 'im that we need him to procure some money, that kinda thing. However, we let slip where we're holding her. When he shows up to save her, we make it look like he's got the drop on us, then we spring our plan."

Guy gives a menacing grin. At least he really hopes it's menacing. He's been practiciing this one for a while. "We set off one thing..." Here Guy's cue hits the cueball, "And we'll have him right where we want him," there's a clack as it impacts against another and another. "We can bring the whole building down on him. Voila..." the 8-Ball spins on the edge of one of the pockets, before sinking in with a dull thud. "No more problem.

A harsh smile is taken up by the assembled, and Sparks claps Guy on the shoulder. "You've got real grey up there. You heard the cat, let's start the serenade."

The plan works like clockwork. Blitzkrieg arrives on time, beginning to square off with Sparks after a bit of witty banter. At first, the jazz man just isn't fast enough, but when the speedster goes after his girlfriend, her binds spit electric fire into him. The backwards reel sends him into the glowing fists of Valkyrie, hitting hard and fast enough to leave the fast man on his heels. Getting a lick in and driving her off, only to have the concrete below turn against him; stone rippling and tearing up, causing him to stumble. Lightning reaches out to catch him in the miss-step. The barrage continues for several minutes, a constant game of losing ground: Blitz grabs a hunk of metal from the machinery, and it proves the perfect conductor; he evades the woman or bolts, or hunks of stone gunning for him, but not all three at once. The steady layering continues over Daniel's screams, until they move in for the kill.

Stone fists rise out of the concrete, tearing up hunks of metal and savaging the floor as they close in on the bolt-dodging fast foot. Valkyrie and Sparks herd Blitz back into the open earth fists. Like an iron maiden it closes around Blitzkrieg, crushing, while lances of power rake over the hero. It ends a breath before Valkyrie's whole body into the punch. The speedster is hurled back, punched through the wall, and left in a broken heap on the pavement. Sparks leaps out of the hole - right into an emerald beam. In flies Chicago's Finest, Shield. Blitzkrieg starts to sit up, bathed in the light of an ambulance. Police train their weapons on the hole, while EMTs rush out to the wounded man.

After a minute of rumbling with Shield, Sparks and Valkyrie sink into the ground. Shield scowers the grounds, but nothing. Just the gathered police, medics, and bystandards. One particular bystandar, dusty and dirty, lurks in the door frame of a business. Watching the ambulance slowly wheel off, pearly whites shine through the darkness. Tomorrow morning confirms the sight he'd spied. "Blizkrieg falls, the city stops."

The fallen body of the city's speedster-hero is being treated with deference, due to both the official influence of the city's police and the unofficial, but quite intimidating, weight of Shield's wishes that the body be kept out of a regular morgue. By the early hours of the next morning, the ex-lawman speaks a word to the body lying on the table deep in police headquarters, and "Blitzkrieg" sits up from his formerly-motionless slump. **Again I rise from the dead,** the Ghost muses aloud. **We are grateful for your cooperation and discretion.**

---

Shawntae emails several AP articles about Blitzkrieg's death to the email. He receives a transmition requestiong a city that would be prefered for the dropoff. Since the email account is a throw-away, he does some searching through the throw-away address, looking for similar send messages, and URLs for news articles, suspecting that whoever's checking will check all the emails at once. He hits pay dirt, finding one for the automated turrets.

Addressing the group in the base, "It says here, meet just south of Latitude 140w, Longitude 60w, a hundred or so miles off the coast of Argentina. Now, there is no land here. But one of the items for bid is an aquatic base, and you mentioned it has a false island top, so I bet it'll be here." He taps the map. "Be careful too. The guy who bought the turrets? Carved 'Capitalist Pigs' into Congress's dom with a high powered laser."

Results from Sinistra's tap comes back. She's talked to a few associates, leaned on a few shoulders, met with old friends - villainous and mundane - and informed she's going "home". Home being the Villa in San Gimignano, after having all of her things moved from various holdings across Europe and America. She had received it in the will, and is going to live out the rest of her days in leisure, taking up Vulcan's mantle as a "patron". There's more, but it's in various languages - Italian, Arabic and Portuguese; Shawntae does some analysises, and comes up with some other info. From what he gathers, nothing of use except that some of the things she'll be holding at the Villa will be the auction equipment, but those may be moved out in about a week and a half, in preperation for shipping.

"Finally," Shawntae adds, "Blitz sends an email, says he's enjoying his vacation and watching his funeral parade on the tube. Wishes you good luck on your trip around the world."

Lydon sits forward. "I've got you a private plane waiting to take you down to Argentina. It's going to be a long flight, so bring something to do. I would have gotten you satelite pictures of the fake island, but Shawntae said the defenses for the satelites were a little stiff." The cyberkinetic rolls his eyes. "Excuse me, 'he didn't want the government on us'." Smiling, the scientist continues. "As soon as you pick up our satelite, that issue will be handled. Be careful, guys. This is not our home turf."

---

The sunset is beautiful over the horizon, the light a golden comfort all through the plane. It's been a long flight, but for the last hour, the adrenaline has been pumping. Things are about to get interesting. "We're almost over the drop point," calls the pilot. "I see a speck of land southwest of here, a dozen miles off."

"Y'know," DarkGlow reflects aloud, "I thought this would be okay, but I'm really starting to side with the whole 'why jump out of a perfectly good airplane?' crowd." _The fact that just above the ocean there isn't a whisp of shadow to come out of isn't helping..._

**Then enjoy the view from here. But I'll be getting out,** announces GK. And with a sudden motion, he disappears through the floor of the airplane as though sucked through it. Outside, the vigilante curls into a ball, drawing air into a sphere around him as he descends. He phases harmlessly into the water, then begins the rapid journey toward the faux-island. Once near enough to engage his sense of perception, he scans rapidly for a good entry point for his comrades. The waste-recycling plant has a number of catwalks and corridors that can serve as reception points for teleporters, and the Ghost dries himself off there while waiting for his comrades to arrive.

DarkGlow sighs. "Thanks for the support. Maybe I'll just monitor the situation from up here, then, shall I?"

Clarity doesn't seem to have any serious reservations about jumping, herself. Though it's not so much a jump as a series of teleports that bring her to the water's surface faster than even gravity would. She will let Ghost Knight do the scouting. (( Nobody here but us fishes, right? ))

_And our intrepid scout, once more in the lead, ventures first deep into enemy territory._ DarkGlow locates an out of the way shadow just within the base. _Hell, I didn't really want to get wet anyway. It really_ is _a nice plane, though..._ He vanishes.

The rest teleport down into a tunnel of air, which links up with a hole separated in the wall. The Knight's powers allow him to hold off scanners to detect a breach. They all congregate in a hall, containing no scanners. No need to watch crap. Ghost Knight does a scan of the whole facility. Half a mile long, and several stories deep, the base is impressive. There are likely twenty to thirty people on board; the knight can't differentiate, for some are congregating together. Among many of the interesting characteristics of the base itself, there is a sub docked underneath it. From the readout, it's an exact copy of Vulcan's auction sub.

(( There are twenty eight minds onboard. One does not feel quite human, though. I could pry for more information, but I think it unwise to risk detection in that way. )) Clarity remains calm. Her newfound adaptability has added a fair dose of confidence.

"So, who brought the tac nuke?" DarkGlow asks. "Oh, right, we decided against that. Why exactly?"

**We're more than a match for those here,** replies the Ghost, sounding somewhat confident. **But split up, not all together. We'll take them out in bits and pieces.**

"Oh, boy," DarkGlow replies, dryly. "Do we steal the sub or sink it?"

**Steal it. No telling who might salvage it if we just leave it,** suggests GK.

On DarkGlow's suggestion, Tom sneaks through the interior of the 'island' to the quarters, where six people can be found. Silently he disables the weapons near the sleepers' beds, then uses his powers to seal the entrances and exits to the area shut. That done, he begins binding and gagging each man, one after another, sometimes silencing protests with a chop or blunt punch.

Some of them try to reach for their wrist before the Knight can restrain them. One even flips a switch, exposing a button before he's restrained.

Returning to the others, the Ghost holds out a wristwatch with a signalling device built in, as he explains. **I'll work on creating a signal jammer to block other alerts from being triggered,** he suggests. **Ming, DarkGlow, Guy, do whatever you can to draw the others away into small groups.**

Clarity moves about the base with care, going on where Ghost Knight declares safe from active monitoring, since she's no ace at spotting cameras. Fortunately teleportation makes the cameras largely useless against her. Where there are clusters of active people, she finds a place to lay low, then weaves subtle threads of mind control, convincing targets to move in separate ways, helping divide the defenders.

Meanwhile, Guy is sticking to the places where the cameras aren't. It's really easy to spot them and move around their field of vision, especially when you can slow time down to a crawl. Of course, the people are a bit more difficult. Every now and then he'll find a few hapless people lurking about. With a bit of concentration, he speeds them up and slows them down, which is enough to get anyone not used to it sick... when they run for the restrooms, Guy's waiting there to knock them out. He even manages to acquire some clothing that's not quite as conspicuous as his trademark Trenchcoat and Fedora.

DarkGlow stalks a pair patrolling the corridor for probably a minute or two longer than he really needed to, just to stretch his 'stalking' legs. He feels about ahead of them, looking for and locating an area where there are no moving shadows about, and yet still enough to effectively take on both. _So, you really gonna just knock 'em out? You know this traditionally ends with a couple of pools of blood spreading across the hall..._ He sighs mentally, teleports there. _Yeah, less mess to clean up--someone else might come by and sound the alarm. Besides, I'm supposed to be a good influence for Sasha, remember?_ He starts gather shadow. _Of course I remember. Probably just as easy anyway._

He sees none of the cameras he'd been eyeing warily--he'll need to drop the invisibility to have enough shadow to attack both effectively. The pair moves past him, unaware. When their backs are to him, he wraps a layer of shadow around the one a half-step to the rear, hoping the other's perhipheral vision isn't up to scratch. Either it was, or the first target managed to let out a squeak or somesuch, because the second pivots alertly. Even so, the moment he spends gaping at his enwrapped partner is enough to ensure the same fate for himself.

Another layer of shadow settles over the heads of both victims, this one not just obstructing motion and sight, but the very air as well. It is with utter silence that, a couple of minutes later, both cease their struggles inside the shadow, which is now the only thing holding the two upright. DarkGlow approaches them, and he learns another reason not to actually finish them off--no unpleasant smelling loosening of the bowels upon death. _Probably the best reason of them all. Well, not to Ming or the others, most like, but one must make do..._

In the next empty room DarkGlow leaves the two. He binds them with belts and some plastic ties from his belt pouches, gagging them with their clothes. He even takes a moment to make certain their airways are unconstricted before calling to Clarity: (( So, where's the next bunch? )) Their watches securely in his pockets, he closes the door behind him.

Meanwhile, the Ghost has been fiddling with the electronics in the watch, along with pulled wires from the electrical harness that runs through the island's artificial areas. He's managed to broadcast a 'static' signal that will block reception of the coded alert signal. Open mic jamming is never as efficient as a more professional form of interference, but sometimes it's all you have.

After a brief huttle, the team breaks. DarkGlow slips into the Bridge. The bridge is filled with eight uniformed guards. Pacing the bridge is a suit of armor styled out of this world; sleek grey and iridescent black, fluted tubes attaching from torso to neck, while powerful arms lead into nasty gauntlets. The wearer is seven feet tall, bald and dusky skinned, with yellow ridges and crags spiderwebbing over the skull. "Herculan," announces someone on the bridge, "The pickup has sent communications; he's on his way. The automations are on the lift." "Good," he snarls. "This primitive bucket stinks of human filth. I hold my breath for the honor-debt to be payed. Open the lift." "Yessir."

Ming uses a series of small teleports to get nearer to the bridge. Once she draws in range, she reaches out with her mind, weaving an illusion over those in the bridge, so that they will see the alarms as active.

_A guy in power armour. I **hate** guys in power armour. I'm thinking bodies are gonna end up on the deck after this one's done. I just hope he's fairly... well, brave and takes the lead. That way I won't have to deal with him._ Even so, DarkGlow mentally starts sharpening a shade spear and watching their reactions as the 'alarm' goes off.

"Breach! Where?" Thunders Herculan, "Fourth quandrant." "Move, move, move!" While the men are grabbing their guns, Herculan is moving like a freight train down the hall, two guards right on his heels.

Into view steps the Ghost Knight, standing on the other side of the hatch. With a mirthless, fleshless sneer he grabs the door, slamming it shut almost in the face of the charging Herculan. Almost immediately his powers manifest, mingling the matter of the door with that of the surrounding bulkhead.

_Let's go! Go, go, go!_ DarkGlow invisibly mimes a drill sergeant waving troops in. _Get going, you maggots!_ He watches them pour into the opening, ready to seal this end with shadow under GhostKnight can shut it a little more permanently.

Herculan wheels around, seeing the entangle filling in. He roars. "Duck." The whole tunnel kneels down, and a roar of searing blast rips through the air, punching through DarkGlow's shadow-seal. "Move, you ingrates. March or be stomped!"

Herculan grabs the slowest soldier by the helmet. The man struggles as the crags on the alien's skull surge with light. He drops his gun, sagging against the walls, while the alien starts pushing men out of his way. "Pitiful humans, _move_."

DarkGlow winces as the energy blast tears through his shadow web, and then watches Herculan toss aside one of his own guys with a sense of resignation. _Have I mentioned how much I hate powersuits? He hasn't a helmet, though, so I doubt he has radar or whatever. Let's see what happens if I turn out the lights...._ Shadows protectively covering him, DarkGlow sticks his head around the corner and sends a sheet of shadow down the corridor. He ignores the goons grabbing for their eyes--his attention is solely on the big guy.

Watching the shadows swallow up the sight of the men charging her way, Clarity reaches out again with her mind, this time to convince all her enemies that their weapons are hopelessly jammed.

"Useless," thunders Herculan as he bursts from the blinded groun, one of the men in a powerful fist. The light surges over his skull once more, while he looks around blindly, hefting the soldier up to shoulder height like a shot-put.

As Herculan clears through the mass of blinded and useless soldiers, the Ghost Knight slams the door shut behind him, again "welding" it quickly against the men now trapped in the corridor. He spins, ready to confront the strange being.

DarkGlow pulls his head back from around the corner as Herculan surges past him and Ghost Knight appears to seal the door. _Of course he gets out. Wouldn't have guessed otherwise._ He eyes the other for the briefest of moments. _Still looks blind. Guess it worked. Lucky he has no helmet--Ah. Which also means..._ DarkGlow quickly weaves more shadow and sends it at the other's head. More shadow wraps around his eyes, but other tendrils solidify around his nose and mouth, sealing them hopefully as tightly as Ghost Knight sealed the door. _Strangle, you bastard. Or at least shut up while we cut you apart..._

Herculan merely hisses in displeasure, seeming unphased by the strangulation, batting his hand at his throat. Though he simply stands, letting go of the soldier.

Across the intercom on the bridge, someone sends a message in Spanish.

Suddenly, in the midst of all of this... well, not quite in the midst, but definitely there, is a detective. Where before there was not a Guy, there now is. "Hey gang, hope you saved a dance for me."

As Herculan goes blind again, the Ghost reaches down as he rushes the armored figure. His fingers scoop up the imperishable metal of the deck and his powers shape it into a pair of fighting-sticks. He uses this, raining down a torrent of blows on the blinded brute that yield a satisfying series of pained grunts.

Taking advantage of her opponent's weakness, Clarity lashes out, her attack sending icy numbness into the mind of Herculan. The noise of a Spanish voice registers in her mind, but for now she remains focused on this last threat.

Herculan clutches his skull and howls, the flaring yellow blaring along his scalp. The sound rattles the bones of those gathered as he falls forwards into a shriek of his armor against the bridge.

Once more, Spanish squalks over the intercom. Ghost Knight's perception picks up something far more interest: a plane, hovering just above the island.

Thomas moves to the comm board and presses the transmit button. "English please," he says, in a voice synthesized from his memories of the protests of his victims in the barracks area.

"English? Pah. Lazer, early for pickup."

"Standby for security examination," transmits Tom, then snaps off the radio. And the Ghost looks around. **We must allow them to land or it will excite suspicion.**

(( That sounds logical enough. )) Clarity resumes her mind link casually, looking around. (( What should we do with these new guests, you think? And what of all these we've subdued? We don't exactly have jurisdiction here. ))

"Sure." Guy looks a bit confused, "Uh, what do we do now? Same thing we did to these guys?"

Guy says, "We could have a plane and a sub..."

DarkGlow continues to stare intently at Herculan. Darkness still swaths his face.

Clarity watches the alien for a while, then turns to Dark Glow, "You're killing him, aren't you? We have what we need, we shouldn't do this, even if he.. if he is whatever he is. It isn't right."

"Hey... DG, uhm, let up you know." Guy looks down. "He may have some kinda eggs inside him that eat when he kicks the bucket. And besides, killing him's not all that right. Who knows, he might even be persuaded to tell us how to make the armor work... and it's alien tech, so if nothin' else we can sell it to some fanboy and take a road trip."

DarkGlow glances up with something akin to surprise. "Killing him?" _Err... am I? Yeah, probably._ "Nah, I'm just keeping him down." _So... are you with them or aren't you?_ His teeth pull back in an invisible snarl. _I knew there were going to be days like this. Crap._ "Unless you think rope would help?"

Thomas answers that point by reaching down and molding pieces of the metal floor around the downed Herculan. Layer after layer of the resistant material forms a prison around the senseless being.

DarkGlow wants to actully voice his snarl, but merely shugs. "...Or heavy metal." The shadows on Herculan's head dissipate. _Good guys. Ah, hell..._

"How long do these security checks take?" Squacks through the com.

Thomas rises from his efforts, then switches on the transmitter again. "You came a little early, sir, we're just following procedure. You're cleared to land."

As requested, the plane lands, and unloads four people.

"I'll go inside and take out the pilot," DarkGlow offers.

Thomas waves a hand. **Do as you will,** he says simply.

Resisting a sudden urge to kick the downed Herculan, DarkGlow turns and vanishes into shadow. Reappearing on the plane, he looks quickly around. (( No one here, )) he reports. (( Must all be outside. ))

From the looks of it up top, the men are lightly armored, except for one, who looks more fortified and wears a tinted helmet. They all have sidearms, except for the fully armored man with a nasty side arm and rifle slung over his back.

_Well, since there's no one here, how about a little sneak attack..._ From one of the side windows he spots the armoured rifleman and causes his shadow to rise up and embrace him.

He goes down. Screaming something in Spanish, all the others turn around. There's an explosion beneath the shadow grip, tearing him out and propelling him in the air; jets rocketing along the leg, hip and shoulder suspending him in the air. Whipping the rifle around into his hands, he speaks something in Spanish. The three others fan out, but back up towards his position, putting thirty feet between them while facing all directions.

_Neat._ DarkGlow watches the hovering form. (( We have a flier here, )) he sends. (( Bit of help might be needed. ))

Looking to see how strong the flier is, or if he can knock the man down. The shadows beneath him - of his men - flow and swirl upwards in an ebon geyzer, hitting him from behind. It doesn't even bother him, so much as startle. He goes higher, and circles back, sweeping above the plane - and out of Darkglow's view.

Clarity takes this opportunity to go to Dark Glow's aid. Such that she can offer, anyway. She'll focus herself elsewhere, hoping to appear near the enemies, but far from right on top of any of them, looking for a place where she can keep all of them in her sights.

With the armoured rifleman somewhere above the plane, DarkGlow has little choice but to engage the others remaining on the ground. Shadows rise up and embrace one of the men.

As soon as Guy makes it up on the surface, the jetpacked one's rifle lights up. The air is rent with a searing flash, before the ground is glazed over in five pinpoints around Guy's nimble feet. Another shot comes from one of the ground-bound men. The jetpacked one yells out orders; one of the ground-bound men running to the bound comrad and begins blasting the darkness off of him, while the one who shot at Guy finds cover behind a palm tree.

Clarity spends a short time getting her bearrings. Seeing the major threat is above, she'll send forward an illusion, trying to make the flier see his friends as enemies, and hopefully keep that gun pointed away from her comrades.

DarkGlow frowns at the man shooting his comrade, in theory to pierce the entangle. _Stopping him would be good._ Shadows rise up to envelope him as well.

The first entangled man breaks free of his bonds, reaching for his gun. Meanwhile, listening to orders, the one able-bodied ground man turns his gun on Ming, while the jetfighter does the same. While the ground man fires, his commander is less lucky, the blast actually hanging in the air.

Frustrated, the jetfighter flies downwards, looping around while taking a better aim at Ming, adjusting his rifle. The air is sliced through, but Ming feels the burn through her skin as the shot takes her clear in the chest.

DarkGlow wraps the newly freed man back up in shadow. _Hey, stay put, will you?_

Ghost Knight, waiting patiently beneath deck and watching through the Mind Link, is disrupted from his view as Ming's connection breaks for a moment, as does her shield. Just behind him, the steel of the Bridge explodes, unfurling like a steel flower to expose Herculan, eyes bloodshot. He points at the Ghost. "You." Taking a fighting stance, "Me. Now."