The rest of the group, in addition to DarkGlow's duplicates, are left on the roof. As DarkGlow departs, everyone filters back inside the building, the machine taken with them. Minutes later, two auras are detected the Ghost Knight below. Then only one, but still: someone is within the building. Upon investigation, DarkGlow is turned up, and brought upstairs.

Thomas could have been a doctor - his medical knowledge is expansive for his age, though as with so much else in his life his academic achievements are bent to his practical ends. Now, as the Ghost Knight gives his teammate a brief examination, Tom muses privately on the questions he had before. He re-examines the assumptions he's made for weeks, casting the light of experience on the shadowy corners of the identity of the man before him. And resolve comes quickly. While nobody is looking, Tom forms an improvised, sterilized needle from nearby components, and takes a small sample of blood. He pockets the ad-hoc syringe in his coat, turning away. **He will regain consciousness shortly.**

Lydon turns to Ghost Knight. "I was thinking. With all of the duplicates coming here, if Foxbat continues to use the machine, might it do something to the dimensional rifts he keeps pulling? Do you think it might weaken them, to cause an accidental tear or a bleeding of dimensions into others, later?"

Clarity sets herself down by Dark Glow, studying him a bit nervously. "Is he really okay?" she asks softly. "He looks so still." She reaches out a wavering hand, as if she's not sure whether to do this or not, and finally settles it on one of his. He feels normal enough. Maybe super heroes aren't so different after all.

**I am not a dimensional physicist - yet,** the vigilante replies. **I suggest you consult with Dr. Blake. However, given that he is in command of the pertinent facts of the matter, an issue of this magnitude ought to have manifested itself. I believe he would take it upon himself to inform us in that eventuality.**

"Like he thought so far ahead when dealing with his Dimensional holepuncher," Comments Shawntae as he walks by.

"I wouldn't trust Dr. Blake," says Clarity. "I don't, anyway. He is very careless, and the unexpected behavior of this object proves that he did not have a good grasp of the possible outcomes of his research." She frowns, not liking how the fool has put such a black mark on the faculty with his carelessness.

**Very well,** says the Ghost, quietly. **Let us see what he says on the matter.** And with that, he makes for a phone and begins dialing Blake's number.

The phone rings several times, before Blake's accent fills the reciever. "Yes? Hello? I'm a little busy, could you call me back?"

**You have higher priorities now. If your business does not involve your machine, disregard it. If it does, explain the urgency,** says the Ghost, coldly, into the receiver.

"Ah, you. Yes it does regard the machine; I'm almost finished. A part has gone to not working - faulty craftsmanship or bad maintenance on the previous owner one - and I will have the piece by morning. I'm working to finish the rest of it; call me tomorrow by ten am and I will have it done."

Ming lets her attention shift back to Dark Glow, studying him slowly. "You don't seem so terrible now," she murmurs, speaking to herself. Whatever did he get himself into? "You shouldn't run off and try to handle things all on your own. I thought you guys were supposed to be a team," she adds, speaking to the unconcious man in a scolding voice. She's still a bit unsure if he's really okay, though.

**We will be meeting you at your home tomorrow at that time.** And with that, Tom hangs up and returns to the group, watching DarkGlow impassively.

DarkGlow's sense of shadows returns first, and experience tells him that several of the shadows around him are human-shaped, from at least one light source's perspective. At the moment no one is speaking, and in the silence is forceably reminded of the last time he woke up in surrounding he wasn't certain of. As much as he'd wanted to react violently that time, he does also remembers the encounter with his other self and how it devolved into a battle with himself--and how exhausted he still feels from it. _How'd the dice land this time? Not that it matters a whole hell of a lot..._ It's on that note of apathy then that he cracks open his eyes.

**You are unhurt?** asks GK, neutrally.

Ming smiles, "You are awake!" she calls out, obviously pleased and excited. "What happened? We found you in the basement, knocked senseless." Clarity is smart enough to pull her hand away, thinking Dark Glow is probably still going to see her as a problem instead of a friend.

_Captured by the good guys--how lucky I am._ DarkGlow thinks sardonically. He sits up, blinking at the lights. "Just peachy. Three alternate 'me's drop into my lap, but do I end up squabbling with them? No, I end up going a few rounds with myself." He squints at an unfamiliar form, then blinks a couple of times to clear what he thinks must be clouded eyes. "I was thirteen--or was it twelve?--when I came up with this get-up. Skullface was, too, I imagine. What's your excuse?"

"I read too many stories about super heroes," answers Clarity. "Are you sure you are feeling okay? It might be wise to have a doctor have a look at you, if anything doesn't seem right." She laughs a little, "And besides, I need to wear something if you guys aren't going to upstage me all the time."

"Upstage? If I'm ever on a stage, I deserve to get shot. You want the limelight, feel free. Me, I'll pass." DarkGlow's tone is irritable, but his voice becomes increasingly distant as his thoughts start to wander back to his other selves. _Should probably warn them. Keep it in the family, or something._ He becomes aware that his hood is around his shoulders, and with an annoyed gesture that he jerks it back over his head. It's perhaps coincidence that he's looking at Ming when the shadows fall over his too-pale face, and then thicken to obscure all his features.

**DarkGlow. Guy Neville was sent to spy on us.** The Ghost mentions this almost conversationally. **You have seen my face, however unpleasant the sight was, when we first met Lydon. I know of this woman. You are welcome to your secrets, but if what happened to you endangers us, then I wish to hear about it.**

Ming hmms softly. "So, you have any ideas on how we're going to start to finally trust each other?" she asks of Dark Glow. She reaches up and slowly removes her mask, setting it aside. Her face looks strange, with the weird taste in lip stick and eye shadow to mirror her hair and the costume. "We have to eventually, or we're all going to die because of it, don't you think? I don't want my little sister to have to arrange my funeral."

DarkGlow chuckles. He takes a shot at a friendly pat on GhostKnight's shoulder, but doesn't seriously expect it to land. "Heh, trying to cheer me up with jokes. Didn't think you had it in you." He shrugs, slides of the table. "It's... family business," he says, using the phrase that had popped into his mind. "Not that I ever thought I had family, except..." His voice trails off. _And it seems she's a part of it too._ "No need to get your knickers in a twist." His eyes turn to the figure in the new garb. A thumb indicates Ghost Knight. "He may know you. I don't. Then again I don't really know him, either." Non-reflecting blacknes is all she sees under the hood. "My secrets are my own. Leave me alone and we won't have any problems. Beyond that, if you don't care for funerals, just stay at home." He shrugs again, and turns away. "It's where I'd rather be."

"If you're seeing this, obviously DarkGlow got my message." The familiar voice of Maximilian Moriarity comes from behind. Lydon approaches the three, carrying the lap top with the freeze frame. "Someone knows you," He says simply to DarkGlow, regarding the gloom-faced team member. "Domestic disputes aren't our problem." Tapping the laptop, "Deals with unknown devils are. What's up?"

Ming will just pick up her mask and slip it back on, stepping away to listen quietly. It seems there's not going to be any easy transitions here.

DarkGlow laughs, harshly. "Oh, and a new costume won't protect you," he throws at Ming. "Still don't know how the prick fingered Lydon, me and the rest."

"Guy is spying on us?" Lydon asks to Ghost Knight, before turning his attention back to DarkGlow. "I don't want any more moles. Don't bring danger to us you can warn us about beforehand."

"Don't bring--? Sorry, next time I'll try to get a memo around at least a week in advance before alternate universe 'me's start popping up. I realize how careless it was of me to spring it on the group with no warning, and promise to never let it happen again--with alternate 'me's, anyway." DarkGlow fights, and mostly succeeds, at keeping his words dry rather than angry.

**Lydon. Guy said he has been reporting falsely, and I believe him,** replies GK firmly. **DarkGlow. We do not know each other fully, as you say. Remember in whose hands the power to change that lies, should you find it a difficult position.**

Ming sighs inwardly, shaking her head as she listens. (( This is rather hopeless right now. We'll have to fix it later. )) she projects to Ghost Knight. (( He's just awoken. This is probably the worst time. The injured animal-or man-is the most testy. ))

DarkGlow waves GhostKnight's words away. "Funny how I never got the impression you'd be up for a late night beer, minus the masks and just comrades if not actual friends, either. Said 'power' is hardly in my hands alone."

Lydon closes the laptop and sets it aside.

**What do you think I am, then, DarkGlow?** The voice is curious, absent of malice or aggression. **You doubt your eyes and memory of that day. Tell me what more you think I ought to reveal to you.**

"If you both really want this to end, you have only one choice," says Ming softly. "You can trust me. Or if you don't want to, so be it. You know my name, my occupation, my address, the name of my little sister. I think there are few secrets I have left. With your father after me, Ghost Knight, I rather doubt I can have any secrets at all."

DarkGlow sags partially against the bed. "'Father'? Another undead to have lasted as long as you, with your 'Night of the Living Dead' features-cum-makeup job?" The hood's opening moves to point at Ghost Knight, and the shadows fade to reveal eyes, slightly narrowed. Normally pink, from the little Ghost Knight has actually seen of them, they've darkened closer to red. "Or is he more like the father-figure 'M' to the James Bond you revealed to the Champions? You told that good doctor in the morgue that you can manipulate matter, but not organics. That restriction seems not to apply to yourself. So, which face would be under the mask? And, really, why should I care? You're good in a fight and my back is noticably free of daggers. Yours is likewise."

The eyes turn to Ming, but the flush has faded. "And you... you, I envy. No secrets... how is such a thing possible?" But he shakes off the feeling swiftly. "Who said anything about ending anything? The bastard on Lydon's computer still needs to be smashed. There are several other 'me's running around which need putting right. Foxbat and friends need locking up, in a psychiatric ward and jail, respectively." He stands straight again, and crosses his arms over his chest. "But if I treat this... job as having a virtual punchclock at the door, and would rather go home and spend time with my friends rather than a stuffy pseudo-undead, some girl I don't know or a genius executive that I haven't a hope of relating to, I'm not seeing the problem. None of you have shown much interest in me, either--and I'm hardly offended."

Ming crosses her arms and sighs, "Suit yourself. But until you let me mind link with you, we aren't even team mates as far as I'm concerned. It makes it very hard for me to do my job, and that well, pisses me off. And in case you didn't realize it, I was scared when we saw you injured down there. Maybe everyone else here is different, but I don't like it when people die, no matter how they've treated me."

Lydon frowns at that. "Well, DarkGlow, it isn't as though you've really offered us anything to take interest in. You pretty much hide in the corner and only come out of your shell to toss out a barb or two. Exactly what are we supposed to take interest in, without you opening up first? Your fashion sense, perhaps?"

The shadows are back in place when DarkGlow regards Lydon. "Dunno," he deadpans. "I always thought a scythe would look good with this get up, but could never seem to find one 'round town." He sighs, exasperated. "If you want me off the team, bloody say so--but inasmuch as I was hired, it wasn't for my sparkling personality. It was for my abilities. And I've not let you down so far, even without someone mindlinked into my brain--whatever the hell that's supposed to mean."

The Ghost holds up a hand. **I would like you on the team, a position you don't seem very enthusiastic to take up fully,** he says. **However...** Moments pass, and the vigilante doffs his helmet, revealing the aristocratic face he wore earlier. "Unless you were full of shit earlier, you mentioned going out for a beer. Mr. Yamaguchi, have a good afternoon. Miss Tiaoning Ming, DarkGlow.. the first round's on me, if you are both willing to put aside yourselves for a time." He smiles. "Friends or not, let's.. relax, hm?"

Lydon pauses, and looks either insulted, or just a little hurt. But he nods a little to the Ghost Knight after looking at the new face. "All right. You three enjoy yourselves. I won't be bailing you out of jail if you cause any sort of brawl."

Ming looks over to Thomas and laughs softly. "I just umm, need to wash this dye off and get rid of the make-up, then I can go, sure. Just don't try anything and then blame the alcohol." She adds a playful wink and slips her mask off again.

DarkGlow's mouth tightens momentarily. "Enthusiastic? I've stood on the firing line for every one of our dustups. Everytime the radio squawked, I was there. You want to wrap yourself in a blanket of cooly distant authority, fine. I'm not a comedian like Guy--I don't entertain the troops. I just get in there and play my part, fight the good fight. If you don't think that's enthusiasm, then I think you've spent too much time watching cheerleaders to tell the difference between honesty and artificial tripe." He strides to the door, and comes within a bare heartbeat of just walking through. Why he stopped would be the focus of a good many meditations in the future. The best answer he ever came up with was that it occured to him that he was thirsty. In any event, he finds himself halted on the threshold of the door, and says, "Besides, I don't drink beer." He half-looks over his shoulder. "I do, however, drink ginger ale. Cheer up--it'll be easier on your wallet." Whistling softly, he heads off to locate his backpack, and civvies.

The Back Alley is at best a 'poser' bar. While one would suspect it would be a dive for the lowest of the low, the bottom feeders and scoundrels where backdoor deals are made, it only seems that way. The place is darkly lit - except for over the tables which have decent lighting. Various gangster - and even a few supervillain - pictures litter the walls, newspaper articles of various crime make for affectionate wall paper. The waitresses wear fedoras and pen-stripe aprons. Otherwise, the place is a regular bar.

There's a stir of activity as black boots, a long black cloak and a dark body-suit appear at the door. The patrons rest more easily as bare hands and a dark, stern face appear, rather than the grinning skull of rumor. Just a coincidence. Thomas smiles to himself as he leads the way inside. "I'll pass on beer myself. I hope they have something stronger," he's saying casually.

"Prol'ly transmute it into soda or whatever on the way down," DarkGlow mutters, darkly. "Heh. Kidding. I think."

"I'm sure they'll have something for you. I'm guessing I get to be designated driver?" suggests Ming. She wearing a pair of black slacks and a white blouse carefully buttoned up to make her (for now) appear quite modest. "I think I'll start with a bit of pop. Oh wait, he is buying.. maybe I'll make it champagne instead?" She grins wide, "I wonder what they have.."

"I may be dry and flat and tasteless, but I don't like my drinks that way," remarks the knight with a grin. He leads the way to a seat, offering a gentlemanly assist to Ming in sitting before he takes his own place.

DarkGlow seats himself in a chair opposite the others. He glances around the bar, then sidelong at the empty chair beside him. He tries but fails to imagine it filled. _Never much into these places, were we?_ He comes up with a suitable response to the once--and future--skullface: "Still think you'd cheat if I tried drinking you under the table."

Ming sets herself down with a soft sigh. "If you really wanted.. ah, nevermind. If you guys pass out tonight I'm going to be very annoyed at having to drag you back. I have a feeling our employer wouldn't think it very good, anyway."

DarkGlow replies, "I've never yet managed to get drunk on ginger ale--not even when I order it minus ice. Good thing or bad: you decide."

A waitress comes over with a nametag: Emily. "Hi..." Her gaze lingers on Thomas's uniform, before getting back on task. "What can I get you?"

The knight laughs. "Well, that'd be cheating. Me on hard liquor, you on ginger ale?" He extends his hand. "John of Kent, to those who drink with me. Whatever it is they drink." He glances up at the serving-girl, but refrains from ordering before his companions.

Seeking only to raise eyebrows, Ming orders, "I'd love sex on the beach. Oh, and an alabama slammer to drink, please." She grins innocently at Mr. of Kent.

Emily starts to write, then crosses it out. She smiles lopsidedly at Ming. "You have no idea how often I hear that." She writes it down, turning to DarkGlow.

DarkGlow automatically hunches his shoulders, looking away from the waitress and staring down at hands clenched before him. "Ginger ale. Large," he mutters to the waitress, trying to project the image of an aging man who'd rather order anything else, and had before, far too often. "Booze is a no-no," he explains, apologetically shrugging a bit.

"Vodka, if you have any," offers Thomas - or John - with a smile. He relaxes back in his seat, looking calm and confident amidst his surroundings.

"That's okay. Lex the cook is in AA too. Good for you." Emily nods to John. Asking if he'd like it in shots or a bottle, before turning to deal with the orders.

Ming grins at Emily, "I know, I know," she says softly. "I rather like going to bars, but you know.. the chances don't come very often." She obviously is eager to use this chance to the fullest, though. "You know, this is a rather strange place. You come here often, Mr. of Kent?" she asks teasingly.

"I will if that waitress stays hired," quips Tom, with a sharkish grin.

DarkGlow glances back at her, expression blank and bordering on confused. _What the hell do you do at a bar, anyway?_

"Naughty naughty," murmurs Ming. "She is rather pretty, though, I suppose. She has that whole mystique about her. Firm thighs, ample breasts, full lips. You boys always go for that and leave us poor laboratory girls behind, don't you?"

Emily returns with the drinks. Ginger ale with ice for DarkGlow, Alabama Slammer, and she sets up the vodka for John. "Just wave me over if you need anything," she says and moves to th enext table.

DarkGlow looks between the waitress and the woman facing him. He drops his gaze--ginger ale is a lot less unsettling to stare at.

Thomas watches DarkGlow slowly across the table. He pauses for a moment, analyzing the situation. Then: "You like women, right?" The voice is soft, teasing without being cutting, meant for no ears aside from those at the table.

Ming sighs softly and looks around, for the moment paying her drink only enough attention to try a quick drink of it. She spares a look at her watch. Her sister is probably just getting home from school, wondering how late Ming will be home tonight.

DarkGlow's face flames red; embarrassment--or anger--is not something his skin can hide. He wants to make the words cutting, but he returns to simplistity when his throat feels more likely to squeak like an adolescent than project dangerous defiance. "The right one, yes." A gesture at the chair beside him. "She's not here."

"Invite her along next time," suggests Tom with a smile of honest friendship. "No names if you prefer. When was the last time you guys went out?" The girlfriend/significant-other assumption is a natural to him, and he's met more than his share of men with no discernible social life who nevertheless found time and partners for romance.

DarkGlow isn't drinking his ginger ale when the other speaks and so is spared an inevitable episode of choking. However, he does take a sip to just give himself a moment. "A while now. We... broke up." He shrugs, smiles a sickly smile. "Think we might start seeing each other again, though. Just a feeling." _There's your damn memo. You'll forgive me if I don't underline it further..._

Thomas nods slowly, smiling. "Well, I hope it all works out for the best," he says, in all sincerity. He takes a slow sip of his own drink. "Feels nice to just sit and drink and be human, doesn't it?" His gaze wanders as he speaks again, and it's not clear just whom he meant the remark for, DarkGlow or himself. Perhaps both. The smile returns just as quickly though.

It's not much of a struggle for DarkGlow to resist sinking a jab into his ribs--something about lot's of opportunities for drinking when the ladies swoon over a 'real' English gentleman, with quotes most certainly audible. _Eh, his drink. And speaking of NightStar aloud even on a tangent is too close. Just smile, nod a take a sip._ As he does, he's surprised to feel a bit of awkwardness slip away.

"Used to be that taking vows of poverty, chastity and obedience meant entering the monastery," murmurs Tom, after another drink. "These days it's called getting married. No wonder people love coming here."

DarkGlow blinks. "Uh... yeah." _And what do I say to that? I don't think I've ever spoken the word 'marriage' out loud before. 'Course the same goes with poverty, chastity and obedience, but still..._. He coughs, discreetly. "Me, I'd--" he starts, and then stops. "Feh. Bugger if I know what I'd do. I've given it approximately zero thought, but I figure if you're thinking 'poverty, chastity and obedience' is what marriage is, you're not with the right woman. If she's right, then your thoughts are... well, a lot more screwed up. You wouldn't be able to think that coherently, anyway." He smiles briefly and then takes a gulp of his ginger ale.