The architects of Millennium City constructed up, principally, not down. It is true that a layer of subterranean infrastructure exists beneath the streets and cellars of the city, but that layer does not extend into the bedrock of the city's terran foundations. Nor has it ever been explored - solid rock is a material that all too few people are capable of traversing, until now. Two figures walk slowly and carefully through a tunnel, shaped out of the rock and molded in accordance with geological principles to remain steady through even the harshest earthquake. One is moving slowly and hesitantly, peering left and right at the tunnel construction. In front of her, the tunnel's creator moves, an outstretched hand touching the rock before him and causing it to flow away from his fingers like water. Both wear air-masks.

"We should be underneath Brenleer's now," says Tom, turning his head over one shoulder to talk to his significant other. "A hundred feet more and we'll be there."

Through the air-mask, Chris calls out, "I guess going up to the surface for a look at Brenleer's shoes would be too much to ask?" Even with the obstruction, Thomas can preceive the teasing in her tone. Through the student's extra-perception, up ahead there is a pocket tunnel that his will bisect; a remnant basement room or built-over street from Detroit's leveling. They have passed one demolished street before, and if Thomas were much of a scavanger and relic-collector, he could make quite a few little discoveries of the olde Detroit street signs and debris.

Half a minute passes before the stone has molded itself into an acceptable tunnel, and Tom peeks out for a few seconds, then smiles. "I've got a lot of mechanisms to build into the walls here, mostly counterweights and hydraulics. We're going to be able to duck in here and use the tunnels from at least seven points in the downtown area."

Chris just watches over the tunnels, turning back to look at where they had come. "This is really amazing, Tom." Using the miner's cap light on her mask, the journalist moves to one of the walls and inspects its' geological layers; having taken a class two semesters ago on the subject, she can't help but marvel at the makeup of it all. "What will you do if someone happens to find one of the tunnels?"

Something has tickled across the Knight's sense of perception. Living things are vague, to him, and all he can tell is that something is out there across the fringe of it, moving through the old tunnels. So far, it has done nothing to approach them, keeping its' distance rather then approaching when there was open air between them. With Chris's presence, Tom has found it unwise to explore. Now, the aura has slipped completely beyond his sixth sense.

"Well, the final layout is going to have explosive bolts," explains Tom. "Slabs of stone will drop down automatically in the event of a security breach. We'll run fiber-optic to the checkpoints that need protecting. Mostly that's to guard the central area - I don't care who has the run of the outside tunnels, really, unless we're using them. So basic concealment is good for now."

"Right, so that way you don't flatten some construction worker who stumbles in while digging or something." Chris looks at her hands, and how utterly dusty and dirty she is. Not that she minds, but there's definitely going to be a ring around the tub when she gets back.

Thomas makes the necessary adjustments at the end of this tunnel, then turns and smiles at his companion. "I've got more to do, but this is a pretty good round of progress for the day. Want to head back to the main area? I'll give you a lift." At his command, a block of stone detaches itself from the ground, rising a few inches into the air, and hovers there patiently.

Without hesitation Chris scrambles up onto the chunk of stone and settles in. "Thanks. Let's go; I'd like to check my cell, since there's no way any signal can get down here."

The ride is swift and short, and Tom's power guides his "flying carpet" of animate rock through the tunnels he's carved, and out into the spacious underground chamber called the 'main area'. It's at least a hundred feet to a side and twenty feet tall, illuminated by battery-powered lanterns for the time being. "I think we should head topside," he suggests, and leads the way toward the "upper tunnel", which exits out into a deserted building. The entrance is physically sealed up behind the pair, and Tom brushes dust and grit off his clothes as he takes a few long breaths.

Chris does the same, beating hands across her jeans and shirt and causing a small cloud to rise up. Good thing Tom warned her to wear something old. From a pocket she pulls the cell-phone, punching a few buttons and listens. "Uh oh," She says aloud, looking to her boyfriend.

Thomas raises an eyebrow. "Battery died?"

Shaking her head, "Arlene wants me to get the phone number of Guy Neville. Someone delivered a big package of photos of him using superpowers, and all of them are associated with you guys."

Thomas shrugs. "So? No worries," he says with a smile. "You want to come along while I make a doctor's visit?"

"Tom, this is _Arlene_. You know she's going to put this in the paper." Chris pauses. "Doctor's?"

Thomas nods and smiles. "Doctor's. Anyway, what's she going to do, publish a phone number already in the newspaper? Let me show you something.." He clears his throat, then a voice fills the air, that of his teammate, Guy Neville. "Guy Neville answering. Yes, I've heard the rumors. Yes, I know they have someone on television with my face, teleporting about right now. I'll be pursuing legal action as soon as possible. Someone is misrepresenting me. Yes, thank you for your time. Goodbye." The voice ceases, and Tom himself speaks again. "Like I said. It won't be a problem to handle."

Chris frowns. "I don't know. I don't know exactly how much info Arlene has, it may be kinda open and shut..." A shrug. "Anyways, sure, let's go to the doctor?"

---

The Medical Examiner's building is as quiet as normal. Dr. Keifer runs a special unit of forensic pathologists and medical technicians to determine the cause of sudden, unexplained or particularly violent deaths, though these assistants are often filling in when more are simply needed. The dead have been restful of late, so the Chief Examiner herself is in the "Morgue Waiting Room", the smoker's lounge for the building. Blowing into a ventilation fan, she thumbs through a set of papers.

**Dr. Keifer.** The voice is low and sepulchral, with the grace of death. The Ghost's black figure has come out of nowhere, his arrival unseen and unremarked.

"You'd think you could knock first," comes her scratchy reply, before the papers are casually closed. Reaching over to dab some ash into the tray, she looks up. "So, what can I do for you? More bones to sift through?"

**Today my business is with the living,** says the Ghost, almost conversationally. **I've come to you because you seem stable and trustworthy. I need a referral - a biologist and/or biochemist who can assist me in a project of the utmost importance.**

"Hm." Reaching into her purse, the good doctor pulls out a little number book, and begins thumbing through. "We have a toxicology man who's excellent at decay along with our other needs. His name's Emile Haust." She rattles off a phone number. "He's a little skiddish and neurotic, so try not to shake him too much."

**How is he with genetics, genetic therapy and retroviruses?**

Keifer peers at the Knight curiously, before flipping in her book. "Here's a colleague of mine who has a masters in genetics alongside her bio-chemistry. Agatha Font. She works for Cambridge Biotechnology, but she's a busy little bee and helps me now and then."

**Quite satisfactory. I would appreciate...** A gloved hand reaches into one coat pocket, withdrawing a piece of paper, and setting it down on a table. A pen follows, and hangs motionless above the paper, as though an invisible scribe awaited dictation. **.. A referral. In return, I continue to be at your service.**

Snuffing her cigarette, Keifer leans forward and captures the pen. Her writing is neat, concise, albeit rather small. "You'll likely find her there after hours working late; she's the director for several programs there, and usually has her hands full with medicine development and many other side projects. Do you have a card for me to hold onto? I may have some use for you soon."

The Ghost Knight withdraws another slip of paper from the same pocket, and presents it formally. **As you wish. I will endeavor not to impose myself upon your or your colleague's hospitality.**

Collecting the card, the good doctor fetches her own pen and copies the information into her book. "Good, good," She rasps. "You're much more cordial then Nightwind, you know. But less flirty."

**Life is for the living, doctor. At my.. age.. one can afford to focus on one's duties. Unless I may be of assistance now, I will bid you a good day.**

"No need for you now, but I'm sure I'll find a use for your skills sooner or later, Mr Knight." Checking her watch, she stands up, collecting her papers. "Have a nice day. Or night. Whichever is more interesting."

---

And outside the doctor's workplace, Thomas, carrying a duffel bag and wearing a black longcoat, meets his significant other. "I'm taking steps to take care of myself," he explains. "Becoming tougher and hardier is a good idea, I think. And I can help almost anyone in medical research, in return."

"So you're not just going to eat Campbell's soup and work out like most people?" Chris teases, but the smile is genuine. "Thanks Tommy; I wouldn't want you to get broken doing what you have to do."

---

Cambridge Biotechnology is a company based in London, with its' American headquarters stationed in Millenium City. Agatha Font is working late, as promised, milling away on a computer screen attached to some complicated machinery, while playing with a stack of notes in her lap. Alone in the large lab, she only has her work and the Mr. Potato Head sitting on the desk beside her, grinning idly outwards.

**Dr. Font.** The Ghost Knight, if nothing else, knows that the best way to make an entrance is not to make one. First impressions are crucial; to establish one's invincibility takes only a single injury to be shrugged off, and to present oneself as a shadow requires just one sudden arrival.

The woman jumps. While not wheeling around, she sets the stack of papers aside, and stands slowly. Adjusting her clothes in a nervous gesture, "Hello?"

Deftly the black stalker withdraws a letter from his coat, steps forward, and presents it. He draws back, patiently, arms folded over his chest.

Agatha scrutinizes over the note for a second. "I really wish she'd called me ahead of time." Setting the note aside, Font looks back up. Hints of New Englander are in her words. "Okay, so what can I help you with?"

**I require assistance in making a human body tougher, hardier, and more capable. In return I can be of immense value to you in your researches.** The skull widens into a smile. **Will you help?**

"All right, I'll do what I can," She replies with assurance. Taking an almost professional air, "Let me know the specifics. And, by the way, that's very creepy."

**Of course it is.** The Ghost steps forward, extending an arm. He tugs off one glove, revealing a pale hand sheened with hints of sweat. **This body. I need to make it tougher. I am capable of synthesizing any genetic sequence or complex chemical chain, provided I have the molecules to work with. I assume you appreciate the value of that.**

Dr Font considers the possibility. "All right. First, if you don't mind, I'd like a copy of your genetical makeup." Crossing the room to collect a slide. "You are going to be careful, right? Depending on what you do, it might be harder for body fluids to move through your skin."

**I consider that an overall plus, doctor,** replies GK. **I trust I can rely on your professional discretion.**

Coming back, she begins collecting some of the sweat, and plucking a few hairs from the back of the hand. "I mean circulation of your blood; unless you're not as dead as you appear, that could be potentially bad you know." With the sample taken, a set of equipment is booted up, before the slide is put in.

**Improving the distribution of blood will counteract the problem.** The dead voice recites medicine dispassionately. **Strengthening the heart muscles, increasing the width of arteries and veins.. A broader distribution of liver tissue throughout segments of the body will also improve circulation and remove some of the bottleneck to blood flow.**

This causes the scientist to stare at the Ghost Knight a little more critically. "Okay, good, you know your stuff." With the machine primed, she feeds the samples in, and waits a few moments. A show of a string of DNA and RNA come up. "Okay, here is your genetic structure." Scrolling downwards, she begins highlighting several portions. "These key genomes control the structure of the interior body. I can tell you have nothing wrong with your organs; an abnormality would show up here."

For the next three hours, the two discuss the matter at hand, lapsing into long interludes of technical jargon between considerations of the larger ramifications behind a given change. At the end of that time, with the doctor's consent and approval, the Ghost Knight goes into a meditative pose and begins to calmly rearrange himself. His own burning fears struggle against the look of concern on Chris's face, a visualization that springs readily to his mind, and whatever doubts about uncontrolled changes he might wreak on himself are put at least somewhat to rest by the comforting presence of the professional scientist in his presence. Another hour suffices for a thorough examination, and the Ghost slips his glove back on again at the end, satisfied.