The expedition is retracing its steps down the Ice River. The weeks in the wilderness have taken their toll on the barge, though its occupants are in good spirits; going downstream, after all, is so much less working than going up.

It's warmer this time, and the river is full of the sounds and smells of the forest that tower over a hundred feet in the air on either side. There are yet no signs of habitation - though the rustic homestead that the expedition visited must be nearby, somewhere inland of the eastern bank.

Alec has acquainted himself with the armory the expedition offers, but otherwise keeps to himself - unless it looks like his sister is getting too distant from anyone except one or both of the boys.

Wulfgang, for his own part, keeps to himself as well. The loss of the mechanical member of their crew seems to be hitting him a bit harder than he thought it would. He minds teh steam engine, listening to the contented purr as they continue on.

A few days later, Fredric notices as the barge approaches an old camp site - the very one, as it happens, where Cassandra caught up with the expedition after running away from the fort. The professor orders the craft ashore and gathers everyone into a circle. It is afternoon, and considerable daylight remains; the sun is just crossing the tops of the near trees to the west.

"Well," Fredric begins. "Here we are again. We got here two days after Fort Hammer... which means we'll be at Fort Hammer in two days. Less, if we push tomorrow." He rubs the back of his neck, looking suddenly tired. "I'd say there's a decision approaching for Cassandra and young Master Teague. But that would imply that Cassandra hasn't already made up her mind."

Cassandra has been looking pointedly anywhere but Fredric's face, but now meets his stare. "He'll never let me leave again," she says. "Until I'm twenty, anyway, and a Competent Adult. How can you expect me to go back to that, after all we've done?"

Alec starts speaking a few seconds after Cassandra does. "I'm no soldier now," he says at last. "I can fight, but.. 's not the same thing. I'm not what he needs."

Wulfgang shrugs, "I'm not against the case either way. BUt it will take some interesting convincing to allow you two to continue to join us." He looks around, "If we attempt to convince at all..."

Gerald shakes his head. "I guess I'm glad I didn't have my dad trying to stop me being what I was meant to be." He looks off to the north, wistfully. "Though neither dad or me had any idea what that was going to be, at the time..."

Alec hums, then taps his sister on the shoulder. "Y'know, if we're big enough to be independent like you're sayin', we're big enough to tell him so. If you don't want to, I'll go in your place. Alright?"

Cassandra looks startled, and then ashamed. "No. I can't ask you to go alone. If I can't tell him myself, then I don't deserve to leave." With a note of command, she speaks. "Professor. Please take us home. And please be our guests at Fort Hammer until morning."

---

As soon as the barge comes into view, it causes a commotion at the fort. Within minutes a dozen mounted soldiers ride out and upriver, Captain Teague in their lead. No weapons are drawn, but the Captain insists that his children come with him, and further insists that the academics remain at the fort overnight. Fredric, Choi, Rodrigo, Wulfgang, and Gerald are shown to a familiar, spartan guest barracks, though at Cassandra's assistant, the door is not locked or barred.

The evening passes. The soldiers never take their eyes off the party, but the food is hot and plentiful, and the beds are far softer than the cold, hard ground of the plateau.

At the crack of dawn, Fredric is summoned to the Captain's office, and returns an hour later with Alec, Cassandra, and their father. It is the Captain who speaks first.

"Professor Fredric has generously extended University enrollment to both of my children," he begins. Fredric only nods in confirmation; Cassandra's face wavers between smug and the kind of fear that can only come from crossing one's parents.

Wulfgang nods to the Professor, but gives no other sign.

"I've agreed to allow them accept, though I have deep misgivings." He pulls one of the crude woodens chairs over and sits down heavily. "On the one hand, you've been gone for weeks. I've been worried sick. And I want my children here, with me. On the other..."

He straightens. "If half of what I've heard is true, then my children have proven that they can take care of themselves. And that you can all take care of each other. Far be it from me, to break up that unit. Besides... it seems there are now worse dangers than feral bears and bandits."

"My sole condition is that the University watch over my children, as with all their students," he continues. "But more specifically... I want those of you in this room, to take that responsibility personally." His gaze falls particularly hard on Fredric, Gerald, and Wulfgang; for some reason, skipping over Choi, and settling no more on Alec than Cassandra.

Gerald blushes and lowers his eyes. "We'll do our best, sir. Though I'm not sure _any_ of us can keep Cassandra from doing something she wants to do."

Teague rolls his eyes, and the seriousness of the moment passes. Cassandra even smirks. "Oh, you'd noticed that."

Wulfgang glares at Gerald after this, but looks quickly back to the Captian, "Of course, sir. We look out for eachother at the university."

"Then, Mister Stentz," the Captain finishes, "I think you're all in good hands."

---

In the early days of the printing press, news travels slowly, but rumors seem to move about faster than anything that runs or flies. The expedition passes farmsteads, villages, and small towns, and anywhere that there's people to watch, they stop, point, and wave. A few even cheer. Their numbers increase as the expedition nears home.

At one village in particular, Rodrigo suddenly shouts, "Here! We're here! Put ashore!" And he does so, as he is at the tiller; the boat glides up beside a small dock near a modest farmstead.

He doesn't even wait for anyone to tie the boat; the farmer picks up his sack and hops onto the dock. "Well. It's been fun. Professor, I'll be taking that bank check for the boat's timber now. And next time you need a boatman..." he chuckles. "Stay the Hell away from me!"

A crowd had gathered on the bank, a little ways to the north. The farmer waves, and moves off towards them at a trot. "Hulloooo! I'm back! They didn't eat me!" He soon becomes inaudible in the hub-bub, but it seems obvious he's already spreading tall tales and fish stories.

Wulfgang waves as Rodrigo departs, and beams a winning smile, "The Stentz family appriciates yoru generocity!" He looks around the boat, and glances to the Professor.

Fredric takes up the abandoned tiller and sighs. "If only, young Master Stentz," he says. "We left a number of bits behind, and whatever that winged thing dropped on us..." the professor shudders... "it's pitted the deck quite badly. Rodrigo got the better deal." Never the less, the professor smiles, waves, and moves the barge out into the stream once more.

Gerald laughs. "Can't blame him. This little expedition definitely went on the weird side somewhere. Next time we go on one of these, we'll definitely want people who're prepared to handle... well, the unexpected.'"

Wulfgang looks at Gerald, "So.. that precludes us then, doesn't it?" He smiles, and takes the helm of the boat.

"Perhaps," Fredric replies absently. "Next time." His gaze moves over the boat, the shore, the crowds along the bank, and his students. He seems to catch the import of what's being said. "You can joke, but I think you - WE - have all done quite well. And there will be a 'next time'. I think there must be." He points southwards, where the outermost precints of the City are just now coming into view. Beyond that, smoke corkscrews into the air from hundreds of chimneys. "What will they make of it all, I wonder? Will they ignore the danger? Or perhaps they'll take it _too_ seriously. I'm not sure which would be worse." He pulls out a notebook and makes some notations. "The public never has any perspective about these things."

"And there's more crystal spheres out there somewhere," Gerald points out. "Ours was just the First of Six. Who knows what dangers lurk amongst the others?"

Wulfgang nods. "The public, in general, trust the nobles to decide on these things for them. So that they can get on with growing crops and making more public."

Fredric's brows knit. "It's never as simple as that, Master Stentz, though given your father's station, I can see why you might believe it so." More softly, "But it's broadly true. People want to believe that they're safe, their world makes sense, and the ground under their feet is firm. We must tread carefully on their illusions."

Wulfgang says, "Everyone lives with their illusions. The onles who succeed are the ones who can make their delusions real."

---

There's a difference between discretion and subtlety. The crowd gathered at the docks looks much the same as the one that was there when the expedition departed eight weeks ago. It's even composed by many of the same people, and they're not a subtle bunch: longshoremen, sailors, merchants, and passers-by. Apart from a few police, there's little order to it, and no formal representative from the University.

The closest thing to a formal reception is a pack of about a dozen journalists, three from respectable newspapers and the rest from publications that are little more than weekly broadsheets. Their attention seems focussed on Fredric, who addresses them from atop a makeshift podium of packing crates, from notes he'd prepared in a pocket-journal.

One of the crowd detaches and moves towards the barge, where the rest of the expedition is still working. He's well-dressed, older than the students but younger than Fredric, who doesn't notice him. He props himself over an empty barrel. "Hey," he calls, just loud enough to be heard by those on board. "Didn't you have a metal man with you when you left? Or did he get devoured by the man-eating plants?"

Wulfgang's head looks over at the new man on the scene. "I may ask you, sir.." He begins, "What business would plants have eating metal?"

The man folds his arms and grins. "Oh, there's a new idea. S'pose they wouldn't, at that. So ... there weren't any carnivorous fauna?" He looks curiously over the boat. "It's just a few words for the press, you understand. We usually ask about the natives and their spears and their barbaric hunting rituals. But you went in the wrong direction for all that, right?" He grins again, like he expects everyone to know what he's talking about.

"Why're you asking us? Professor Frederic's telling everyone all about it over there," remarks Gerald, glancing up from a book.

Wulfgang crosses his arms over his chest, and looks at the man, "Oh, I'm certain we have little to no comment at this time on our happenings. But if your fine readers wish to catch up on the happenings of the expedition, I'm sure the University publication will be producing an account soon. Well, University soon, anyway."

The man looks disappointed. "Well, you were all there too, weren't you? Thought maybe you'd want to have your part in the tale told." He looks over at Cassandra and Alec for a long moment. Then he notices Choi standing quietly nearby, leaning on his brass-bound staff. The big easterner suddenly grins toothily, and the interloper looks away. "And the readers love a good ghost story." His grin is gone, and he seems to be thinking about something.

"Well, I can assure you of one thing, at least," Gerald says, having apparently stolen the man's grin. "Anthromachina 36 was not devoured by the carnivorous man-eating plants."

At last, the interloper seems to take the hint. "Well. Good for him, then. Wherever he's got to." He stands and pulls a small stack of calling cards out of a pocket and leans forward, then seems to think better of it and leaves them on top of the barrel. "If you change your mind, you can find me here." He moves off through the crowd, catching the tail end of Fredric's remarks. The professor seems to be excitedly talking about something related to layered sediment and exotic species of butterfly; the crowd of writers are pretending to be interested, if only for the showmanship of it.

Gerald glances at the card, and then at Wulfgang. "Y'know," he says quietly, "sooner or later, _someone's_ going to have to tell them about the carnivorous man-eating plants." The grin has been replaced by the quiet smile Gerald uses when he's discussing serious matters with a hint of levity.

Wulfgang looks back at Gerald, "Says who? Now they'll be after us all bloody day and night for tales of walking plants being rent limb from limb by attractive mountain girls.." He shakes his head, "We'll never catch a day's rest."

Cassandra watches the man go. "That was some sort of reporter?" she asks Alec. "You can make a living at that here?"

Alec shrugs helplessly. "I guess," he says at last. "The river made more sense than this lot though."

Wulfgang quips in, "In my epxerence, you can make a living out of anything."

"You heard what he said about natives and spears," Gerald remarks. "I bet he's the sort of 'reporter' who writes all kinds of nonsense that's fun to read. The best reason not to tell _him_ the whole story is that if he writes it, no one serious'll believe it."

---

Eventually, word does reach the University that the expedition has returned. Porters arrive to carry the gear across town, reminiscent of the boys' first trip to the dock months ago, when the crystal orb First of Six was discovered encysted in a calcified lump. Nobody makes them carry anything this time.

In fact, the whole trip up to the North Gate, and the University beyond, is a study in contrasts from that last trip. Nobody sees the world the same way. Cassandra and Alec are seeing the City for the first time. Gerald balances the familiar sights against the new knowledge swirling inside his head like burning embers in the wind. Wulfgang has proven the viability of steam power for river transport - and for land, if it comes to that.

Though there was a chance to bathe at the Fort, clothing and demeanor both bear the marks of an extended time in the bush. Fredric announces that the meeting with Bandwul cannot wait until the next day, but it can wait long enough for everyone to have a bath and find fresh clothes. And so it is that, just after dusk, the Expedition arrives at the Chancellor's office. The campus at large has retired for the evening: teachers to rest, students to studies or the games students play. The oversize conference table is lit with oil and gas lamps. Bandwul invites everyone to sit, and takes his own seat at the head.

Bandwul smiles at Fredric, though somehow the gesture doesn't make it all the way across his face. "Welcome back, Professor. Students. Now if you'd perhaps tell me what all the fuss is about."

---

Wulfgang has little to say, but can say much. Once in the safety of the University, he feels much more comfortable talking, and does tell his story. Little is embellished, and little is left out. Generally calling on Fredric, Gerald, and the others to fill in gaps or collaborate events tends to speed up the process. Plus Gerald has much to say that happened to no one else.

And Gerald, for his part, is eager to tell everything. Or at least as much as he can remember - there was far more information than he could possibly absorb in one sitting. But there was at least room for the story of how mankind came to be on this world - a story that takes all of the various stories of coming from caves or the stars, ties them all together, and then turns them on their head. And amongst this tale there's even room for him to tell about the new science of magic he's been working on. The invention of the amphibious steam barge, amongst all this, is almost an afterthought.

Cassandra tells of her encounter with the Herald, beginning with her getting caught in the mysterious storm outside Fort Hammer, and quickly skipping past fever dreams to the exorcism conducted by Anthromachina 36. She speaks as she's heard the soldiers give their reports: concise, with times and facts, but some of her fear does leak through... as does her suspicion of the Red Life. She glosses over the problems with her father.

For the most part, Fredric allows the students to drive the conversation. Himself, Choi, and Alec provide a quiet, solid backdrop to the discussion; Fredric only intervenes with specific facts and figures, sometimes 'interpreting' for Bandwul.

Bandwul has sent out for coffee twice; a different porter delivers it each time, wearing the canvas apron that is the de-facto uniform of the staff. It's close to midnight when it's all done, and Bandwul rings for the porter once more. He removes his glasses and rubs the bridge of his nose. "And I'm to believe all this, Fredric?"

Alec has been quiet, but now he rises abruptly and extends his hand. "Pleasure to meet you, sir. Alec Teague."

Bandwul seems surprised, but smiles, rises, and extends his own hand. "Stephan Bandwul, Chancellor." His face changes as his hand closes around Alec's. "Oh my, lad, I'm sorry. Perhaps we should have started a fire."

Alec holds the grip. "I shoulda drowned and died in the Ice Valley River, sir," he says. "I was down too long. I was saved, 'cause I had a part to play in somethin' larger. So did these boys. So did my sister." He stares the chancellor in the eye for long seconds, finally letting go. "Now they didn't go an' risk their lives away from the comforts of home an' hearth, an' almost get killed, so they could come back and _waste your time with lies_, did they sir."

Bandwul looks confused, glancing at his hand as if failing to comprehend why it's still in Alec's grip. About halfway through the young man's speech, he seems to catch on to what's happening, and looks Alec right in the face. It's obvious that Bandwul is one of those sorts who can look right at you and never notice your face, but just at this moment, he fully understands what he's seeing and hearing.

Alec nods politely and resumes his seat.

To his credit, the old man doesn't flinch. "No, Alec Teague. They didn't do all that to come back and spin me a mile of yarn." He flexes his fingers and resumes his own seat. "In fact, it's easy enough to believe all you've said, even not having read Professor Fredric's journal, though perhaps I wish it wasn't."

He looks over the pile of handwritten notes in front of him. "You see... the case of Miss Teague's possession... is no longer unique."