Based on 36's analysis of the plants still clinging to a salvaged chunk of a crude raft, the explorers have agreed to take the right fork in the river. This fork heads more eastward than the other, but may still intersect the same escarpment that the explorers seek.

"We're really off the map now," Fredric comments. He unpacks a box of navigation instruments and opens a new notebook. "We really should have sent someone up here earlier," he mutters as he sharpens another pencil. "We send ships around the world but never bothered to look in our own back yard."

The high banks of the river are overgrown with weeds and brambles. The trees tower over the river, admitting only a band of unobstructed sunlight; great rope-like tangles of moss hang like ropes from the branches. Everywhere there's a smell of earth and leaves.

Cassandra creeps up to the prow of the barge and sniffs. "What's that smell?"

Rodrigo inhales deeply. "Trees," he says diffidently.

Cassandra glares at Rodrigo. "No. The other smell."

"Smoke," Choi announces. "From upriver." He points, but there's nothing visible except the wide, tall corridor of stream and forest ahead.

36 clacks and whirrs but says nothing. He's been quiet since his announcement of intent to pursue the unknown course, and without a sense of smell of his own, he can only observe the humans as they delve into their strange foreign universe of scent.

Some time passes, perhaps an hour. The boat travels another nine miles upriver.

The boat moves further down the river, and Gerald seems mystified. "Maybe it's because I grew up in a city," he says. "But I still don't think I can smell anything." He smiles bashfully at Cassandra. "Sorry."

Wulfgang makes a show of trying to pick up the scent. "Nothing. I think Gerald's right. We can't find it because we're too civilized."

Gerald nods in agreement with Wulfgang. "Yes. If we were looking for something that _wasn't_ natural..." he begins, and then trails off, peering onto the weeds on the riverbank. "Like that," he says, more quietly, pointing out what looks like a barge dock, carefully concealed amidst the weeds overgrowing the bank.

The barge crunches up against the dock. A lot of the brambles are old and dry, and fall into the water with loud snapping noises. The dock isn't that big, perhaps enough for a few canoes, and it's not all that well made. There's the remains of a ramp going up the bank, crudely worked and heavily mildewed. Wulfgang idles the steam engine and suddenly everything is very quiet.

It's been a while since anyone was here. 36 discovers an old lean-to, occupied now by a family of raccoons. Fredric finds a few large stones that were part of a fire ring; he scrapes away a few inches of old leaves with a trowel before finding coals. "It really depends on the rains around here, but it's been years since anything was burned here."

Looking at the lean-to, Gerald has a quick thought. He trots back to the boat and examines the wooden wreckage that had led them up this stretch of river, comparing it with the dock. Returning to the others, he says, "Yeah, this is the place. It looks like that wood we found came off the end of the dock here." He nods toward the woods. "Looks like a path this way, though. Maybe we'll find something more recent. Maybe whoever lived here just hasn't needed to go on the river lately."

Choi goes with Gerald, and retrieves a bundle of quarterstaves. He glances at Cassandra. "You know how to use these?"

Cassandra shakes her head. "No. Um... hold on." She retrieves her pack from the hut, and unwraps a short-sword. The scabbard bears the markings of an Army lieutenant; For Cassandra it almost a two-handed weapon. "OK. Ready."

Fredric's brows knit. "What are you worried about, Choi? There's nobody here."

"Maybe they don't want to be found," he replies, and distributes the staves.

Gerald holds his own staff with what, to an expert, would seem a clumsy and inexperienced posture; Choi clucks disapprovingly, and the lad tries to shape up a bit. "I'd just as soon not bother anyone who didn't want to be found," Gerald says. "But I'd also rather be able to get away with my hide intact if that's how things turned out." He looks down the trail. "_And_ who knows, maybe they do want to be bothered."

---

Rodrigo stays behind with the barge. The sphere, which has ever seemed to run on sunlight, is less active in the dim forest. That leaves Fredric, Choi, Cassandra, 36, Gerald, and Wulfgang to follow the trail inland, almost straight to the east. Like the old dock, the trail is poorly-maintained and has not been used for quite some time, but the scents of wood-fires are easily detectable now. The trail more or less ends at a low hill, but a little searching finds a better maintained trail.

This trail comes from the south and bends towards the northeast, and fresh footprints are visible in the dirt. They're from several different people, and only about half of them look like they have any kind of shoes.

36 clanks along, unable to muster any sort of stealth, and uncertain about what to do with the staff he's been given. Clumsy even under the best of circumstances, he has taken to holding it tightly in both hands, and despite this caution he almost loses it twice. He makes experimental use of it now, as footprints come into view, by supporting himself against it and leaning closer to inspect the prints.

Inspection of the nearby parts of the trail turn up prints from at least eight different people. Two sets appear to have shoes, though the soles are old and in poor repair. Two more sets of prints belong to adults, and the remaining four are smaller and look like they came from children. There doesn't seem to be a particular grouping. The prints head both north and south from here, though the smell of smoke seems to be blowing from the north.

"Maybe.. they are more experienzzed on thizz river," says 36 at last, pointing awkwardly with his stick along the northward trail.

It's early afternoon. Ten miles inland from the river, it's dim, warm and humid. The forest is mercifully missing the small, biting insects common in other parts of the world, and the humidity keeps the dust down. The team of explorers plods and clanks their way along the trail. 36 and Choi are at the front, and as they round a corner, they catch sight of two small children who have hidden (unsuccessfully) behind a fallen log.

The two children realize that they've been seen, and run away up the trail. They're dusty, barefoot, and dressed in simple brown clothing. They don't waste their breath on crying out.

36 grinds to a stop, with a handful of lazy flywheels screeching their protest as he does. He holds up a hand, but too late, and his frame shifts slightly in the best approximation of a shrug he's capable of mustering.

"Wait!" calls Gerald. "We mean you no..." but the children are already out of earshot. "...harm." He sighs. "Well, they know we're coming now. Probably for the best."

"Rustics," Cassandra says evenly. "They live out here, away from the cities and forts. Sometimes they cause trouble for father, sometimes they trade with the patrols. Mostly they just want to be left alone."

"So how would you recommend we approach them?" Gerald asks of Cassandra.

"If I remember right," she replies, "with a dozen men, armed but not threatening." She shrugs. "There's six of us. We should be okay."

---

The trail ends at a farmstead. There was a clearing here before, and it's been widened to about a mile square. Many tree stumps still remain. The lack of cover means that it's a lot brighter here, and a lot warmer. The crops seem to be mostly beans, soya and otherwise, ready for harvest.

The trail leads to a farmhouse of sorts, a ramshackle one-story assemblage of logs, sod, and thatch. The yard in front has been worn bare by the passage of feet; at its center is a cooking fire.

36 looks around with interest, studying the crops and the land. "Thizz is a farm," he announces to nobody in particular, for no great reason aside from his own satisfied curiosity.

Two men come up the trail towards the explorers. They're dressed about as well as the children, in homespun wool and leathers, though they do have boots that might have come from the City a long time ago. Both have muskets and sour expressions, though they aren't pointing their weapons at anyone yet.

"What do you make of them, then?" Fredric asks 36, apparently serious.

"They are farmerz," concludes 36 with an air of delight and self-assurance. He clanks forward.

The two men stop as 36 gets ahead of the group. They look a little confused by the spectacle of the short brass man, never mind the pack of city slickers in his wake. One slaps the other on the shoulder and guffaws. "Heh. Told ya. City folk. There's machines for everything there, they's even got machines for being in charge. You are the leader, right, metal man?" he asks 36, almost as an afterthought.

36 halts immediately. Without a word he half-turns and points at Fredric.

Fredric motions for the others to stop, and steps forward. "We don't really have a leader. We're from the University, have you heard of it? I'm a teacher there."

"Teacher?" the other man says. "Did we send for a teacher?" he asks the other.

"You might say we're explorers, too," Gerald pipes up, unbidden. "Though I guess you guys got here first."

"Ah, that figures," the first man says. "Nobody comes here on purpose." He slings his weapon. "Well. As long as you're here, we should be good neighbors. I'm Wil, this is Cane, by brother in law. I'm sure he'll forgive you for scaring his kids back there."

36 nods his head. "I apologize, zir," he announces to Cane.

Wil leads everyone to the yard in front of the farmhouse. The yard has long, high lean-tos on either side, which serve as a kind of barn. The farmhouse itself seems to be a single large room, shared by both families. Nearly everyone was out in the fields until a few minutes ago, when two of Cane's children came back, out of breath, shouting about 'pirates'. Having decided that the explorers aren't pirates (or any other kind of threat,) the parents send the children back out into the fields with scythes and backets for the harvest.

The local dialect is a little thick, but clearly the same language as the City. While the brothers go back into the fields to supervise the end of the day's work, their wives explain that this is one of eleven homesteads in the area, and the local settlers go back seventy or eighty years.

The question of why the settlement was founded seems to confuse everyone. The most lucid answer is given by Cane. "Everybody's got to live somewhere, right? So we live here. Same as everyone lives where they live. What difference does it make?"

While the men are out doing their own business, 36 is spending time with the womenfolk of the settlement. Specifically his interest in their crops has not gone unnoticed, and a few of the old words he uses for the plants growing nearby sparked a heated conversation between himself and one matron. Finally the metal shaman realizes that there's an important difference between what he knows, and what these people do - things which concern the spirits and the history of the herbs in question - and he metaphorically sits down and explains it.

"There iz something I know which I azzumed you did. I am sorry. Pleaze allow me to explain. There iz an essence to the herbz, a something which you can nurture or suppress. Fire and water together - boiling water - will allow you better rezultz. Obzerve." With practiced skill, 36 fills a pan full of water and gets to heating it. He manages to spill a few scalding drops on himself; although this is normal for him, the women look at him aghast. "And now..."

It takes a few tries. One matron is a middle-aged women who fancies herself as something of an expert on spices, and eventually she catches the trick of it. The younger woman is solemn. "Good medicine's hard to find," she says. "Thank you."

The matron's been watching Cassandra, Wulfgang, and Gerald. Finally she catches Gerald away for a moment. "Eh. That Cassie girl, is she your wife? Do you get married in that big City?"

Gerald blushes. "Uh, no, ma'am," he says sounding flustered. "We, uh, aren't anything. She's, uh, just traveling along with us. She's not from the City, actually. She's from Fort Hammer."

The woman looks incredulous, or at least confused. "You and the other boy. You're not farmers. Too soft. You work with your hands though," she says, pointing to scratches and callouses. "She walks like a soldier but's shaped like a lady. Nobody's wife yet, either. They kept you all in school until eighteen, hey? Or even twenty?"

"I work with machines," Gerald says. "So does Wulfgang. And there's a lot to learn at the University. It takes a long time." He smiles. "But Professor Frederic thinks we should learn things outside of school too."

"Ah yeah," she says; she seems to understand the words, if not the import. "Yeah. We should have a teacher here. Places with teachers, they get to stay kids longer." Her brows knit. "Or maybe you start having teachers when people are children for too long."

"Bit of both, I think," Gerald says. "When you want to do something that takes till you're eighteen to learn how to do properly, that's when you get teachers."

The matron seems to understand. "Oh yes. Well. We know farming by the time we're thirteen." She pats Gerald's shoulder in a gesture that is less motherly and more like 'hurry up'. "Well, guess I better let you figure out what you're going to do with your life, before you're an old man." She moves back towards the old iron cooking pot and her jars of herbs.

---

The stewing mass of coarsely-ground beans is poured out and baked into flat cakes; the cakes, in turn, are sandwiched over some kind of paste made from preserved meats. It's coarse food, but filling, and as night falls, Wil explains what he knows about the back country beyond the settlement.

Most of his knowledge comes from his grandfather, who in the early days of the settlement, spend a summer canoeing and hiking his way along this branch of the river. The man sounds like he may have been some kind of shaman, because visions he had along the way figure heavily. "On the other hand," Wil says in a conspiratorial tone, "he did have a tendency to drinkin' in the summer. So I think that a lot of the things he saw, came out of his old clay jug."

"Do stories of one called the Tall Man have any place in your lore?" asks 36 curiously.

Wil looks confused. "Who?"

"Anyway," Wil continues, "he went back along the river for days, more than a week he said, and found some weird foothills. He said they were shaped kinda like a cow-pie, and were real sandy and grassy. Not as many trees. They led to a cliff, so you could climb them slow and easy and get to the top."

"He said that the land on top of the cliff was like another world," Wil says. "Like a forest fire had gone through it and left swamps behind. Real nasty place. He saw some of his lights in the sky, and decided to come home the next day. Or maybe he got scared off, but he'd never admit that." Wil shrugs. "I dunno, maybe he ran out of booze."

"It appears that they do not," the shaman replies. "I have zpoken with spirits and those who traffic with spiritz on this river. I will continue my zearch. But thank you for the education, and for your hozpitality to uz all."