Lord Fowler's guests mingle on the back, a clean flat acre of green grass. The household staff circulates quietly and efficiently, pouring bottles of the household vintage - a mild red wine, aerated and unchilled.

It's an awkward situation for the boys. With the exception of Wulfgang, none of the students have attended such an event before, and find themselves at a loss for how to behave.

Wulfgang is excited, the flow of the social scene running through his veins once more. Filled with the energy that is being at a party again, running his game, he is eager to hit the scene and drudge up some gossip. After procuring his sifter of wine, he runs off to the first group of socialites, a couple of faces he can't quite put a name too. "Fredrick!" He says, and is caught by a glare from the whole party. Caught red-faced, Wulfgang cowers and withdraws himself back to Gerald and Alex.

Gerald and Alec have had their own concerns. Gerald attempts to answer a polite inquiry from a guild officer about his studies. Sadly, the man seems to lack genuine interest, and Gerald over-answers.

Alec, meanwhile, keeps a careful eye on Cassandra. Perhaps too careful; a young merchant approaches the lad and murmurs, "Faith, lad, if you've that much of an interest in her, you could just speak to her. No law against it."

Fredric is discussing something with an older bespectacled man; a few minutes later, a servant emerges from the house and brings the older man a leather-bound red book. Discussion of the volume seems to preoccupy them both.

Choi has been absent. It's a full fifteen minutes between Wulfgang's retreat and the appearance of the armsman at the back door of the kitchen. The normally unflappable Choi has an air of exasperation.

"Servant's quarters my ass," he mutters to alec. "Was I needed?"

Cassandra, at least, seems to understand these things. The affair on the lawn is, after all, an opportunity to meet and greet, and she has introduced herself to the host, Lord Fowler.

Fowler is young, for someone bearing the title of Lord. He views the world through a pince-nez, with bright eyes surrounded by worry lines. His sport coat is of an older cut and bears the family crest; the signet ring on his finger looks overly large, like it was meant for a bigger man.

Still, he seems to bear up with good grace as Cassandra makes the introductions. "The Steam Expedition," he grins. "I'm hononred to entertain intrepid explorers. But..." he pauses. "What of the famous brass homonculus?"

Wulfgang blinks, and thinks for a second... "Oh, you mean 36!" Wulfgang pauses, "He felt that he had unfinished business. He stayed behind, awaiting our return." Wulgand thinks on this, and seems a touch sad.

"It's a long story," Gerald says. "You'd have to understand about the red life, and the crystal city, and..." he begins.

Cassandra interrupts. "We've been invited to regale the Lord and her Ladyship this evening. Along with a selection of his honored guests," she adds.

"Yes," Fowler says, distractedly. "So sorry, that's what I came to inquire. You are young Stentz?" he seems surprised by Wulfgang's relative youth. "The leader?"

Wulfgang blinks, "Er.. Not as such." He looks around, specificially for his own parents, "Have my parents been exagurating again? Frederic was the leader. He was around here somewhere..."

Fowler's face shows a mixture of embarrassment and a little disappointment. "Oh... I see. Yes, your father... made certain claims. As did that newspaper. I shall ask your schoolmaster, theb, but I do hope you'll be joining us." He makes his excuses and goes towards Fredric.

Cassandra folds her hands and smiles faintly at the departing host. "Poor fellow," she says. "But fear not, Wulfgang. I know you've got it in you to live up to your reputation."

---

Fowler's guests are of low to middling social rank, so the party is a reserved affair of light drinks, outdoor buffet, and conversation. The former Lord Fowler, it seems, died shortly after winning the title in the last mayoral auction. The title and estate went to his eldest son by his third wife... a scandal, save that he had no other issue.

The new lord Fowler is a skilled winemaker, but the family is new to politics. Consequently, the party seems to be a solicitation for allies.

He's selected a variety of local merchants, guildsmen, and family to attend. These personages are as varied as rank allows: some self-important, some humble, some affable, some formal. Fredric relieves the earlier social awkwardness by briefly coaching the boys in a summary of the Expedition's story, in terms the socialites will accept. Most listen politely and ask few other questions. The biggest interest is from Lord and Lady Fowler themselves.

Also interested is the greybeard that Fredric spoke to earlier - a relation of Fowler's, some sort of uncle, in the publishing business. His volumes are often printed on the University's giant, automatic book mill - the largest steam driven machine known to the City.

Fowler, it seems, seeks 'farm mills' like the book mill, and brass vintners to supplement his own workers. Most of his guests are baffled and skeptical in the face of the idea. "How can a mechanical man live without spirit or ancestors?" some say. "But how, then, shall the working classes earn their wage?" ask others.

Wulfgang consiters this. "Surely anything we make of steam and brass will need people to repair it, direct it, make sure it's operating as it should. Supplies are still needed." Wulfgang shrugs, "Besides, who says that the mechanical man doesn't have a spirit?"

Gerald doesn't seem to be paying attention to the social debate. Rather, he's looking off into space, his hands twitching as if they want a sketchpad and pencil. He's already thinking about the design specifications of the farm mill.

Alec is content to listen calmly, arms folded. Some of this he won't hear; most of it he won't follow. But he's confident the boys will manage.

Wulfgang's answer, then is the canon one, and it has been heard before. But Fowler pushes a point: "You said your brass companion felt that he had unfinished business," he mentions. "That seems like a spiritual motive to me."

Gerald emerges from the mental fog of gears for a few moments to respond to that. "Anthromachina 36 is one of the most spiritual beings I've ever met." He pauses. "I'm not entirely sure I ever properly understood that, but that's how it was."

Several of the guests, the old uncle, are surprised by that. "That was the brass man, this... 36?" he asks. " He could walk and talk and express his wishes? And he did?"

Wulfgang nods emphatically, "And, beyond that. He had drive, determination. Some will to do things beyond simple tasks."

The uncle considers. "Perhaps the essence of spirit, is the ability to demand one's due," he says.

"Very well then," pipes up a merchant. "I demand the Mayorship!"

The joke elicits polite laughter... but some of these people, at least, walk away discussing the idea. Spirital machinery. Rights of spirits. Rights of men. Issues of class. The idea, it seems, is now in the air.

---

The party eventually winds down. Fowler thanks his guests in a brief speech. Many depart for the city; some few that are interested in doiing business with Fowler will stay the night in the Manor.

In addition to the University party and the Uncle, a Master from the teamster's guild and an officer of a minor banking house remain. These people gather for dinner as evening falls.

Ten guests gather around the long table in Fowler's gaslit dining room, with the Lord and Lady at either end.