36 disappears below the dark surface of the river. A mass of bubbles marks the spot where he went in. The crystal orb's frenetic flashing calms after a moment, leaving only the natural background of the night and river.

Fredric leans over the side of the barge. "Is this safe for him? I mean, we can just fish him out and wind him up, right?"

Gerald shivers inside the heavy cloth wrapped around him. "Safer than it'd be for me, I'll tell you that. But... yeah, I think so. He doesn't breathe. Besides, he asked us to."

The Colonel grunts. "I'll see who among the men is a decent swimmer, but we'll still need to wait until morning." He straightens and steps back onto the dock. "In the meantime, I would be honored if you would consider yourselves my guests. I'm going to tend to my daughter."

---

The colonel's daughter sleeps through the night, and is still sleeping at dawn. Among the soldiers at the fort, four are found who are expert swimmers, who might be able to retrieve 36 from the river.

The soldiers consider the exercise a novelty, something to relive the monotony of spending a winter at Fort Hammer. The first few dives do not go so well; the water is frigid and the soldiers can't spend very long in it.

Progress accelerates after a large bonfire fire is built near the docks. The swimmers are able to warn themselves between dives. Fredric watches, out of scientific curiosity; Choi, out of mere curiosity; and Rodrigo, out of concern for his barge.

Wulfgang looks at the divers, "Have you guys found him yet? Or are you still lookin'?"

One of the soldiers gets a rope around 36, and the task turns into one of brute force. An hour after dawn, the mechanical man is hauled up on shore. He leaves a trail of mud and weeds and rivulets where water drains from within his metal body.

The mechanical man is completely shut down. He's got damp foliage wrapped around his cables, grit stuck between his gears, and a sharp-edged rock wedged in precariously close to his spinal drive train. Worse, he doesn't seem responsive at all for several minutes.

Wulfgang runs off to get Gerald, "Hey.. Guy.. You gonna sleep through all this?"

Gerald doesn't acknowledge Wulfgang's presence until at least the third shake. "Mrf. Sleep through what?" he mumbles blearily. "Ow. Who turned the sun back on."

Wulfgang laughs at Gerald, "I know you wouldn't know it, but that happens every morning." He beams Gerald a smile, "THey pulled 36 out of the river, but..."

Gerald sits up, rubbing his eyes. "Oh, I know it. All too well," he says, then actually starts listening again. "But what? Is he all right?" he asks anxiously, looking for his clothes.

Wulfgang looks, "Well, he doesn't seem alright yet, anyway..."

Wulfgang runs off back to 36...

Seargent Jens finds the boys. "We've gotten your man out of the river," he reports. "He looks poorly. Fredric told us to ask you if we should bring him to the infirmary or the smithy."

Gerald is pulling on his shirt. "Looks poorly _physically_? Definitely the smithy," he says. "I'll be right there."

36 eventually comes to awareness of his surroundings... a human place. A forge, where tools are made and metal is shaped to serve man. Though he doesn't remember it, he knows his body came to be in a place much like this one.

Gerald is already working on the body, polishing a removed gear. "Is that you, 36?" he says, looking up at the swirling sphere, as if he'd somehow picked up the change in the atmosphere.

"Hello," the metal man announces. "Mr. Gerald. Please disengage my safety lever once repairs are complete."

Fredric grins. "He keeps on ticking. Carry on, lads. I'm going to see if we can parley your success into assitance from the Colonel."

Gerald removes the next gear in the chain and replaces the first. "So what happened with the Herald, anyway? Did it go away?" He grimaces at the mud caked on the gear. "Next time, maybe we should just carry you into the woods. This is a _mess_."

"Professor Fredric." 36's head doesn't turn, but his attention is redirected. "I spoke with the river. Alec's augury, which led him to gather herbs here, wazz delivered by a being called the Tall Man." His voice hums and glitches. ".. believe that this is tied to Lord Renforth Tys. Both beings sought the headwaters of the river a century before. The Lord was notably tall and lanky, and.." Again, the shaman's voice hisses into noise. ".. So, I believe they are connected."

"It alzo told me - the river that is - that the Herald's threatz have gone unrealized to this date. I believe that the trouble iz averted. However, I would ask that the camp here observe a taboo againzt visiting that area again."

Gerald seems to relax almost imperceptibly. Whatever is speaking, it is certainly not the Herald. That being didn't seem given to subtlety. The young machinist sets to his task with a will.

Fredric frowns. "So... the Tall Man is Lord Tys? Wouldn't that make him over a hundred and fifty years old? And who is the Tall Man anyway?"

"I do not know, zzir." 36's gears begin to jerk spasmodically, but no further motion is evident. "I only bring thiz to your attention."

Fredric tries to make sense of this' "How does one speak to a river?"

"You call and it answers, if it chooses," answers 36.

Fredric scratches his chin. "I suppose that it's possible, what 36 is saying. More immediately, though, we have our own expedition upriver. If we can get towed through the rapids, or even portage the boat, then we can easily reach the falls. To get upriver... I haven't figured that out yet. I'm open to suggestions, if the three of you have any ideas. Otherwise we'll borrow some horses and go overland, as far as we can."

Gerald stares at the last of the gears. "How are horses gonna carry 36? He's kind of heavy." He sounds lost in thought.

Fredric brushes a pile of wood shavings from a bench and sits. "He moves on his own," the professor hazards. "Just not very fast. Think you can get a steam engine to drive a horse? Or at least a cart?"

Wulfgang rubs his chin and blinks, "Hmm.. It might be possible.. but..."

"A... cart. Yeah... yeah, that makes sense." Gerald seems to be coming round, fastening the last gear into place and closing the access panel. "Yes, I can see it now. Just take the paddlewheel off and put cart wheels on instead. Brilliant. It's brilliant! You're a genius, Professor!" He gets up, grabbing a toolbox. "Where's the barge?"

Wulfgang blinks, "Wait. You're going to do what to the engine?"

Wulfgang says, "It's bad enough that it drives us up the river, but now you want to have it paddle us along a path?"

Fredric startles in the face of Gerald's sudden enthusiasm. "It's... still in the river. Where else would it be?"

"Of course!" Gerald yells at Wulfgang. "It's perfect! Come on, 36!" he says, yanking the drive lever. "I wanna try this out!" He turns, the toolbox jangling as he jogs out of the smithy.

36 unlocks immediately, his limbs reawakening to motion. And he promptly falls over.

Gerald doesn't even notice that the mechanical man has fallen behind. Instead, he's at the boat in the blink of an eye. "Wulfgang!" he shouts, not even looking behind to see if _he's_ followed. "Start the barge up for a moment! I need to check something!" He leaps aboard the barge and makes his way toward the paddlewheel, fishing a large wrench out of the toolbox.

Wulfgang runs after Gerald. "NO! No! You're not taking that thing apart!" He waves a spanner, chasing Gerald down, "We'll never get it back together again... He likes driving the boat..."

Gerald wheels around to face Wulfgang. "I _said_ start the barge!" he barks. "I need to work out the torque! The wheel speed for traveling on the river could be _all wrong_ for land travel!"

Wulfgang glares back at Gerald. "Yes. And? He LIKES riding up the river. He might hate the land! You don't know!" He looks over at teh engine. "Isn't anyone else going to back me up on this insanity?"

Rodrigo is in the bow of the barge. His attention is focussed on a long fishing pole, and so he misses the commotion caused by the boys. The hiss and whistle of the engine's valves catches his attention. "Hey! HEY! We're still moored!"

"You heard Fredric, Wulfgang!" shouts Gerald. "We can't get a barge up the rapids, much less the falls! You're right, though!" He spins round again. "We've got to rig up something so we can shift it from land to river by just changing out the parts. Let's see... some kind of way to disengage the axle..."

36 comes clanking along, making his slow and plodding way behind the boys.

Wulfgang shakes his head. "The prop uses direct torque.... there's too much resistance, it'll srip out gears otherwise...." He sounds resigned.. He nolonger threatening anyone with tools, at least.

Wulfgang notices the presence of Choi first. The tall, normally silent man is standing on the dock, between and to the side of the two boys. His arms are folded, and he has an inquisitive look on his face.

Wulfgang waves over to Choi. "Hey there, Choi! It's not women this time, I'm sure you'll be grateful." Wulfgang winks at Gerald.

Gerald blinks at Wulfgang. "What? Oh, hi, Choi," he says. "Yeah, we'll totally need to re-gear. Damn... do we have enough spare parts? I don't wanna have to take this thing apart every time we switch over..." He continues, off in a world of his own, full of gear ratios and camshafts.

Choi nods. "Play nice, boys." He retreats to the bow and takes up Rodrigo's fishing pole.

Wulfgang says, "I'm sure the Army would supply some scrap metal and smithy time. Given the alternatives presented."

Fredric nods his head. "This new generation. So hasty." Then, more seriously, "Did you happen to notice? The Colonel built a full smithy here, and our credibility is quite high right now."

"Yeah, that'll help," says Gerald, almost in a fever. "I'm gonna need twice as many gears for this. And a lever. Oh, and we'll need cart wheels." He looks over the barge. "Actually, we'll need really big cart wheels."

While Gerald triws to rig up the drive traim to the largish cart that has been fashioned for us, Wulfgang is starting to develop the linkage between the ENgine and whatever power distribution system we will have. He manages to get the Engine modified so that it can drop into the frame on the cart.

Gerald quickly runs out of slates for his calculations, and is forced to resort to using the river mud for his designs, Finally, though, he's satisfied, and is soon putting together the collection of gears he'll need. He goes through most of the engine's spares in the process... and finds that some of the shapes he needs are missing. "They're all round! I need elliptical!" he shouts, before storming off to the forge.

Wulfgang calls after Gerald, "Of course they're round!" He grumbles as Gerald storms off.

Hours later, covered in sweat, Gerald is triumphantly bringing back the eccentric gears that will form the crucial linkage to allow the machine to change gears quickly. "See, Wulfgang?" he says, slotting two of them into place and turning them. "If the two gears are the _right_ shape, they stay meshed! And it applies uneven force through the cycle!" He picks up a saw. "Now I just need to finish making the frame..." he begins, drawing the saw sharply across one of the timbers only to have it splinter under him. He rattles off a string of curses.

Several splintered boards later, Gerald shakes his head, some of the feverish energy beginning to cool off. "All right... I think I've overdone it for today. Keep trying to think about wood as if it were metal, and it just won't work. Maybe after a good night's sleep I can get my mind right."

Wulfgang pats Gerald and nods. "Once the cart is done, we'll have 36 move the engine into position."

Gerald smiles. "Where is he, anyway?"

36 has been spending his time drafting a manuscript of the events surrounding the girl's possession, using the notes Wulfgang took. He ensures that this will be delivered to the commander of the settlement - but also wants Fredric to have a copy.

Fredric finds 36 late in the day. "I wanted to see how you were faring, after your swimming trip. They told me you were in here, writing. I've heard of your Illumination." He looks aver 36's shoulder. "The exorcism. I see."

"When a seed grows, it must grow into a flower, and spread its own seeds," 36 explains. "For me, my garden. For you, knowledge."

Fredric nods. "I see. And our theories are like living things as well, recombining and propogating... hmm." He scratches his chin. "There's an important idea in there, somewhere."

"Did you visit my garden when you were a student, Professor Fredric?" asks 36, still laboriously working on his art.

Fredric looks embarrassed. "I did, but at the time, I didn't know that it was yours. You've become a fixture, like the sundial, or Bandwul. Moreso, you're older than he is."

"That is why I haven't grown, the way your students have," says 36 softly. "Now that is changing. I hope."

---

After a good night's sleep - and to be sure, another rude awakening - Gerald finally is able to apply his mind properly to the task of creating the frame and steering mechanisms for the new device. As the sun begins to creep past noon, Gerald says, "Ready!" Wulfgang nods, and starts the steam engine.

The paddlewheel begins to turn again, and the boat creeps toward the shore, setting Rodrigo's teeth on edge - to him, this looks like deliberately crashing the barge! But the broad front wheels make contact with the bottom, and the paddle strains - unable to exert enough force to pull the boat over the edge.

"Now!" shouts Gerald, pulling the great lever beside the wheel. Gears clank as they separate from the paddlewheel and engage with the front wheels. With a loud **clonk**, the wheels begin to turn... and slowly, the boat begins to edge up onto land.

As it surfaces, water dripping from the underside, Gerald cackles with glee. "It works! It works! Wait!" he yells, whirling round and hauling on a rope. The paddlewheel begins to hoist up on its pulleys, and wooden braces slide down until they engage with slots on the frame. This keeps the paddles won't drag on the ground - and just in time, as the barge - now a motorized cart - finishe surfacing. "Whew," says Gerald, panting. "Wheel's... heavy. Need... more pulleys. Or someone stronger."

Gerald turns... and begins to laugh again, in delight. "Well, Fredric? Think we can get past the rapids on this?"

Fredric applauds. "Yes! Emphatically, yes!"

Gerald looks down as the ground rolls by. "Slower than horses, though. Slower than mules, come to think of it. Oh well, it beats walking."

"You say what you want," Choi adds laconically. "I say, it beats _crashing_."