> (OOC) Log "Tys-2011-07-14" started by TysGM at Thu Jul 14 21:38:01 2011 CDT (OOC)

The reception on the Fowler lawn is winding down; soon it will be evening. Once again, the Steam Heros have planted the seed of an idea in the minds of Fowler's guests. First came the railway; now comes colonization.

> (OOC) Wulfgang has connected.

> (OOC) Wulfgang says, "Sorry, apperantly my client needs keepalives or something."

It won't happen overnight, but colonization answers one question: where should the rails be built? And the answer is: Everywhere. Anywhere the rails go, people can live. The words 'Rail Fleet' are making the rounds. It seems the Summer of Steam won't end with the coming of fall.

The chattering dignitaries wander off, leaving the Steam Heroes to their own devices. Sonja invites interested parties to her temporary quarters in the observatory, to discuss a book she's brought back from the west.

The young astronomer dons a pair of white cotton gloves and carefully opens a wooden box. The withdraws a smaller bundle from within, wrapped in old newspapers; these she carefully removes, revealing a large, leather-bound volume that's over a foot tall and about four inches thick. She lays it carefully on the table and opens to a red silk bookmark. It's a beautifully illuminated manuscript, written on a heavy, durable paper that is nevertheless smooth and flawless. It almost glows in the late rays of afternoon sun slanting in through the open telescope dome.

"It's a rare volume," Sonja says, in a low tone. "Part of a monastic canon. Each volume is meant to last a thousand years. I'm quite certain that the man who sold it to me, came by it illicitly, because in the West, books like these are either family heirlooms or national treasures." She pauses. "Of course, I'd return it to the proper owner, if I knew who they were. But for now it's safest in the University's hands."

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Any particular comment at this point?"

> (OOC) Gerald has reconnected.

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Mike, you might want to read backscroll."

> (OOC) Alec says, "did you mean Cassandra to say that, or Sonja?"

Gerald reaches out for the volume almost as soon as he sees it, pulling back his hand just in time. "It's beautiful," he says. "But what's it _about_?"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Yeah, that was Sonja."

"Heroics," Sonja replies. "Or more accurately, official records of heroic deeds. Many churches in the Western lands have a formal tradition of recording the deeds of important figures. Once written, it becomes an official history." She turns a few pages back. "I've heard that the western kingdoms sometimes have civil wars about which version of a tale to believe, and who gets to be included in the canon. I'd say it's barbaric, but... well. We came from there. Our ancestors, I mean. Five centuries ago, when the City was founded."

"If you ask me," says Gerald, "the only barbaric part is where the records are uncertain enough that you _have_ to have a war." He rubs his chin. "Even so... if you're going to have anything like a study of history, you'll need books like these, if only to know where to start looking."

"That's also a frequent concern in Western literature," Sonja adds. "Where to start looking. Many of these are chronicles of itinerant knights, wandering holy men, and the like, on quests after vaguely-described artifacts whose whereabouts are not reliably known." She sounds a bit annoyed at the idea, just short of contemptuous. "So many lads who went off for forty years around mountains and wilderness. It makes for rather tedious reading."

Wulfgang slimes at this last and shrugs, "I dunno. The life some lead, I could see wandering off alone for several years to be a perk of the job." He beams a wide smile, "Not for myself, of course."

> (OOC) Alec says, "I think part of that was meant to be OOC"

> (OOC) Gerald says, "Yeah. blah"

> (OOC) Gerald kills 19. Anywa, so do we have 1/6?

> (OOC) TysGM says, "First came with you. It usually hangs around in your lab in the mirror-engine that you made for it. It makes a pretty good lab assistant, but isn't much for conversation."

"Well, some artifacts are worth looking for," Gerald says. "I should introduce you to First of Six sometime." He muses briefly. "What manner of artifacts do these people go in search of? Just anything and everything people can think of, or are there any recurring themes?" He resolves to take some time to sit down and read the thing himself, should Sonja give him the opportunity.

> (OOC) Gerald is pumping for tales of crystals, by the way.

Isiah Fields has been peering at the book, but keeping his distance. "At least two themes, I should think," he murmurs. "And the first would be the Pentaereum." Sonja looks surprised; Fields frowns. "Contrary to what you might think, I did pay attention in class. But don't you think it's a stretch to fit these fellows into that old myth?"

> (OOC) Gerald says, "The what now?"

> (OOC) Gerald says, "I mean, is this something I should be asking about OOCly or ICly?"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "ICly, I think. I'm a little unclear on how you're 'pumping'. Apart from 'The crystals cannot have been far away'."

> (OOC) Gerald says, "OK. So what's this Pentaereum, and should Gerald have heard of it/"

> (OOC) TysGM hmm

"This is that business about the chronicler?" asks Alec.

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Gerald's never heard of it. It sounds like some kind of gear train to you."

Sonja nods. "Yes, the chronicler... nearly all canon stories, and all of these in this volume, are written in the third-person."

"Wait, hold on," says Gerald. "I admit I've been skimping on my mythology electives a bit, but what's this Pentaereum?"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Alec, I think you were about to say something. If it at all answers Gerald's question, I'm interested in hearing what Alec thinks this means."

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Keeping in mind that his training in mythology comes mostly from hallucinations following a near-drowning incident."

_And by skimping_, Gerald thinks to himself, _I mean avoiding any non-technical electives that Frederic didn't physically drag me into._

Alec goes on. "So we were just talkin' about this. Sonja says that Gerald here has a Chronicler, makin' it sound quite serious. Then there's talk of a book from the west, and Mr. Fields is identified as studyin' literature. So I reckon he's heard of this thing we were to be shown from the book. Ain't that the truth, Mr. Fields?"

Fields nods. "Yes, that's right. Canon tales are written in the third-person, but from the viewpoint of a witness who accompanies the hero. It seems to be part of the tradition - the canon tale has to have a blessed witness, a person with a holy mission to observe the event. So those are the first two parts of the Pentareum: the Hero, and Chronicler." He pauses to make sure that everyone's still following, then continues. "The other three being the Wise Man, the Clever Man, and - usually - the Trickster. Though the Trickster is also often a counfounding figure that gets in the way of things."

> (OOC) TysGM decides that Fields has more.

"That pattern of myth goes all the way back to Saint Augustus," Fields says, as Sonja carefully flips pages in the tome. "But that's all it is - a pattern of myth. A memorable storytelling device. It doesn't mean any more than than those fellows that claim to have grown an Augustus-shaped potato, or who slice a plank and then see him in the rings."

Alec turns his attention to Sonja. "Well ma'am, if it _were_ true, who d'you reckon would be who in this arrangement?"

Wulfgang looks over at Cassandra for a moment, then back at Alec with a huge grin.

Sonja merely points to a page. It seems to be the first page of a chapter, and it's beautifully illustrated; someone might have put months into this one image. The central figure is a severe-looking dark-haired man in metallic armor, seated on a heavy, angular chair made of some transparent substance. The style is shockingly realistic, as if done from life. Bright rays radiate out from the heavy chair; the ink on the page sparkles brightly, as if real gold and silver were part of the ink. The rest of the illumination looks grainy and washed out by comparison, a bunch of vaguely drawn cloaked humanoid figures of smaller stature.

"Remind you of anything you've heard lately," Sonja asks evenly.

Alec whistles appreciatively.

> (OOC) Gerald says, "I feel that I'm missing a connection here."

> (OOC) Wulfgang probably is too.

Gerald leans closer. "Is that... a crystal throne?" he says, wonderingly. "What does the tale have to say about it?"

> (OOC) Gerald catches one thread and tugs for all he's worth.

"That's exactly what it is," Sonja replies. "It's the foundation myth for half the Western faiths. Here, I'll read it to you."

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Unless anyone stops her, I'm going to abstract this part a bit."

> (OOC) Gerald says, "Sounds good."

---

It's a long story, made longer by heavy use of formal language. It starts with Augustine's boyhood in a remote town that was once a garrison for a much larger kingdom, and goes on to cover his youth, and the heroic quest of his adulthood. Sonja starts the reading, though Fields will often assist with the more metaphorical parts, or gently offer a correction. It's actually Fields who reads the last few pages.

> (OOC) Gerald has reconnected.

Augustus grew up in a dark age, a time of anarchy, plagues, and attacks by monsters. Spurred by dreams and holy visions from his ancestors, Augustus went on a quest for the fabled Throne of Virtue. He was encouraged by his father, who was some kind of minor noble, and opposed by his uncle, who was some kind of major noble. The whole enterprise seems to begin in earnest when an unnamed holy man came to town and prodded Augustus to take up the quest.

The middle part of the tale is forty years of Augustus' wanderings, naming many places that he visited and the monsters that he slew. Sonja supplements this part with a map, though the travelogue is vague and (Fields explains) in many parts may be complete fabrication. The holy man reappears many times, as does the dark Uncle. A trickster also appears, sometimes saving Augustus from jails and traps, and other times misleading him with false information and rumors. At all times he's accompanied by his best friend, a warrior named Christobal, and a nameless scribe who bears witness to everything.

> (OOC) Gerald has reconnected.

Finally, Augustus discovers a cathedral in a hidden glacier-choked valley deep in the Axeheads, a great mountain range diving the civilized West from the dragon-infested lands to the east. The Cathedral was a huge building, obviously made by a holy power, because it was in a virgin wilderness where no man had ever tread. And within, Augustus discovered the Throne of Virtue and took his seat upon it, beginning a golden age across the land.

> (OOC) Gerald says, "oh HO."

Augustus never left the Throne, but Christobal and the nameless scribe journeyed back to inhabited lands and told his tale to all who would listen. The Western calendar counts years from this date and marks it as the beginning of civilization, when the spread of law and virtue across the land put an end to war and drove the monsters back into the dark spaces from which they came.

---

The whole telling takes an hour and a half, by which time the sun has gone down and Fowler's servants are calling the guests to dinner. Fields is hoarse from speaking; Sonja, visibly fatigued. "So I ask again," she says. "Sound like anyone you know?"

> (OOC) TysGM invites comment. c\_c Otherwise, we'll wrap soon.

"If it had been a _golden_ throne, I would have dismissed it as myth and fable," says Gerald. "But a _crystal_ throne - that lends it an air of truth. And the Steam Expedition definitely found something a lot like this Cathedral." He rubs his chin. "Lord Tys never returned from his expedition..." And then grins. "Do you think Anthromachina Thirty-Six would look good in a woodcut?"

> (OOC) Alec figured Gerald had somethin to say, but will kick in if not

"Augustus is regarded as a lawgiver," Cassandra says. "36 was selfless. Not the type to give orders to people."

"Y'know, spirits choose mortals to do deeds for 'em," points out Alec. "Gerald, y'reckon that if there is somethin' to this business about Chroniclers and Heroes and the like, that the marks of the spirits' choice would weigh on such people? And if so, is this insight you've got now enough to discern it?"

"It's worth looking into," Gerald says. "Now that I know the right questions to ask. The Crystals have awakened the spirits of this world, and they may well set the patterns of behavior for those with the right... sensitivity. This Augustus surely had such a sensitivity, and the holy man must have as well."

"Besides that, I reckon someone oughta set out for that place sooner or later," muses Alec. "Your University can sponsor another expedition, let some other young fellers share in the glory."

> (OOC) Gerald says, "Also, before we go on: the geography of Augustus' Cathedral - does it match up with /our/ crystal city... or did we just get a new expedition hook? :D"

"Some other young fellows?" Cassandra asks, frowning. "Not us, big brother?" She looks sidelong at Wulfgang.

> (OOC) TysGM says, "You don't recall your lost city being stuck among glaciers and mountains. It was among hills, yes, but in an alpine meadow that probably only gets snow in winter. So either the tale is exaggerated, metaphorical, or refers to a different place."

"Those lords an' important folk, and Wulfgang's parents, have been chartin' our course for long enough," declares Alec firmly. "Ain't it our turn to chart someone else's course for a bit?"

Wulfgang looks sidelong back at Cassandra, "Don't look at me, he's your brother here. I had always assumed we would be going back sometime. Though I'm not sure laying rails is the best way to go about it." He smiles at Alec, "Or maybe just our own?"

"Laying rails to _our_ Cathedral is premature," Gerald says. "The monsters are far from defeated yet. We have unfinished business there, I think - though I would as soon let 36 have more time to see if he can make peace with them." He taps his chin. "But the place we found is hardly in a glacier-choked valley. Either that story is an exaggeration... or there are more places like that one. Which, frankly, I think is very likely. The reordering of this world for humanity can't possibly have been done _all_ from one place."

"Then how many sites are there, like this one, and the one you found in the north?" Sonja asks.

"Reckon there's five more," Alec answers promptly. "First o' six, right?"

Wulfgang says, "Though I doubt they are all in the north."

Wulfgang says, "Given everything they've done, I would expect them to be in equal intervals in a circle."

> (OOC) Alec says, "this is actually something 36 could answer in more detail, since he was also there for Frederick's 'six kingdoms of animals' routine"

> (OOC) TysGM nods

> (OOC) TysGM says, "But let's do that later. I think this is enough for now."

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Especially since it's been like three months since we last did anything."

> (OOC) TysGM says, "So unless someone squawks..."

> (OOC) Log "Tys-2011-07-14" stopped by TysGM at Thu Jul 14 23:54:01 2011 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) Log "Tys-2011-07-14" restarted by TysGM at Thu Jul 14 23:54:12 2011 CDT (OOC)

Alec thinks a minute further. "Gerald, I hate to put too much else on your shoulders, but ain't you fellas said that people from some other star or some other place come here and made all these things?" he asks carefully.

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Are you expecting a reply to that?"

> (OOC) Alec says, "yes actually"

Gerald nods. "Before man came here, the red life ruled this world. The crystals are part of... well, I'm starting to think it's some sort of _network_ that keeps the red life in hibernation. And the crystals are powered by sunlight."

"It's this rail business that got me to thinkin'," Alec explains. "If we're proposin' to have Mr. Stentz and his company haul wares for our colonists, we're supplyin' them with a rail to do so. And from the sound of it I reckon that the men who came here all those years back were colonizin' too. And they must have built these crystal thrones out of the same stuff, yet the sites are so far apart and remote. So where's their rails? I don't reckon you can lay track from star to star. So.. how did they get here?"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Man, I've given you a lot of NPC's, to have to guage all their reactions to that. o\_o"

> (OOC) Alec says, "eh?"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Cassandra will take it seriously. Sonja will go off and consider the astrophysics of hauling tons of stuff between stars. Fields will roll his eyes like 'Bloody scientific fantasists.'"

"The stars are..." begins Gerald, and tries to rack his brain for the memory of his own visit to the crystal city. Finally he manages, "They are much further away than I can imagine. So how they got here... I couldn't possibly say. But you must walk before you can run." He looks up at the sky, his eyes beginning to twinkle. "And before you can fly between the stars, you must fly through the air."

> (OOC) Gerald muhaha.

> (OOC) Alec says, "happy now GM? o\_o"

> (OOC) TysGM says, "Yes. Airship get."

> (OOC) Alec is done.

> (OOC) TysGM gives Wulfgang a moment to respond, if Brendan is still awake and not being hauled offline by family.

> (OOC) Log "Tys-2011-07-14" stopped by TysGM at Fri Jul 15 00:06:19 2011 CDT (OOC)