Typically, expeditions from the University are attached to a mission of one of the Fleets. Fredric's trip up the river is something new: there is no ship, no fleet, no grand tour of the world's oceans.

In this case, the route is far more constrained; the expedition will travel upriver. There's a narrow window of opportunity between the local thaw, and when melting further inland floods the river and create strong currents that prevent upriver travel. A handful of barges have wintered near the city and one in particular has agreed to take on passengers and their strange contraptions.

During the preparations, Wulfgang receives a surprise summons to the office of Bandwul, Chancellor of the University.

It's rare for a student to be summoned directly by Bandwul. Wulfgang finds the office, though generally spacious, slightly crowded by the presence of his own father and one of his several retainers. Fredric shows Wulfgang in, and whispers, "Relax, boy. You're not in trouble. Not with the University, anyway."

Wulfgang smirks at Bandwul. "Nervous? Who's nervous?" He takes a seat on the couch, in an exaggerated show of non chellance. He turns his head. "But, just for the sake of argument. Who AM I in trouble with?"

The elder Master Stentz is dressed in the fashion of an upper-middle class merchant, with a long dark coat and a brightly colored family crest on the shoulders. The retainer, a bald bear of a man called Choi, wears a shorter jacket with similar livery over heavy robes common among the eastern peoples. Choi grins, but says nothing; the father answers.

"Nobody as yet, my son, though I'm sure you've done nothing of which your mother would disapprove since coming here." It's unclear if the elder Stentz is making a reassurance, or a command. "I'm here to make an endowment. Specifically, to contribute to the young Professor's new expedition."

Wulfgang peers. "Ahh.. I see." He thinks this through for a second. He gets the idea. "So, I assume that I am to provide something with this endowment as well, yes, father?" He smiles. He has nothing against his old man personally, but ... His fancies are often beyond Wulfgang's comprehension.

Stentz smiles and leans back in his couch. "I've offered them an engine, and an ample supply of coal. And the services of two of my most trusted associates. The first, obviously, is yourself, to supervise its operation. The second is Choi - " the absence of Mister or Master is significant, but not offensive - " whose primary purpose is to ensure your safe return." Choi grins again, showing perfect teeth and many laugh lines.

Bandwul coughs. "Normally we wouldn't send a student into uncharted territoriy, but, uh..." Fredric glares at him for a moment, and Bandwul continues. "It's entirely up to you. Your standing with the Unviersity will not be affected if you refuse. If you choose to go, Fredric will of course supervise your studies so you may earn course credit."

Wulfgang nods to Choi. "How nice for you." He smirks at the balding man with the smiling face. He stands from his position on the couch. "Ah yes. But the University, can, of course, do nothing about my standing with my father." He nods to his dad. "Which is, of course, why he's here." Wulfgang nods, "Of course, I have little choice but to accept. I hope this puts me in enough good graces to be able to make a request at some future time..." He trails off, to see how this floats.

The elder Stentz chuckles, and levers himself upright. "These academics like to see their names in print, but so lightly do they make their ideas. Steam engines on a barge? A novelty. Steam engines on a ship?" His voice lowers, becoming conspiratorial. "This could be the making of us. Show us the trick of it, and we'll see what 'requests' can be made, eh?"

Wulfgang nods. "I have no other leverage. So we will have to see father, won't we..."

Stentz takes this as assent. "Of course. Good lad, good lad." He saunters for the door, turning to bow as he leaves. "Yes, science. I'm a big fan of science. Pleasure doing business with you, Chancellor! Fare thee well, my son. And, oh... this is for you." He tosses his silver-bound oak walking stick casually towards Wulfgang. "Choi will teach you how to use it!"

---

The riverside docks are a puny affair, compared to the great wharves at the ocean. They're still busy enough, though, and the preparations draw a crowd. It starts with the bargemen, spreads to the farmers, and eventually catches the ear of the press. The last crowd is the largest; every print shop in town is in the newspaper business, at least part time, even though they may publish only a weekly broadsheet.

Over the week, Fredric busies himself with granting interviews. Wulfgang's engine arrives, along with a cartload of coal to run it. 36 is drafted as a beast of burden, and plods steadily across the gangway for hours at a time, carrying crates of provision and buckets of coal onto the barge.

As one of the first observers of the diamond sphere, Gerald has been given responsibility for observing it, and 36. While his parents were less enthusiastic about the whole affair than Wulfgang's, they've granted their permission for this 'field trip'. The presence of Choi, the Stentz retainer, and Fredric, the seasoned explorer, were of great reassurance.

Gerald, meanwhile, has been working on a complicated series of mirrors and lenses to focus light onto the crystal sphere. In a way, the project is similar to a standard orrery, made easier by the fact that it only has to track the sun's movement, but harder by the fact that the mirrors and lenses have to maintain particular angles relative to the focus of the device. The project suffered a setback when he accidentally dropped a wrench from a ladder and seriously dented one of the largest mirrors, but he persists at his task.

The sphere seems to be more 'awake' than when it was first discovered, and it seems to know the purpose of Gerald's contraption. More than once, he notices the thing actually floating in midair, with sunlight scintillating from its facets. When the mirror array is finished, the sphere voluntarily settles into the central socket.

The engine, as these things go, isn't the easiest thing to work with. It takes Wulfgang a few tries to work out a gearing arrangement for the drive shaft and a pair of impellers recycled from water wheels. By the end of the week, though, the barge is out puffing through trials in the middle of the river. It can hold station and head upriver against the current at a steady eight knots - an amazing speed for a self-propelled craft.

The demonstration of upriver travel is what finally brings the most onlookers, especially from the dozens of barge crews wintering nearby. There are a few naysayers, who claim that steam isn't as reliable or 'pure' as a horse; and a few who worry for the security of their jobs in the face of steam power. The concensus, however, is that coal has at least the virtue of working whether you feed it or not; and that any replacement of man by machine must be far in the future.

"Machine won't replace man?" Fredric quips when he comes back from the rumormill. "They're paying insufficient attention to 36 here." The stout automaton has been quietly puffing crates back and forth across the gangway all week; a few journalists have stopped to make sketches of the little metal man. "Some have gone so far as to ask me when more of his model will be available in the market!"

Wulfgang beams a grin as 36 takes some of the heat. He is still rubbing his hands, having gotten one of them stuck between a couple of unfortunate gears in his first attempt at the linkage. He has been busy, spending his time trying to make sure the coal fed steam engine performs. Sure, he hates the thing, but a carrot has been dangled for Wulfgang.

During the time that 36 hasn't been moving freight, he's been curiously trying to inspect the work that Gerald is doing, and more importantly to gauge the reactions of the 'voice' in the sphere to the newly-added sunlight.

Even after getting the basic principle of operation down, Gerald can't resist the temptation to add a few more mirrors or lenses. The result is a rather remarkably ungainly contraption, whirring and buzzing. "At least it doesn't have to run at night," Gerald comments to 36, as he cranks up one of the ponderous springs in the pre-dawn light. "I'd go nuts if I had to keep this wound up full-time."

Wulfgang looks over Gerald's shoulder as he tinkers with the contraption, his focus much more on the contraption's payload rather than the design itself. "So how is our little sun?" He asks, THe question posed to both Gerald and 36.

The sphere's 'voice' seems clearer, since Gerald's constuction of the mirror array. Nestled in the center of the contraption, it looks like nothing so much as the center of a giant metal and brass daisy.36 can make out something like words now. _I am from the first of six cardinal points. I no longer hear the voices of my masters. I must return home._ And at other times, _Have you heard the voice of my masters? Where have the old ones gone?_

36 hauls the contraption closer to the door to the boat's interior and carefully sets it down. "Pleaze wait inzide," he instructs carefully, speaking to his human companions.

At high noon, with the barge loaded and the engine in place, and Fredric ashore doing the paperwork, the students and 36 are left alone with the sphere. The barge is some forty feet long and ten feet wide, with a one-room cabin amidships where the crew sleeps. Louvres in the roof and windows let in a fair amount of sunlight.

Wulfgang steps into the cabin at 36's prompting, plopping down on his bedroll inside of the cabin.

36 hunkers down, gears and pulleys grinding, and begins trilling softly. It sounds like music at first, quickly shifting into something more akin to a swarm of bees.

The sphere seems to sense 36's presence for the first time. _I hear you. I do not know you. Who are we?_

Gerald takes one look at his sun-machine's new home and immediately steps out again, returning with several balks of timber and woodworking tools. "Let's see... I bet I can rig something up with a gyroscope and a cradle to keep this thing pointing sunward when the barge is moving..." he mumbles to himself, drawing engineering sketches on a slate.

"We are experiment 36 and a diamond dredged up from the mud," the mechanical man says aloud.

The sphere speaks through 36. "Yes. I am of diamond. There was a mudslide. I was washed away from my home, the First-Of-Six-Points. I no longer hear the voice of my home." There's a pause. "I know nothing of a 36th experiment. 36th of what series?"

The sound of chalk on slate from Gerald's corner is perceptibly slower. Although he isn't responding to the conversation yet, it's clear that his curiosity is piqued.

"Of experiments conducted at the University of Tys," 36 replies, apparently having a conversation with himself. "If you heard the voice of your home, would you recognize it from a distance?"

Wulfgang listens, "Actually, 36, I've kind of wondered that myself, honestly..." He hears the answer. "Oh. So there are five more of you?" He asks aloud, not sure of how this works.

"There are Six Points that are our homes, and they all speak to us. Or... spoke." There is a long moment's hesitation. "I do not know University-Of-Tys. I do not know this time or place."

"Do you _want_ to know, First-of-Six?" pipes up Gerald. "It would take some time to explain. Though..." He peers at his sketches. "I suppose we will _have_ quite some time, while we try to find your home."

Wulfgang notes, "I'm not even sure we CAN exmplain it's location in space.. ANyway. Since we dont' know any landmarks that he knows to relate it to him...."

There is a long pause. 36 gets the sense that the sphere, First-of-Six, is calling out to someone, and there is no answer. "I am far removed from my origin. Yes. Please tell me everything. My given purpose now is find a Point. Others of higher rank will instruct me there."

"What do the six points do? And what do you do?" asks 36.

There's a wash of concepts that 36 can't quite understand and a loud, confused buzzing from his speakers. "The Points are . I am born to travel and understand what I observe. The Point will

"What can we do to help you find a point. Can you at least tell direction?" Wulfgang asks.

"As far as time... I don't think we know that either. We _can_ tell you that it's been long enough since your mudslide that we humans had forgotten about the Six Points before you told us. Other than that..." Gerald rubs his chin, racking his brain for ways to provide a consistent calendar to an artifact that probably has no concept of the events in any human chronology he knows.

The sphere responds immediately. "Show me where we are. Let me observe the nearest stones."

Wulfgang looks to 36. "So.. we lift him?"

The sphere levitates out of the center of its brass flower, then settles back with a soft 'clink'. "Yes, please. I am not yet strong enough to move on my own. I see three of you. Which speaks to me?"

"I give you a voice through my body," 36 explains. "The University constructed it. Mr. Linkletter constructed what you are using now." He points a metal manipulator at Gerald.

Wulfgang waves. "I am Wulfgang."

"Understood. Thank you. Greetings, Linkletter and Wulfgang. Please show me geology.

"You're in a device to give you more sunlight, but it's cumbersome to carry," points out Gerald. "Will you need that device to observe the stones, or can you go without it for a while?"

"You could mount him ... in my hull," volunteers 36.

The sphere replies, "I need no device to observe. Bring me to something that persists over time. Mountain. River. Sea. Volcano. Valley. Allow its light to fall on me. Then bring me back to this amplifier."

Then, out of nowhere, the sphere says, "I believe you have done much to assist me, in building this machine. I regret that I am not allowed to compliment your workmanship."

With 36 solidly clasping the sphere in his hands, the three make a short trip on foot to the site of several huge boulders at a bend in the river. The sphere weakens outside of its amplifier, but it seems to recognize them. The sphere doesn't move from it's resting place, but 36 detects... something. Certainly concern. Not exactly excitement. "The hour is late indeed. I believe that I know this place. The First of Six is upriver from here. Many days on foot."

"Then it looks like we've got some travel ahead of us," says Gerald, nodding to Wulfgang. "Good thing we've got just the boat for it, eh?"