The students, the Professor, and Chang are at Fort Hammer. The Fort proper is about fifty meters on a side and surrounded by a high stockade fence, reinforced at the base by piles of boulders. A short dirt road leads from the docks to the front gate, where everyone is now face to face with a seargent named Jens. At the far side of the fort is a three-story building that wouldn't look out of place in Wulfgang's neighborhood, save for the hysterical female near its front steps. "They're already here!" she cries, battering uselessly at the two officers who try to haul her back inside.

Wulfgang looks at teh bag that 36 is offering the guard. He looks back up at the tower from which the screaming comes. He furrows his brow, "It seems she's alteady had too many."

Jens' hand had been inching towards the wooden club slung at his waist. He looks over the unlikely party, and overhears Wulfgang's remark. The soldier shrugs, and his arm moves away from the weapon. "She's been like that nearly a year," he says quietly. "The Captain's daughter. Drinkin' didn't help. Didn't hurt, either, but you can't keep a girl soused for life."

36 returns his attention to Fredric, and presses the bag against the man's arm in mute earnestness.

Gerald glances at 36's bag, and rubs his chin, remembering how it came into the machine-man's possession. "Well... I'm not sure, but we might be able to help. And then again, we might not. It's hard to tell."

Gerald's eyes then turn back to the girl. "Actually... yeah. We can't leave things as they are." He looks up at Fredric. "Sir... I do think we can do something to help. Can you... talk to the captain, or something?"

Fredric gently accepts the bag from 36, looking puzzled himself. "We're from the University. We are... we were heading upriver," he says absently to Jens. He looks inside the pouch, and then at his students, and seems to catch on. "But we offer our services. Has your physician examined her?"

Wulfgang beams a smile at Jens. "Besides, if she's been this way for a year, and she hasn't come out of it, how much more damage can we really do?"

Jens nods. "More than one. And three shamans." He points to the far side of the compound. "That barracks is empty while Third Squad is out in patrol. We'll put you in there, and I'll fill you in."

---

The barracks are spartan but in good repair. The wooden bunks and furnishings were probably made from the very trees cleared to make room for the fort. A sentry is posted outside the front door; however, the back door is unguarded, and neither door is locked.

Jens returns just before dusk. "Well then. Suppose I ought to tell you what's happening here."

"It all started last spring," he begins. "Captain Teague's son and daughter went riding one day. A storm blew down from the hills to the north - which was damned odd, to begin with. They didn't come back, so we went out looking on the following dawn. We found the boy, dazed and lost, a few hours later. The girl, we didn't find for another three days. She was shaky as well, but unharmed, or so we thought."

"A few weeks later," he continues, "She started having these hysterics. Physician says there's nothing wrong with her, but she has nightmares, is frightened by things that aren't there, hears voices. Her brother is fine, but neither remembers what happened after they were parted. She starts spending a lot of time in the Chapel, and she seems to get better. So the word among the men is, she had a nasty shock over getting lost in the back country, and got religion over it." He shrugs. "She's just a girl. That kind of thing happens."

Wulfgang blinks, "So wait... this is better?" He points over in the general direction of the fort. "THat didn't seem very good to me..."

"There izz an evil zzpirit," manages 36, glancing at Wulfgang and Fredric.

Wulfgang looks at 36. "Okay. How can we help you do something about it?"

"Spirit. Yes." Jens chews his lip before continuing. Fredric is scribbling in his everpresent notebook; Choi is sitting perfectly still in a wooden chair, arms crossed, eyes closed, expressionless. Sounds filter in from outside, of the encampment preparing for nightfall. "The Captain thought so, too. See, the back country isn't empty. There's trappers, shamans, settlers that have nothing to do with the City, all up and down the river. There was this one shaman who came in some times, and the Captain asked him to help. So they all lock themselves in the chapel - the parents, the girl, the brother, the shaman. I don't know what happened, but there was a lot of screaming. The shaman left before dawn. The girl was still... disturbed. And the Captain looked like he wanted to kill the man."

"The physician was there as well," Jens adds, "but he's gone back to the City since. Most of our people are here three seasons at a time. Captain Teague is different. He likes it here, wants to build it up into a real town. This whole mess..." Jens lowers his voice. "He'll never break. But it's sure bending him."

"Pleaze allow us to help," says 36 quietly. "This cannot continue."

Jens looks 36 over, but not exactly in the mechanical man's 'eyes'. He addresses Choi instead. "Are you their shaman?"

Choi shakes his head, then inclines it slightly in 36's direction. "Brass monk," he says, as casually as someone might say, "Cigarette lighter."

Jens looks from 36, to Wulfgang, to Gerald, and back to 36. "Really?" he asks; his unflappable soldier's demeanor has slipped. "You can build those?"

Fredric closes his notebook and rises. "It's a long-running experiment, and would take quite some time to explain. Mister Stentz and Mister Linkletter are particularly talented machinists, and 36 competent in shamanic matters. Now... I should like to see the doctor's notes. We will prepare our plan of action and present it to Captain Teague at his liesure." The Professor leads Jens to the door; the soldier almost salutes, but stops himself, and then takes off across the compound at a trot.

Fredric closes the door behind him. "I've seen possession. I've seen shamans cure it. But I don't know what we're doing, so I hope one of you does."

Wulfgang smiles at Fredric. "Well, 36 certainly seems determined. Which is incouraging, yes?"

---

The Lieutenant visits shortly thereafter, accompanied by the physician's records, and followed by Captain Teague. Teague is tall and fit, with dark hair and piercing eyes. He'd be the very image of a military officer, save for the weight that he seems to carry, and a look on his face between skepticism and resignation. "Jens tells me that you can help my daughter," he begins. "Please tell me what you wish to do."

"An exorcism wazz attempted before," buzzes 36 in his tinny voice. "I muzt know what happened."

Captain Teague retells the tale. The Shaman and the family kept vigil in the chapel until midnight. When the daughter, Cassandra, was seized by a nightmare, the Shaman began to pray; and then to shout. Cassandra got to her feet without waking, and physically struck the shaman; it took the doctor and the Captain to restrain her. The shaman fed her some kind of potion.

"She seemed to calm down," Teague continues. "But... well, to be brief, it nearly killed her. She got cold, the doctor said her heart was weakening, and he intervened. Cassandra spent the next week in the infirmary, drifting in and out of waking. I ran the Shaman out of here. Told him that if he returned, he'd be hanged." He sighs. "I may have been too hasty. Two more shamans came here in the following months. The next was reluctant to help us. We began the vigil, but as soon as Cassandra began her fit, he got up and left. He would barely speak to me; just said that it was beyond his power and marched out the gate. The last one..."

Teague ponders. "The final shaman was a fellow we'd never seen before. Came down the river in a canoe, but he looked like he might have been to the City before; some of his clothes looked like they could have come from my grandfather's wardrobe. He knew what our problem was. Just came up to the gate, said that he needed to see me. I asked him if he could help. He didn't say if he could; but he asked to see my daughter. She was in one of her more lucid states then. He just talked to her for an hour about life at the fort... and then he left. He said that he could not help me; but someone might follow who could."

The Captain leans back in his chair, looks at the cieling. "That was the end of summer. My son left soon after. He acts like I think he's responsible for Cassandra's problems. I don't. He should have taken better care of his family. But then, so too should I."

"We should see her now," concludes 36 after a moment. He pivots to face Fredric, extending his hands, waiting for the medicine pouch.

Wulfgang shrugs. Wulfgang was almost convinced to go find the third shaman, almost obviously the gentleman they had met last night, in the woods again. He turns to Choi. And winks. Slowly.

Choi nods, unsimiling. He makes a hand sign, known in the Stentz household as an admonition of caution.

The Captain leads everyone to the infirmary. Choi, Fredric, and the Lieutenant wait outside; with the students, the Captain, and the girl, it's somewhat crowded. Cassandra is propped up in bed, covered in a heavy wool blanket, although it isn't that cold. She looks to be about sixteen. Sweat has plastered strands of long, dark hair to her face, which might look tanned at other times, but at present looks pale and drawn. Her eyes flutter open at her father's approach, and she smiles weakly.

36 asks Wulfgang to take one of Fredric's note books and transcribe what he says and does. With a written record, the mechanical man begins to speak.

Wulfgang will obey, scribing quickly across the page. . o O ( I wish there was an easier way to make words... )

"Medicine pouch of herbz received from a shaman named Alec," buzzes 36 as he works. "Preparing a drink of the following ingredients..." He begins to enumerate the herbs in the bag, and prescribe their preparation, just as he's familiar with.

The Captain's head snaps around when 36 speaks, and even Cassandra perks up. "Alec? What do you know of Alec?"

"He gave uz these herbz," 36 explains. "He received an augury that it would be necessary."

The Lieutenant murmurs to Teague. "Sir, perhaps we should leave these people to their work. If your son is involved he has only the best of intentions." The captain pauses, and nods once, decisively. "Very well." They go outside.

36 leans forward, peering at the girl with his watery eyes. "Cazzandra," he says. "I am Experiment 36. How do you feel?"

Cassandra looks around the room. The light from outside is fading. The oil lamps flicker and the shadows ripple over the two boys, the girl, and the spiritual machine. "I hear it speaking," she says. "It frightens me. It tells me that more are coming. More like him." She sobs. "They're horrible things," she wails. "It says that they want to help, but all it brings are nightmares!"

36 nods slowly. "We have medicine. If you can allow it to zpeak now, I wish to speak to it. Otherwise, we may try the medizine."

Wulfgang is scribbling notes as fast as he can, eyes hardly moving up from the page.

Gerald has said nothing since entering the camp, but he's still on edge. Ever since they arrived at the fort, something has felt _wrong_, and since there's no sensible reason for it do so, that frustrates him all the more. All he knows is that he won't be satisfied until he understands what it is.

Cassandra shudders. "Prepare the potion. It is strongest when I sleep."

With the concoction prepared, 36 administers it carefully. As he does so, he turns his head to look at Gerald and Wulfgang. "If the spirit will leave her but must possess someone," he explains, "I will azk that it possess me instead. Please acquaint yourselves with my safety lever."

Wulfgang blinks, "Well.." He stamemrs a bit.. "I don't think.... I'm sure you'll do fine, 36..."

"If that _does_ happen... then what?" asks Gerald. "We just cart you around until we find an even stronger shaman?" He grimaces. "Oh, all right. I suppose it could do less harm with you that way, since _we_ don't have safety levers. But I don't like it."

"You will take me to the place where the girl was found," says 36. "I believe that the spirit does not wish to cauze mischief."

"I believe otherwise," says Gerald shortly, then bites his lip.

The mechanical man thinks a moment. "Mr. Gerald, what would happen if you put your prized tools into the steam engine we have?" he asks. "Not to repair it, but zimply inzerting them into the mechanisms?"

Wulfgang mutters under his breath, "I think several people would have strong words..."

Gerald stares at 36, then shakes his head. "Well... fine. I see what you're saying. You're the shaman - I'm just a mechanic," he says. "I'm just saying I have a bad feeling about this."

"It iz right that you say so," says 36, bobbing his head and causing gears to whine. "But.. we muzt relieve her distress."

"_That_ I can't argue with," agrees Gerald.

Fredric returns. The shutting of the door sounds loud in the still of early evening. "Alec is the Captain's son," he reports, as he settles quietly into a chair. "So who was the third shaman?"

Wulfgang ponders, "Well, they could be one in the same..."

Further discussion is delayed for some time. Cassandra's eyes open; she stares straight ahead, wide-eyed but otherwise expressionless. Her eyes settle just once on everyone's face - Fredric, Wulfgang, Gerald, and finally 36. "You," she says, in a low, gravelly voice, not at all the girl of a moment ago.

Gerald turns to face 'Cassandra' squarely. "Us," he says firmly. "Who are you and what do you want?" Too late, it occurs to him that letting 36 speak first might have been better.

The girl's eyes snap back to Gerald. "I am a herald," she says. "I bring good tidings. This world is to become a paradise. My brethren shall make it so."

"Who are you and your brethren?" asks 36.

Eyes snap back to 36. Once fixated, her eyes do not move, nor does Cassandra blink. The muscles in her neck are as taught as steel cables. Fredric slips forward to take her carotid pulse; the girl does not resist. "We bring life where there is none," she replies. "Who and what are you that can speak and breathe in this desert?

"I am Experiment 36," the machine answers. "You still possess this girl. You have told us who and what you are. You have probably spoken to others. What else do you need to accomplish? Perhapz we can help."

"Desert?" asks Gerald. "Perhaps there's an error in translation." He still doesn't trust this being. "What does this place lack, that you call it as dry as a desert?"

Eyes on Gerald. The girl's head moves so fast that it throws Fredric's hand away from her neck. "It is too cold here. It is too dry here. The air corrodes all that it touches. But it is raw material. As craftsmen are we."

Eyes snap back to 36. "You are artificial. We may make use of you..."

Cassandra slumps back to the bed, limp as a ragdoll. There's still the feeling of something unpleasant in the room.

Gerald looks around sharply. "Wulf, did you feel something just now?" he hisses urgently.

Wulfgang is still staring at the book, writing. He'll probably even write this down, "Yes, Gerald. I did." He says, almost in a deadpan.

"It has left the girl," 36 announces. "Please engage my safety lever. I will offer to engage with it safely."

Wulfgang looks at Gerald, "I think he means you..."

Gerald steps over to 36. "Is there anything else we can do to help?" His hand rests on the lever. He has no idea what happened, or what to do about it. It's a horrible feeling for a lad who's used to being in control.

"Please pull the lever," 36 directs. "I will attempt to keep it with me."

Gerald closes his eyes and tugs. He can feel the thrumming under his hand cease as the machinery is disengaged from the rotors embedded in 36's reservoir.

The burly metal device stiffens, but the watery eyes of Experiment 36 continue to stare out, and his voice continues to resonate from the sacred spring in his heart. "Thank you. Now, please remove Miss Cassandra to a safe distance."

Wulfgang blinks. "Hey Gerald. My hand is cramped. You write." She smiles, and moves to the bed, to heft Ms. Cassandra.

Gerald takes up the notepad, and glances at Choi, inclining his head in Wulfgang's direction. He doesn't know the family signals, but he knows potential trouble when he sees it. Though... in truth, he's maybe a little jealous he didn't think of it first.

Wulfgang has no trouble picking her up; the girl seems to have left about a gallon of sweat in the sheets, and was slender to begin with. Fredric seems a little scandalized, although scientific curiosity wins out. "Hey," he croaks. "Is it gone? I didn't see anything!"

"Professor, I have a request," announces 36. "At prezent it is contained. If we do not ezstablish......" His voice demodulates into what might be a chorus of liturgical hymns as sung by dying dog. ".. then...pleaze weight me down and put me into the river at a zafe distance from the encampment. In the morning, please retrieve me."

Fredric's confusion melts into resolve. "Yes, I see. Like drawing out a pest. Very well. What do we do until then?"

"We will.. continue to speak to it," concludes 36. "Pleaze bring the Captain."

Wulfgang blinks at 36. He hefts Cassandra up in his arms, although her weight is hardly bothering him. He nods as he hears the plan, then steps outside with the daughter, to see where dad wants her placed.

Choi comes to stand by Gerald, and shows him a different sign. "This one isn't from Stentz. This one is from eastern army. It means, 'girl that way'. We save next one for you," he grins.

Wulfgang gives Choi a kind of blank look, and goes to see the Captian.

Despite the tension in the air, and his concern for 36, Gerald can't help but chuckle.

Rather than bringing the Captain in, Fredric leads the small company of academics out. To your surprise, a crowd has gathered - every solder in the camp, and a fair number of civillains and people passing through, were gathered in silent prayer. The Captain kneels at the front of the crowd, next to him, someone who might be an army chaplain. His head elevates and he leaps to his feet when he sees Wulfgang carrying his daughter.

Wulfgang looks like a mouse who's just turned the corner and found the cat. "Er.. 36 said we should take her somewhere else.." He looks down the hall, "SOmewhere safer... er... sir..."

36 must be dragged out, which is no small burden. But he seems unbothered by it. "The spirit iz contained for now," he announces. "I can maintain it until I next zleep. I have asked Professor Fredric to drown me before that happenz, and retrieve me tomorrow. In the meantime, I believe that we can zpeak with the spirit. I wish for you to be prezent."

Choi hoists 36 easily, or at least, if it is any trouble for him, he doesn't let it show. Fredric adds, "Drowning 36 won't kill him. It's a figure of speech."

"Why the river, by the way, 36?" asks Gerald. "Is it... going to be trapped there? Or what?" He wants to ask more, but isn't sure if It is listening.

36 turns his attention inward, but speaks aloud - and the herald may do so as well, if it wishes. "Herald, you have not anzwered my question. Your mezzage has been delivered. Why do you remain here?"

Teague hears what everyone is saying, and seems to forget that Wulfgang is holding his daughter in her nightclothes. Still, the first thing he says is, "Lieutenant, get a stretcher, bring Cassandra to my house. My wife will look after her. I'm going with these fellows."

The Herald's reply buzzes forth from 36's speaker, in a fair approximation of the voice it had while possessing Cassandra. Or perhaps this is its true voice, and what was heard was merely an approximation made by the human throat. In any case, it comes out as an unpleasant hiss. "You hold us unfairly, machine. We were deceived. Release me."

"What would you do if I did," asks 36 evenly.

The thing, whatever it is, does not reply.

36 turns to look at Gerald. "I will be trapped there, and it will be with me. I believe that if none draw too close, it will have only me to possess. Is that not so, herald?"

Wulfgang helps Cassandra to teh stretcher that is hastily provided bya full compliment of 3 guards. He straightens back up, and turns to 36. "Those what practice, expect to recieve." He sighs. She was nice.

"It claims to bring good tidings, but refuses to explain what, or what it intends to do," says Gerald, speaking to 36 now. "In humans, we'd call that... what's the word... highly suspicious."

Wulfgang nods. "I'm not sure it has directly answered a question yet."

If the soldiers understand, they hide it well, and cart Cassandra off. The captain listens to the exchange. "You are an odd company," he states, "but you are honest. This thing is not. If it might infest someone else, let's be out of this place before it does so."

A thought occurs to 36. "Did you come here willingly, herald?" it asks.

The Herald takes a moment to answer. "I do only what I am meant to do," it replies. But there's something different in the voice, an evenness which was not there before.

"Like negotiating with a tornado," Gerald says quietly. "You are what you are. But _we_ are what _we_ are." he shakes his head.

"You have hurt people," 36 observes softly. "And you have tried to take my dream away from me. But if you dream with me, I will try to help you. And we will talk for as long as you wish."

36's speaker grate buzzes again. "Take me from this place," it says. "Take me distance towards the direction between the pole and the setting sun.

"Very well. And there is someone I wish you to meet," the metal man says quietly. "Captain, please convey my regards to your daughter when she wakes up."

The explorers, followed by the Captain, march towards the rough pier where Rodrigo and the barge await. Choi carries 36 on board, and for lack of other orders, places him in the shed, next to the crystal sphere and its whirring assembelage of mirrors.

Rodrigo is somewhat perplexed by the instructions to depart, but prepares anyway, enlisting Wulfgang and Gerald to prepare the engine so he can steer around the rapids. The Captain and Fredric are having a lengthy discussion near the bow; Choi, as usual, finds a quiet place to sit and says little.

Three minutes later, a loud babbling noise erupts from the shed, and more specifically from 36. The racket includes the voices of the crystal orb and the Herald, and (feebly) 36 himself. The orb itself is emitting bright flashes of light in every color of the rainbow.

Gerald rushes into the shed. "Damn. Should've kept him in the river till morning like he said. Would much rather have had the sphere in sunlight." He looks around. "Wulfgang, give me a hand!" He listens keenly for anything coherent in the babble.

Wulfgang helps Gerald drag 36 to the edge of the boat, and off.. then starts to pull him into the river.

The sphere rises from its cradle, and sinks after barely a second. It's flashing as much as ever, and emitting a buzzing sound as well, as if it were vibrating in place.

The heavy brass man goes over the side of the shallow boat with a loud splash, followed by Gerald, and then almost instantly by Choi, who catches the lad and hauls him to shore a short distance away. The sphere falls silent, and glows only dimly now, as if lit by a single star. Of the cacophonus voices, there is nothing.

Captain Teague and Fredric lean over the side of the boat, peering into the darkness. "Your metal man can't drown," Teague comments. "What about the spirit?"

Fredric sounds nonchalant. "We'll find out in the morning, won't we?"