The expedition has spent weeks in uncharted wilderness. Now on the return leg of their journey, they've camped on the edge of the great forest that lies between the Duchy's lowlands and the mysterious plateau of the Red Life and the Lost City. When everyone awakens the next morning, there's an unexpected visitor: Alec, brother of Cassandra, and wayward son of Captain Teague.

Alec yawns, flexes, starts rolling up his bedroll unconsciously, and rubs his eyes in the process. "Mornin'."

Wulfgang looks up from their camp. However, recognition washes over him as he looks up, and his head turns to Cassandra, arching an eyebrow.

Gerald sleepily half-opens his eyes. "Oh, uh. Hi. I... we've met you before, haven't we?" he says muzzily. He's a little slower on the uptake - especially first thing in the morning.

Alec eyes Gerald for a moment, then nods. "Yeah."

The sound of voices seems to awaken Cassandra, who slowly stirs and levers herself upright under a pile of wool blankets. Her gaze settles on Alec and her mouth drops open. She spends a full three seconds gaping in incomprehension before leaping up and charging across the camp, wrapping her arms around her brother in as much of an approximation of a bear hug as a slender girl can manage.

"You would not believe the things we have seen," she says, choking back several kinds of emotion.

Alec oofs, letting go of the bedroll as he's clobbered. "You're okay," he says with a relieved smile.

Wulfgang smiles, "We did say we would look after her well..."

"Oh yes. These boys and their tutors have kept me in quite excellent care," Cassandra says with a smirk. "But how did you get here? Have you seen father? And... what of the Herald? Did you fight off the Herald?" The questions come in a torrent, and by now the adults have awoken as well. Only Choi seems unsurprised; but little seems to surprise the big Easterner.

Alec blinks owlishly. He scratches the stubble on his cheek for a moment. Finally: "Well, things have been pretty quiet. I'm just here to make sure you're okay."

Alec shrugs a bit, disengaging himself. "Regardless, I'm here to accompany Cassandra. And whoever she's with, I guess." He reaches for his sword, scabbarded beside where he slept. "Got coffee?"

Wulfgang puls a pot o' Joe off the fire, "Backwoods style." He glances up, "Not that, I guess, You'd mind.."

Alec blinks. "Coffee has style?" Nevertheless he's got a tin cup and a thirst. After the first sip, things start to move in his head. "So where are we off to?"

"Home," Fredric says. "By way of Fort Hammer. Captain Teague will want to know that his children are safe." He pauses. "Master Alec, you did not say if your father had sent you." More gently, he asks, "May we assume that he has not?"

"Assume what you like," says the young man over the rim of his mug. "'s that where you're going, Cass?"

Gerald is chagrined that someone has beaten him to the coffee. "Well, _that_ was obscure," he comments, sipping from his own cup.

The question halts Cassandra as suddenly as Alec's arrival enlivened her. "I have to, don't I?" she says quietly. "And then I'd have to stay there." The saying of it drains the cheer from her.

Alec laughs. "You ran away, huh?" he asks, nodding at the others. "These boys wouldn't kidnap you. So, you think you'd _have_ to stay?"

Wulfgang perks up. "Couldn't. Probably."

Choi leans over Wulfgang. "'Probably'?" he says.

"She insisted on coming," Fredric says. "Cassandra followed us on foot for two days after we left Fort Hammer. We couldn't very well leave her behind. And... she's proven her worth." He pauses. "And I'm sorry, my lady, that I've never mentioned as much before."

Alec throws back a final throat-scalding swallow of coffee. "Ah, well. Go where you like then. I'll follow you." He puts the cup down and finishes attending to his bedding, packing it away in a leather knapsack.

Wulfgang smiles at Choi, "You never know what you're capable of, right?"

Choi chuckles. "Someday, I tell you where I met your father. When your mother is not around."

And so the day begins. Camp is broken quickly. The thick forest to the south obscures the sun, but the air is warming and the canopy is filled with birdsong. The lively, green environment is a stark contrast to the weeks in the highlands among the red life forms. The current and the steam engine carry the barge downstream, and there's plenty of time to fill Alec in on all that happened in the wilderness.

The river has many streams and tributaries. Floating with the current, the barge passes dozens of places where these join with the river. What would be a fork floating upstream, can often be missed going down. The barge passes one such merge between two large branches, and is a full mile downstream before Fredric leaps up and points. "Here! We've been here before! That's where we went right!"

"Yeah, don't do that," observes Alec.

"We learned a lot that way, though," Gerald says. "About the red life."

"The Herald's people," Cassandra adds. Something of her usual venom about the subject is missing.

"Exactly. You learned it up that way." Alec rolls his eyes as though this were obvious. "So? _Don't do that_."

Fredric frowns. "Are you saying... we shouldn't meddle with the invaders? Leave them to themselves to keep ourselves out of harm's way?"

Wulfgang looks between the speakers, and then resumes his routine idle tinkering with the steam engine. Heat and water so so much more sraight forward.

"Well... y'said they can't breathe down here, right?" Alec asks.

"They kept insisting they were coming," Gerald says. "After all, that's why the Herald _called_ himself that. Maybe they can change the atmosphere as they go."

Alec scratches the back of his neck. "You never considered maybe they were just bragging?" he asks finally.

"The air was thinner and foul, up on the plateau," Fredric says. "And the Herald did talk about being 'choked'. So... there may be some truth to it. Otherwise, why haven't any of their seeds made it downstream? Or... whatever they use to germinate?"

"Right. So.. if they ain't going to invade, let 'em alone," concludes Alec.

Wulfgang thinks for a moment. "But what sort of University would we be if we just left well enough alone?"

Fredric laughs. "Oh, my boy. That remark is worth a passing grade."

Alec shrugs again. He seems content that he's made his point, and sees no value in belaboring it further.