Everyone has gathered at the base of the amphitheater, a flat, clear area some fifty feet wide. The crystal spire rises from the center as if holding up the massive dome of rock over the buried city. Some of the lights have come on. Each is a tall, thin pole, higher than a man, whose tips emit a diffuse light without heat or flame. The light illuminates the rows of benches built into the walls of the amphitheater. The scene could easily be mistaken for the outdoors during a full moon, complete with a glint of sunlight high overhead, where the spire pierces the dome.

Gerald leads the way to a disturbance in the thin dust on the floor. "I woke up here," he states simply. "I don't know how I got here. I followed the streetlights to you."

36 recognizes the First of Six Points on sight, through long familiarity. He addresses the other. "Hello," he says, clicking his metal fingers together. "There iz another. Lord Renforth Tyz. He haz called uz here. Do you know of thiz?"

The sphere circles the spire. An humanoid figure is visible in the spire's depths, though unidentifiable. "Someone else came," the sphere buzzes. ""Ninety-nine years and one hundred nineteen days ago."

"That iz him." 36 wobbles a bit. "Pleaze go on."

"The dreams of the Point changed then," the sphere says. "Something new was added. An understanding of... fear. And hope, as well." The sphere stops, steady in front of the spire. "I think it comes from him that you seek."

"We have zpoken to him in dreamz," replies the metal man. "Iz it within your power to give him a voice here?"

"No," the sphere buzzes. It might be surprised. "Is it not within yours?"

36 shakes his head slowly. "He haz not rezponded to my callz since we arrived," he answers sadly. "Ztill... I will try here." He stares for a moment at the indistinct pillar, and settles down into a hunched position.

For some time, 36 is still, though not silent. Noises issue forth from his speaker grille, as if he's talking in his sleep.

Wulfgang glances over at 36 as he does his 'Shaman Stuff'. He swaggers over to Gerald, and smiles, patting him on the shoulder, "Hey bud. WHere you been, anyway. Some of us were worried about you."

"Right here, I guess," Gerald replies glibly. "I came through the windowed gallery, down the well with all the cables, and then picked the lock on that door... then through the cavern with all the living machines..." He trails off. "It gets kind of blurry there. Once the door opened, it got kind of loud and bright. This thing - " he points at the spire - "was speaking to me. I think."

Fredric, as usual, is taking notes and measurements. He attempts to dictate notes to Cassandra, but gives up when it becomes apparent that the girl is paying more attention to the shadows then his voice. He gives up and takes the notebook himself. "Living machines," he repeats. "So did you come straight down here then? Because everything upstairs looked like inert junk."

Wulfgang turns his attentions to the column... walking right up to it, he runs his fingers around it, "THis thing? Is it.. still talking to you?" He looks back at Gerald for a time, his eyes darting between Fredric and Cassy.

Gerald shakes his head. "No... well... I don't think so..." The youth sounds distracted. He lifts his hands before his face, studies his palms, and flexes his fingers. "It told me so much," he says, voice almost a whisper. "I don't think I could ever understand all of it..."

---

36 dreams. It is a strange experience, to be within the dreamer. On the one hand, it's easy to make contact. On the other... the thoughts of this place are still slow, even glacial, and its thoughts are alien. Mechanical. Though 36 wears a machine shell, he understands that the spirit behind this place is a different order of being - perhaps even a thing of pure artifice.

Discounting his waking companions, there is one more spark of natural intent within the city, at the base of the spire... a pool of some kind... a dreaming lake?

Suddenly 36 is aware of something he's never sensed before... anyone may glance into a mirror for long years and see only a reflection, but stare long and hard at the right time, and one may truly see oneself.

Abruptly 36 rises to his feet, gears whining and cables twanging in protest at the suddenness of the action. "Pleaze follow me," he announces, then tromps off. At his usual slow pace, this wouldn't be difficult.

36 leads the way to a nearby building, into a stairwell, and a basement level. The room is filled with long, narrow floor-to-cieling shelving units full of boxes bearing unreadable markings. He stops in front of a pile of apparently discarded crates at the rear of the room. The little machine-man patiently but determinedly pushes boxes aside, or lifts them and stacks them out of the way, until he's cleared a path to the back wall.

The wall appears solid enough, until 36 punches a gripper through a section near the floor, making a fist-sized hole and a brief rain of brittle rock chips. When 36 withdraws his fist a moment later, he's gripping a small red and yellow striped handle. Somewhere within the wall a mechanism clicks, and the panel swings outwards.

Beyond is a tunnel, barely man-sized. Unlike everything else in this underground complex, this one appears natural, or at least, minimal signs of tooling. It is also completely unlit.

The First sphere buzzes softly. "This place... is unknown to us."

Fredric hastily ties a thick piece of twine to a nearby shelf. "Lovely. Does anybody know where it goes then?"

"It iz known to me," hums 36 in response, rumbling down the tunnel.

The tunnel leads to a small network of similar passages, though they don't seem complex enough that there's a risk of losing the way. The walls are solid and glassy in places. It's a tight fit in places for Choi and Fredric, though no trouble at all for 36 and the spheres.

The tunnel does eventually widen. 36 is the first to exit into the cavern beyond, and he is sure that he looks upon the ultimate base of the spire.

---

The part of the spire that was visible aboveground was about mansized. Some two hundred feet below ground, it has widened to approximately twenty feet. Its base is submerged within an underground lake, and in the pale blue light radiating from the spire, the lake looks to be over a hundred feet across. The shape of the cavern is irregular, though roughly oblong, and something has carved a kind of shelf into the walls so one can easily walk its perimeter.

The spire emits the same blue light that was visible in the amphitheater, though brighter. The light from the submerged part shines clearly through the pristine waters of the underground lake. Visible within the crystal, just at the waterline, is the unmoving humanoid figure, clear as a fly trapped under glass.

The tall man's features are plainly visible in the blue glow, frozen and unchanging. It's a face from recent dream and nightmare, and also from portraits hung in the lecture halls at the University. Lord Renforth Tys.

Gerald gasps. "By all the gears in God's toolbox," he breathes. "_This_ is where he's been all this time?" The lad puts a hand into the water.

Wulfgang closes his eyes after getting a large eyeful of the room. He listens deeply for any voices he may hear, from anything in the cavern.

Cassandra, too, reaches a hand into the underground lake. Everyone seems to be reaching for the water, save for Fredric, still stunned to see the old Lord encased in crystal, and Choi, who watches Wulfgang warily.

Wulfgang shrugs, and pops his eyes open. There's something around, but it's not... He looks over at Cassandra, then at Gerald, "So?" He says, looking about him, "I wonder how they found this place."

"I think something here _wants_ to be found, if it approves of the seeker," Gerald says, nodding toward the crystal spire and letting the water flow through his fingers. "We have forgotten so much... but it's remembered here. No wonder Lord Tys came back."

"Something else," he adds, swirling the water. "This is one of the places where _our_ kind of life flowed out from. Green life. Something in the water drove back the red life - just like it does for this valley today, I suppose."

Cassandra withdraws her hand. "It is at peace," she says simply. "I don't sense the Herald, or the Tall Man." She sits down, legs crossed, staring across the lake in the dim blue light, suddenly looking small and worried.

"This iz the fuel for Experiment One," says Experiment 36, his head wobbling as he surveys the lake. "Now I muzt teach it form and zelf."

36 thinks a moment. "Mizter Gerald, Mizter Wulfgang," he calls. "Do you have parts here to contain water zafely and to open my pressure compartment?"

Wulfgang looks over at Gerald, "I think between us we probably have all teh mainenance tools that we would need. We might need to scrounge some materials though.." He cranes his head ove rto Gerald, to see if he has anything.

Gerald looks up. "Wait. Experiment One? You mean the water for the Anthromachina series came from here?" he asks 36.

"The water's propertiez are zufficiently unique to zupport that," explains 36. "I propoze to find out for sure."

"Ah," says Gerald. "Well, like Wulfgang said, we should have all the _tools..._" he begins, rummaging around in his toolkit. "Hmmm... we're gonna need something to make a vessel out of. I bet I've got some caulk in here, at least..."

The two crystal spheres float nearby, nearly motionless. "Some items may be in the city above," one says. "In truth, I have not attempted to understand the workings of 36 until now. I understood it to be a steam-powered automaton. I now confess ignorance. However..."

The sphere floats closer to 36. "In any case, what you propose to have done to your person, is necessarily at great personal risk."

"It iz imperative that we know more," 36 explains. "The zpirit which dwellz here haz not awoken further. What else would you do?"

"I do not know," the sphere replies. "Or I would be doing it."

---

Wulfgang and Gerald are quite familiar with 36's mechanisms by now, so there is little trouble in performing the requested modification. The others stay well away, particularly Cassandra, who seems fascinated and horrified at the same time. "They're so casual about it," she murmurs to Fredric. "It's like unscrewing the limbs from a pet. You don't think it can go well."

"36 is older that any of us," Fredric replies. "I am told that whatever it is that drives him, lives in that tank of water. It's been 'topped up' over the years, many times. I don't think this can kill him..." The professor sighs. "But how would I know?" A moment later, Gerald steps away, and Fredric pulls him aside. "Hey. You said something earlier, about this place wanting to be found, by the right kind of person. What did you mean by that? Is that anything to do with what 36 is trying?"

"I have no idea," says Gerald. "I know this place is a source of the green life - One of Six, I suppose. But whether the builders ever anticipated using the water to drive a clockwork machine, I have no idea." He nods toward the crystal spire where Lord Tys looks out over the water. "I suppose _he_ thought it was a good idea.""

Fredric nods. "Yes. Whatever else, we need to awaken the old man." After a pause, he adds, "I wonder if he'll want his estate back."

With the pressure vessel modified, mixing 36's internal fluid with the water from the lake doesn't take much time - about as much time as it does to boil a kettle, really. And when that interval has elapsed, Wulfgang withdraws the vessel from the lake and reinstalls it into 36's mechanical shell. The various dials and indicators come back to life, but the little machine does not begin moving immediately...

---

The metal shaman has a consciousness of sorts, a mentality. Now it finds itself staring. There's a rhythm that shudders through his physical frame, the motion of clockworks tightening themselves, akin to a heartbeat. He feels that, for he produces it himself. His limbs, however, no longer respond to control. They become more and more distant from him. The scene, likewise, is still present, but.. it's no longer proximate to him. He's being drawn away from it all, traveling without movement.

Voices, the distant babbling of humankind, pass by him. Months or years of conversation stretch out in a line for him, as though time ran from left to right rather than past to future. The clamor lacks coherence; it's just mortal talk. Here, at another angle to that, lies the speech of the world. Rocks, lakes, metal, weather. He recognizes the river in passing and bids it a silent greeting.

There is a time when there will be no more 36. He sees that, too, a time when one dream becomes another. He knows, somehow, that this happened before - the time before he was encased in this steel cage. That dream died so that he could live. Now he dies so that a new one can emerge. He feels a profound fear.

If he could call to his companions, perhaps they could somehow stop him from drowning in this river of endless time. If he could form words, call out, what would he say? Has anything been left unsaid? Perhaps..

Words croak from 36's speaker grille. The cadence is strange, though it still seems to be 36's voice, with its musical modulation and buzzing sibilants. "I remember," he says. The head clicks left and right, the big watery eyes fixating on faces. "Gerrr-ld. Wulfgaaang. Profezzor. Choi. Cazzzandra."

Wulfgang smirks a sarcastic smirk, "Well, that's good. He remembers us." He glances at Gerald, "Are we even supposed to be changing his water? Like a tune up or something?"

The eyes swivel sideways. Fixate on the lake, gaze into it for a long time. "I waz the lake. I waz also 36. I remember." Mechanical grippers come up before his eyes, flex, unflex, in a gesture similar to the one Gerald made. "I remember when the world began."

"How wonderful," breathes Gerald. "To remember such a thing." His gaze seems to come back into focus, and he turns to 36. "Who do you want to be?"

The little metal man wobbles, falls over onto his face, and slowly rights himself. "He understands now," he announces. "He haz a plan. He will require help." His head turns to look to Gerald and Wulfgang now. "We will explain."

Wulfgang looks back at 36, with an arches eyebrow. "We?"

The machine sits down carefully, and begins to tell his story.

Twelve millennia ago, the machines came to this world. 36 seems uncertain of just where they really did come from, but he mentions 'falling past the stars to the earth'. Regardless, their power over the elements was enough to push aside the foreign life that occupied the world and replace it with something new. Something which humans would find comfortable and familiar.

It seeded the world via this lake of mystic energy. Water here would flow elsewhere, bringing spirits to life or changing spirits it found - again, he doesn't seem quite certain, or at least doesn't resolve the ambiguity. And water from the rest of the world would eventually find its way here. For twelve thousand years this has been going on.

It also worked too well. The red life - the original and primordial lifeforms of this world - were pushed aside to make room for the green. But with spirits and minds, they became aware of it. Became resentful of it.

The humans who originated this agenda saw to it that their descendants would live comfortably enough, and that the spirit world would be basically friendly with them. And so it has proven, up until the encounter with the Herald.

"The zpirit world iz a garden. It may be cultivated, weeded, changed. Spiritz may be favored by correct farming, juzt as plantz may be," concludes 36. "That iz what happened. That iz the purpose of the lake."

"Then what is our purpose?" the spheres buzz in unison.

"We don't know your specific purpose," admits 36. After a moment, he adds something else. "He will give you a new purpose. Will you accept it?"

The spheres buzz, perhaps conferring with each other. "We may," one says. "Seeing what I have seen, perhaps we must."

36 nods. "Zo then. If the propertiez of the lake may be spread, then we will construct a pump into the shell's pressure chamber. We will give the lake a new dream. He will remain in that body. The rezt of us will spread into the waterz."