It is shortly after dawn on the plateau. The explorers were attacked less than an hour ago by what they can only presume are indigenous creatures; at least, for animals, they have much in common with the nearby plant-life. They seem to attack by constriction; Fredric has a badly-bruised and strained leg, and Choi has several cracked ribs. It went worse for the attackers; five of them lie dead in mouldering pools of ichor.

Experiment 36 has performed what first aid he could muster, and has in turn sat for his own repairs. While he is repaired, he muses to himself, and then aloud: "What elze do theze creaturez attack, if not us?"

Scientific curiosity easily overcomes pain for Fredric, and he limps over to one of the creatures. "What indeed. These seem to hunt in packs, like wild dogs. Perhaps the packs compete with each other?"

"Do you zee any others, Professor?" 36 asks curiously.

Fredric sniffs. "No. Which is curious." He looks uneasy. "If there _are_ more, we might not be so lucky next time."

Gerald takes the screwdriver from between his teeth and finishes tightening one of 36's cogs. "Also, as 36 said, compete with each other for what? I doubt they have a steady diet of lowland explorers to dine on. Perhaps there's something else, some kind of slow-moving creature that dines on the plants that are rooted. An... herbivore, if you will." He lifts the completed section of drive-train back into place. "Still, if there are more, I'm going to need to modify one of the guns, if that's all right with you? I'm not used to long-arms."

Fredric raises an eyebrow. "I wasn't aware that you were used to many times of firearms at all." He waves grandly to the rolling boat. "Our arsenal is in your care, Mister Linkletter."

Gerald grins. "Smashing," he says. "Yes, back at the University I was experimenting with a self-loading firearm design. It'll be tricky to improvise it out here in the field, but I think I can put together the spare parts. I'll have to cut down the cartridges, at first - the mechanism I've got in mind won't take rifle loads. And..." he continues in this vein, soon talking more to himself than anyone else.

Once repaired, 36 sets to work on his own project. Where Gerald has appropriated almost every tool the expedition has, the shaman needs only a fine cutting blade. His goal: a dissection and autopsy of the remains of the creatures. If they live and eat other things on the plateau, traces of those things may remain in their systems. And if not... well, perhaps there will be clues to such a mystery to be found yet.

Between 36 and Fredric, the autopsy goes as well as can be expected out in the wilderness. It reveals much data, and few answers; the creatures are completely outside the experience of either. While they move like animals, the overall structure of the beasts is more plant-like, with few distinct organs. There's an outer layer, like a skin, and thick, muscular tissues beneath. In place of bones, there are cartiliginous plates. The core of the thing, in the center of each of the three tentacular limbs, is a complex of tough, fibrous tissue that might be nerves. The thing's 'blood' is dark black and doesn't so much spill from veins as ooze from the muscular tissues when squeezed or cut. The cells of all the tissue are similar to those of the surrounding 'plant life' - though neither plant nor animal, by the standards of known species. Whereas plant cells have a heavy wall that animal cells lack, the cells of the creature have an interstice composed of a flexible, waxy substance.

Fredric becomes ill during the examination; it seems that some of the secretions are mildly toxic and absorbed through the skin. In fact, much of the thing's function seems to be absorption-based: there are no recognizable organs for eating or digestion, and the nerve fibers seem to have more in common with organs of taste or touch than of sight or hearing.

Meanwhile, Gerald's fireamrs design project results in a rather strange-looking device. It's clearly based on the rifles, but half of the barrel has been cut back, and the barrel bits put together in a clockwork contraption - six sections on a rotating carousel, with a bullet loaded into each. Said contraption has been mounted where the firing mechanism used to be, and a series of gears links it to the trigger. Half-pulling the trigger causes the barrel assemblage to revolve, slotting a new barrel section into place, and the final pull releases the spring-loaded firing pin.

The result: a pistol-sized weapon that can be fired up to six times before reloading. Unfortunately, to keep the discharges from tearing the revolving mechanism apart, Gerald's had to trim back the cartridges, so they fire with less force. Additionally, cannibalizing most of the barrel results in a weapon with rather less accuracy - though shortening the barrel was necessary in any case, as the weakened cartridges would've been slowed too much by the barrel. Still, Gerald is content. He was never that much of a marksman anyway, and this revolving pistol of his will serve better in close-quarters fighting.

Cassandra approaches, fingers in her ears, while Gerald is plinking at some empty tins. "They're fast," she comments, when he stops to reload. "Father would be pleased, though more men are shot in accidents than in anger." She frowns, looking from the weapon, to its maker, to the remains of the monsters.

Gerald turns the modified device in his hands. "Hadn't really thought about that," he says. "I was just thinking about how I'm not very good with a sword..."

Cassandra smiles, and raises her sword in a fencer's salute; the crosspiece almost touches her nose, and frames her eyes. Then she lowers it with a chuckle. "I didn't think I was very good with a sword," she says, "but that's compared to Father. Perhaps I should teach you and Wulfgang, and you can teach me work that revolving contraption."

36 has finished what investigation he can. He's carefully separated the pieces of the creatures he finds useful, interesting or simply worthy of further study from the relatively useless pieces. In particular he's begun to gather samples of the plant life, the soil, and even some of the expedition's own scrap metal and textiles, subjecting each of them in turn to absorbtion by the tissue, testing the limits of the things' metabolisms.

The tests show only that the fluids of the thing can eventually absorb and break down most organic substances; the natural textiles, heavily dyed, break down more slowly; and metal samples are, at worst, discolored. The soil samples produce the most interesting results. Soil samples of all kinds are readily absorbed and, eventually, excreted. However, the samples from the river seem to have a vitalizing effect on the tissue, while the samples from the plateau itself produce no particularly strong response.

The day passes in such pursuits. The temperature and humidity both rise, even as the quality of the air seems to decrease; no other animals are seen, save for some hardy species of insect that seem to have immigrated from the river valley. Night comes again without incident.

Fredric asks for a cold camp that night; meaning that no fire is started. Cooking is done over the boiler of the steam-engine, still ticking over from its last use. As the sun goes down, the professor gathers everyone in a circle on the barge deck.

"We have a decision to make," he begins. "And I will tell you, right now, that my personal preference is to pursue this expedition to its logical end. But I also have a responsibility for our safety, in the name of the University." His eyes flicker over Gerald, Wulfgang, and Cassandra in turn.

"Even the deep forest may be dangerous, but the dangers are familiar. We know not to tread on a snake or poke at a bee-hive. Thus far, the creatures of this plateau have not proven more dangerous than wild dogs, but..." He pauses. "This is unfamiliar territory. We don't know the hazards; we may have simply upset these beasts with intrusion, but we don't know how to avoid doing so again. So it would be irresponsible to assume that we won't do it again."

"So," he continues, with the air of conclusion, "I poll you for your concerns. The majority may rule; it may not. But I assure you that we don't continue unless we're all sanguine with doing so."

Cassandra answers first. "I'm not so dim as to think that we can, or should, kill all of these things," she says. "But I need to understand what they are. What the Herald is. I'm not turning back."

Gerald looks off to the north, in the direction they'd been traveling. "It's not the hazards we've faced so far that concern me. I haven't forgotten the dream of the Tall Man. Or the message of the Herald for that matter." He glances at Cassandra. "If you ask _me_, the long-term hazards of _not_ proceeding are far more perilous." He shakes his head. "A month ago, I would have set little store by dreams. But that's before I shared one with all of you."

"We are meant to be here," buzzes 36. If he has more explanation, he does not elaborate on it.

"I hear opportunity knocking," Wulfgang chimes in. "Besides, I won't leave you."

"Excessively sentimental," Choi grates. "But fundamentally true." He says no more; obviously he is content to let Wulfgang get in more trouble.

Rodrigo shrugs. "Eh. A short life, but a merry one. Running your boat is more fun than farming turnips."

Fredric nods. "Alright. Then we must study all we pass, and try to understand this new land. For my part, I don't see how these creatures fit into any of the six grand families of plant and animal life that we've seen. Not that they even seem to care," he raises a finger, "about the difference between plant and animal anyway. So on we go, and stay alert."

---

As noon approaches, Gerald, with 36 accompanying him, approaches the cradle that still focuses as much sun as possible upon the crystal sphere. "We must be getting closer," he says. "Which way do we go from here?"

The sphere 'awakens', and makes itself heard through 36. "This place is familiar," it buzzes. "But it should not look as this, anymore." It lifts from the cradle; adjusting the mirrors to track, it rises ten feet above the barge and spins slowly. "Yes. This is as it once was, very long ago."

After a few minutes of silence, it speaks again. "That way," it says, and wobbles in a direction not far from where the barge was already going. "And tread lightly, where you can. This is... inhuman territory."

"We've noticed," says Gerald. "We've already been attacked by mobile... plant... things. About this big." He demonstrates with his hands. "Do you have any advice? Any ideas on how to avoid disturbing such things?"

Words are not enough, and 36 must now apply his ability to interpret and translate. "Things which fall," he says at last. "Things which burn. Zo then... it iz not yet clear. But.. perhapz there is some clue in the weather here, or the sky."

He directs his questions to the sphere then. "Iz this a circumztance of our zurroundings, or a memory of zome event?" he asks.

The sphere seems to sense 36's inability to translate. "We once choked them," it says simply. "Made the air unbreathable. That is memory. You lack the resource to accomplish the same, so you must..." more buzzing for a moment... "Do not smell like food."

"I have begun inveztigating how to do so," the metal shaman affirms. "Very well. We muzt pursue thiz course to remain safe."

"Unbreathable," muses Gerald. "We ourselves have found the air unwholesome, up here. Would they consider the air unbreathable, back in the lowlands?"

"Zo then..." 36 muses aloud. "To bring lowlandz air is impozzible. To stay in zuch air is to turn back. But.. can we prevent our scents from leaving the barge? A curtain, or container for the wind, and ztill allow breathing?"

The sphere buzzes. "They would find the lowlands uncomfortable but not entirely inhibitive. Screening yourselves is a partial solution. Be wary of what you disturb," it says, sinking back to its cradle. "They dream poorly, but dream as one. Your presence here is not unobserved."

Cassandra snorts. "The Herald, right?"

"Among others," the sphere replies. It has settled back into its mirrored cradle. "I find their presence here disturbing. I had thought that they were gone. I seem to be ... missing ... time."

36 has set up a row of samples of the local flora, potted in soil from a dozen different areas of the river valley. The seedlings provide some insight into the preferred soil conditions of the strange life-forms; the most immediate conclusion is that the local soil is nutrient-poor, as if it were over-farmed with a monoculture. The best medium is the soil from the mudslide area the expedition crossed, just before ascending the plateau... 36 can only guess that it's the atmospheric composition that keeps the flora from expanding.

More important, and almost by accident, 36 discovers that the other plants excrete... something... when burned. The thick white smoke excites a response from the tissues of the beasts killed in the attack, even two days after removal from their host.

Fredric watches the tissues twitch, and does not try to hide his awe and fear. "If they twitch that much when dead and butchered, I can only imagine what they'd do when alive!"

"Guess we'd better get used to cooking over the steam-engine coals," Gerald observes.

The expedition presses further into the interior of the plateau, guided by the sphere. The local flora increases in complexity. At the edge of the plateau, most specimens were simple and fern-like. Just four days later, the underbrush has thickened to a carpet. Some large specimens have the appearance of trees, with short thick trunks and long, drooping, willow-like fronds that shake and twitch even when there is no breeze. The trees do not grow in groves, but their frequency increases until, by the fourth day, there are dozens of solitary examples at irregular intervals in every direction.

From the perspective of a human, the air quality worsens. Fredric's barometer shows that the overall pressure is the same, but breathing is harder and everyone (save 36) tires more easily. The coal-fires burn more weakly, and with a constant bluish tinge. The one saving grace is that progress is relatively swift - there are few hills or boulders, and the carpet of vegetation is tough enough to serve as a slightly spongy road.

On the fifth day, everyone hears a keening, identical to creatures that attacked the first night. Fredric immediately orders the barge to halt and the boiler turned down. Everyone clutches their weapons at ready, and Fredric catches sight of a pack of the things moving a mile away. They do not seem interested in the barge at the moment.

"I count at least twelve of the things," the academic mutters, and passes his spyglass to Choi. "We could win against that if we had to... probably."

There's something else, as well. 36 and Gerald both point it out, while Choi still has the spyglass. Whatever it is, it startles even the stoic, laconic armsmen. He points and hands the spyglass back to Fredric without a word.

Fredric adjusts focus and audibly inhales. "Gods, it's a bird! And it's huge! And... oh, no. Everybody under cover!"

"Interezting," whispers 36, his neck's gears whining as his head cranes up to track the sight.

The more organic explorers aren't waiting; Cassandra is over the gunwales and under the barge in moments. Other hiding places are found - in empty barrels, under tarps, in the shed. 36 gets the best view of the thing. It's as much bat-like as it is bird-like, save that bats rarely have thirty foot wingspans. It dives roughly in the direction of the barge, wings folding close to its sides...

Fredric notices that 36 is still standing exposed on the deck. "Blood and thunder, man," he shouts, "get under cover!"

The mechanical man responds by seizing up and falling backwards onto the deck. While perhaps not the most graceful response, it does make him less vertical.

The great bird-thing passes directly over the barge with a whoosh of air and a deafening screech. It's of the same reddish-purple color as everything else up here, and moving fast. It must still be at some considerable altitude, though its sheer size makes it appear much closer. As it passes, it unfurls its great wings; they move more like sails unrolling in a ships rigging, than actual bird wings supported by bone and covered in feathers. It flies off into the distance, the great sheets pumping and fluttering.

In its wake, it leaves an unpleasant odor in the air, and many exposed surfaces are coated in an odd dew-like fluid. A few moments later, it's as silent as the dawn, with no trace of the flying beast or its running companions.

Gerald peeps out from under the tarp he was hiding beneath. "Great... gears... what the hell _is_ that thing?" he murmurs, still trembling. "H-How can something that big fly?"

Gerald staggers out of his hiding place. "There's... gunk all over everything," he says, staring dully at the fluid-smeared railing. After a few moments, curiosity takes over, and he fishes around for a petri dish and a carving knife, to collect samples.

36 lays on his back, barely moving. Finally one of his arms stirs, and he holds up a gripping hand for inspection. Clasped there is a single feather. He peers at it silently, curiously, head tilting this way and that in mute analysis.

Cassandra crawls out from under the barge, gripping her shortsword in its sheath. She puts one gloved hand on the rail to haul herself back in, an d pulls it away again. "Ugh," she wrinkles her nose. "Disgusting, and it smells foul."

"Yeah," says Gerald, as he runs the carving knife's back along the railing, dropping the goo into the dish. "I hope it doesn't make us smell like food. Or worse."

Gerald looks up into the sky, and a stray thought about his study of fish reproduction pops up in his head. "Ewwww," he mumbles, and does not share the thought.

Wulfgang crawls out of an overturned barrel, apparently having had presence of mind to grab a rifle. "I can't imagine anything wanting to eat something that smells like... oh, wow. I hope it's not... waste product."

Fredric finds a towel, and hands it to 36. "Let's get moving," he says quietly, "and not speculate on awful things before all the data is in."