Summer is approaching, and so are the University's final exams. It's been an eventful term: starting with the discovery of the crystal orb, the subsequent Steam Expedition, and its return.

In the months since, the members of the Expedition have spent their time in the field, in the laboratory, and in the offices of the powerful (or at least, those who think they are); and sometimes even in an actual classroom. But for the most part, ordinary studies have been supplanted by Gerald's establishment of a new 'aetheric' science; and the Stentz/Fowler railway partnership.

Some professors still insist on paper exams, however, and Bandwul will not overrule them. He is, at heart, an academician, and ultimately, does not bend to promises of wealth, prestige, or sorcerous power.

There is precisely one week between the end of classes and the beginning of exams, jokingly referred to by students as 'Smoke Week'. This may be for various reasons - from lanterns and gaslights burning during late-night studies, the chain-smoking habits that some older students develop, or possibly from the way many students and faculty feel at the end of the week: burned out.

In any case, it is on the first day of this week - a Sunday - that a message reaches the University gates by Duchy courier. One of the busiest iron mines in the city, it is claimed, is now haunted, and the miners are refusing to dig. For some reason, the mine foreman has requested the assistance of the University's 'Steam Heroes'.

The letter reaches Wulfgang first. The mine foreman claims that he was instructed by the elder Stentz to consider Wulfgang as the railway project's 'ambassador' to the University, and it is in this respect that he petitions for assistance.

Wulfgang gets the letter at his desk. He reads over the print. And again. And again. He looks over at Gerald, also hard at work starting his studies. "Hey, Gerald." He says, walking to the other boy's desk, "What do you make if this?" He asks, tossing the letter down.

Gerald scratches his head. "Haunted, eh?" he says, scan-reading the letter. "Well, it could be a million and one things that _aren't_ spirits, and one or two that are, too." He looks closer. "Wait, Steam Heroes? Shucks..."

Wulfgang smiles, "Get used to it. Besides, publicity is good for negotiations. The better a public face we put on, the more leverage we'll have later." He hrms, "We should find Alec. And report to Frederic, presumably." He says, starting to walk out the door.

Frederic is in his office, behind a small pile of graded assignments, and a much larger pile of ungraded ones. He initially affects injured pride that (once again) his role as notional leader of the expedition has been usurped by Wulfgang, but forgets all about that at the chance to get away from the office for a few days. "The mines, you say... yes... just a few hours from here... have to stay overnight, certainly. Maybe three." He quickly corrals a junior professor, shoves the entire pile of papers into his arms, and then begins packing a trunk. "'Steam heroes', is that it? We'll see..."

"Wish I could shove off my exams that easily," Gerald mutters under his breath good-naturedly, and possibly a little too loud.

"No helping that," Frederic replies, distractedly. "If you think it's hard to write them, try _reading_ them some time. Remember that fully half of all papers ever written are below-average." He slides a key-ring across the desk to Gerald. "We never even unpacked from the _last_ excursion. Please get the porters to load a cart for us."

Alec has tried hard. He's not dumb, he just lacks the educational inertia imparted by the City's lifestyle on the youth who attend University. Today he peeks into Frederic's office as preparations commence, as he has done in the past. "Uh, professor, what, uh.. what are the types of triangle again?"

"I don't reckon there's more than one," the young man explains. "I mean, three sides is three sides.."

Frederic stops short, and considers Alec's question for a moment. "Well... there's the type with three corners, which are real," he says slowly, "and all the other ones, which don't actually exist." He resumes packing, somewhat more slowly. "The rest is just an exercise in why people give certain names to certain things. If you really want to know, I can explain on the way." He adds a thin volume to his kit, which bears the title "Meditations on Instruction in Maths", and another volume, "Thirty Herbal Painkiller Recipes".

---

The usual suspects are shortly gathered in the University courtyard as the steam-clock in the press building sounds the ninth hour. Frederic has obtained loan of a cart with sufficient seating for Gerald, Wulfgang, Alec, and Cassandra. A subset of the Steam Expedition supplies have already been loaded - the scientific gear, some camping gear, and a locked crate of rifles.

Cassandra has made something of a name for herself as a fencing instructor. While the calvalry saber is considered somewhat uncouth for a young lady, nobody argued with her about her preference after her first bout. Which probably explains the presence of several decent sabers in the cart as well.

Alec brought along his own personal armaments in a rolled-up leather carrying arrangement as well. He favors the sword-and-board style of military engagement over the lighter lunge-and-feint style his sister knows, but he's also declined to see just how the siblings' skills compare in a bout.

Fredric does the initial driving himself. The cart lurches out the gate, followed by puzzled looks from students crossing the courtyard. At the end of the lane, a left turn puts the Expedition eastbound on the perimeter road around the city.

It's a half day's travel to the mine in question, somewhat more time and less comfort than the previous trip in the Stentz family coach. The early summer weather is pleasant, warm, and breezy. After a few miles, the cobblestone perimeter road gives way to an unpaved but well-beaten highway leading into the low hills to the northeast. The city is soon lost to sight. The expedition is often passed by empty carts heading out, and often passes carts heavily laden with coal heading in.

Soon, the road forks again - right, leading directly east to the old peat bogs and coal mines; and a smaller road, leading north, to the iron mines. Frederic guides the cart oneo the left fork. "Glad we're not going the other way," he says. "Half the coal mines are run as jails or prisons. Nasty people and nasty business."

There's a lot fewer carts this way, and the lightly-forested hills rise quickly. The trees block out some of the noonday sun, though not as badly as in the dense forests to the far north. The road becomes twistier and forks several more times. Each intersection has wooden signposts with the names of various mines, along with a board full of weatherbeaten paper fliers and announcements. The cart lurches along one of these roads between the walls of a broad ravine; the road appears to follow an old streambed.

Just after noon, the expedition reaches the end of the ravine, the end of the road, and the mining camp at the base of the hills.

The camp covers at least four acres and seems to have camp has been here some time. Heavy foot, cart, and horse traffic has beaten down all vegetation in the area, though tall grasses are pioneering their way onto large piles of rubble and tailings. There are a half-dozen long, low buildings arranged roughly in a semicircle, forming a yard of sorts before the rock face. The yard is populated haphazardly by carts on narrow-gauge metal rails, a few wood-frame cargo cranes, and stacks of crates and barrels. The rails run to at least three seperate points at the base of the surrounding hills, where they disappear into heavily-built horizontal mine shafts. A few people dressed in dirty coveralls skulk about, though nobody seems to be entering or leaving the mines right now.

Fredric brings the cart to a shuddering halt between two of the low buildings. "Well," he mutters. "Now what?"

"Oi," calls Alec loudly. "We're the Steam Heroes."

Frederic raises an eyebrow, but doesn't say anything else. "Well, that's a start."

Wulfgang jumps off the cart. He turns to Alec, and grins, "Anyone know where the foreman is?" He asks, approching the most likely look of miners.

Alec has attracted the attention of a group of three miners, who turn and approach Wulfgang. One is tall and muscular; another is shortish and built like a fireplug. The third is of average height and doesn't look particularly stong; he is, however, the cleanest of the three, and holds a clipboard. "That would be me... so... YOU'RE the Steam Heroes?" He flips to a page on the clipboard and looks between it, and the cart, several times. "Where's the... uh... steam?"

Wulfgang smiles, "Oh. Well." He looks back at the cart, "Well, we keep it bottled up until we need it." He smiles, "No use waiting good steam." He lets the statement hang in the air just long enough for it to sink in, then smiles again, "So, fill us in on what's going on?"

The foreman frowns. "No, see, the Steam Heroes have this steam-powered cart. And they're... um... I think they're taller." He pulls a sheet off the clipboard and passes it to Wulfgang. "Like this, see?"

Alec scratches his chin. "So you reckon a bunch of _complete strangers_ came out here after gettin' a letter about haunted mines, an' offered to help?" he asks, guilelessly.

The sheet is a page from a newspaper. The top half of the page is an illustration, printed from an engraving or woodcut that was obviously drawn by hand. The quality isn't bad, and it's obvious that the subject was inspired by the steam expedition and the Rolling Barge. The particulars, though, seem a bit... off. For starters, the barge wasn't really that big; it wasn't equipped with cannon; and the horde of three-legged monsters weren't quite so **tall** in relation to its occupants.

And as to the occupants themselves, there's six of them: four men about as tall and broad-shouldered as the large miner, each armed with a heavy rifle; a female figure who, though modestly attired, appears exaggerated and overwrought. The sixth occupant is a metallic humanoid figure with rather large claws, engaged in claw-to-tentacle combat with one of the monsters. The headline is 'Steam Expedition Returns from Far North', with subtitles 'Brave Explorers Encounter Horrific Beasts' and 'Fair Maiden Rescued from Possession'.

Gerald scratches his unruly hair. "Wow, you really can't believe everything you see in the papers," he comments. "Especially the cannon. One barge trying to shoot its way through the plateau would've been suicide."

"I see the fourth estate has been hard at work, as well." Wulfgang shakes his head, "You should show the rest of our team that picture." He smiles, "I think they got my good side. Though I think a canon would have been helpful." He clears his throat, stops his rambling, and taps the paper, "That is us. At least, how the story is told. So. What's up?"

The foreman looks disappointed. "Bloody Isiah Fields," he says. "Should know better than to trust his rag for anything. So you're it? But you DID go up to that plateau full of beasties and rescue, and exorcise that poor girl, and find a lost city?"

Alec steps forward a bit, furrowing his eyebrows. "The 'poor girl' is my sister, sir. But yes."

Frederic steps down from the cart and approaches the foreman, holding out the letter received earlier that day. "I'm Professor Frederic, of the University. We are, indeed, the assistance for which you sent. This young man is Alec, who is indeed bodyguard to his sister, Cassandra. These worthy young men are Gerald Linkletter, and Wulfgang Stentz. I believe you may know of his father."

The foreman seems to finally get the hint. "Yes... yes, sirs. Lady. Well. If you've come all this way, yes, please have a go. This way, this way." The two other miners look at each other, shrug, and wander off. The foreman leads everyone towards the largest of the buildings, and also the cleanest, though that's not saying much. "I'm Winston, by the way. Moses Winston, General Manager and foreman. Twenty years under stone and sky - mostly stone. Welcome to Longfellow's Hole, named after the guy who first dug it, though Longfellow long gone by now."

He leads the way into the mine office, opens the windows, and points to a large map unrolled on his desk. It's hand-drawn, but it looks quite accurate. He points to one particular section. "So... it all started when we broke through into the Deep Vein..."

Over the next few minutes, Moses Winston explains the situation. The upper galleries were an ordinary iron mine, following rich veins of irons and other metals back into the hill. One not particularly promising branch turned sharply west, but in the process of digging it out, the miners discovered much richer deposits of rarer metals.

"We called it the 'Deep Vein'," Winston says. "Lots of iron in the upper galleries, but we found better stuff down there - meteoric iron, some big lumps of quartz, even a little silver. Had to sink a shaft pretty far under the hill to get to it, but it was worth it." He's pointing at the second section of the map now, in particular at a large circular area in the northeast corner. "Then we got to here."

"We broke through into a large natural cavern. It didn't half raise a stink, and we thought we might have killed ourselves by digging into a gas field. As it is, we were shut out of the mid galleries for weeks. When it finally cleared up... well..." He straightens up. "I'm not superstitious, but the miners started to see things and hear things. Things scurrying in the corners of their vision that weren't rats, hearing voices in the walls that weren't anybody they know. We put a watch on the corridor leading to the sinkhole, as much to watch for gas as anything else. But the noises kept up, even though we didn't lose no canaries."

Wulfgang listens carefully, then looks back to Gerald, "I don't suppose you brought a chemistry set?" Wulfgang asks, while thinking about the things the foreman has told us, "So everyone is out of the mines now, or do you still work other branches?"

"Everyone's out now. See... a few weeks ago, some of the boys started having nightmares. A few of them quit, some new guys came to take their place," Winston says."Figured that was all there was to it, but then... the watchers shot something. And since then, the nightmares have gotten worse. Half the camp is demanding an exorcism, and the other half is backing them up. So... I called for you lot, because I think the thing we shot, might be one of those beasties you saw before." He pauses. "We kept the body in the icehouse."

Gerald rubs his chin. "This smell from the cavern - was it ammonia? Like fertilizer, you know?" He hesitates, wondering if _either_ would be meaningful to a man who lived his life in the mines.

"Hmm," Winston considers. "Yeah... a lot like that. Stale fertilizer. Makes the lamps burn a funny color, too, yellow-green... not blue like firedamp gas."

"Yeah," Frederic murmurs. "Ammonia."

"We'd better have a look at your icehouse," Gerald says gravely.

Winston leads the way to the icehouse. It's cold and dim, as expected, and the floor is covered in damp sawdust. Winston goes to one corner, a lump shape covered in a tarp and slowly pulls it off.

The creature beneath does, indeed, look familiar. A barrel-shaped body, forking at its base into three stocky limbs. The specimen is only about two feet long, considerably smaller than its brothers on the plateau - but the shape, texture, and odor are unmistakable. Even half-frozen, it gives off a foeter quite like the sticky, caustic black ichor excreted by the things in previous encounters.

"Not much to look at," Winston says. "I've seen rabbits bigger than that. Some of the boys are game to go hunting them - but not with a head full of nightmares, and not in a pit full of poison gas."

"Yah, that's proper Steam Hero business it is," remarks Alec. He leans close to Gerald and whispers, "wossat then?"

Wulfgang points down. "That's what we found up on the plateau. That's what tried to attack us. Or defend itself. I think we're still trying to work it out." Wulfgang looks up at the Foreman, "We'll have to take a look down the Deep Vein next..."

Winston nods. "I'll take you there. Let's go get ready."