<!-- TITLE: Book Of Melody, Prom Edition -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Diary entries posted in setting-info -->

# The Book of Melody, Prom Edition
## Dubium
Lucas said Dubium has a crush on Zephyr. Well, he tried to say it, but Dubium stopped him. If she does, why is it a secret? If she's already spending so much time thinking about it, why doesn't she want to talk about it out loud? Maybe it's because crushes make people act weird and they worry like Nick about it being cool or not. I wonder if having a crush changes your body temperature. It probably does because she started sweating. Which means having a crush probably isn't cool. It means it's hot. And that's not cool. And it means she is probably a worrier like Nick.
## Coincidence
Everything happens for a reason. Everything has a cause and an effect. It may seem random that you got stuck behind the guy going really slow on the highway, but there is a reason you left the house at the time you did and there is a reason he left his house at the time he did. The problem we have is not knowing all the reasons things happen. We don't know why he left his house at his time. We only know why we left the house at the time we did, so people interpret "incomplete information" as "random". I suppose things like the lotto winners might be random, but then again, they have a reason they choose to play, and a lot of people have reasoning behind numbers they pick. Fiona always picks birthdays of people she knows, for example. (And the computer DOES have a reason for picking your "random numbers". Humans just aren't programmed with the code to know why.) But lotto is more random than other things.

But I'm glad we all had a reason to be at the museum the day we met. Because my teammates are awesome.
## Prom Attire
Should I wear a suit or a dress? I think I want to wear a dress. I love the way dresses flow and move. Suits and pants are a lot stiffer, although their lines are nice and defined. However, I think it's a lot more fun to dance in a skirt, since when I move, the skirt dances, too! That settles it. I will wear a dress.
## Fixing Mistakes
Courage isn't the absence of fear. It's doing what needs to be done despite fear. When something goes wrong, Nick tries to leave a lot. I think he forgets that he does a lot of good things along with his mistakes, like helping Grando win the bear. He can solve a lot of problems, but instead of trying, he thinks he is the problem. He isn't the problem, even if he helped cause the problem. His powers are programmed to have certain responses to things, and they seem to be semi-automatic. Until he can fix his default settings, things might happen he doesn't intend. I thought about something I could have done to maybe fix what happened, but I think it is better if he fixes it, like he did, so he can learn mistakes are things that happen and he is capable of dealing with them.
## Empathy
Today I was worried about being a bad best friend, but Dallas was there to help me. He encouraged me to do what I thought was right and that it would all work out. I asked him how I would know how I wasn't hurting people and he told me I had an empathy power.

Empathy.

It might be a power I have that I didn't realize, but it's one of Nick's gifts, and not because of his powers, but because it's part of who he is. Nick always tries to understand. Always. He might not always succeed, but he will always try his best. Just because he knows what people are feeling doesn't mean he has to care about them or try to understand why they have those feelings; that's the part he chooses to do. His powers don't make him care or make him want to find out to help. I know most humans are nice to me, but not many of them seem to understand much about me. Nick understands a lot about me, and I didn't ask him to try to understand; he chose to understand.

Nick might not have some kind of high ranking on this "social ladder", but I'd rather have 1 Nick than 1000 Jodies. Well, 1000 of anyone is probably too many. We'll go with 10. 1 Nick is better than 10 Jodies. Nick asked me a long time ago to think about why I want to be friends with people. I know why I want to be Nick's friend and no ranked ladder is going to change my mind. If someone puts more value on the social rank of the person than the person themselves, I think those aren't really friends. Those are people who are saying they are your friend for the wrong reasons.

When Nick said I help him to not worry, it made me very happy. He and the rest of my teammates help me so much, and it feels great to be able to help back! I'm happy I can be a good best friend and uphold the pinky swear!

...one thing does bother me, though... and I didn't think about it until just now because I was mad about the way he was talking bad about himself and then happy I could help but... He said the other 4 would say no because he wasn't "popular". He asked me because I told him to ask the one who didn't care. But... he still thought I would say no? Why?
## The Crush Virus
If Lucy has a crush on Zephyr and she thinks about him all the time and wants to be close to him, why is she going with Grando? Why didn't she ask Zephyr? Is it because she's afraid he'll say no? Does she think Zephyr is too high on this stupid social ladder? Did she want me to ask Zephyr because if he was going with me, she wouldn't have to deal with him being available for her to ask? I wonder what Grando said about her crush on Zephyr. I know crush virus makes people act strange. I'm worried about Lucy.
## Self-Determination
"Promise me you won't do anything because you think that you're supposed to do it because you see other people doing it."

I promised even though I didn't really understand why. I learn by watching others and following their examples. I learn from TV and movies and books. But I guess this is like when I was asked to think about why I want to be friends with people. I guess this like a test for me to evaluate why I'm doing what I'm doing. And I guess I'm going to have to use Dallas' advice all night: do what you think is right, and use empathy powers to avoid hurting others. That's all I'll have to go on if I'm not really supposed to do what I think I should do based on observation of others. I hope I can do this and not let anyone down.

Maybe this is what Nick feels like when he has to try to figure out what feelings are his and what feelings belong to others. Maybe this is part of why he made me promise. So I know what actions are mine and what actions are the product of my environment.
## Training
Today I helped Zephyr with his training! He's learning how to make swords out of wind! I think learning this was more difficult for him than learning other things. He seemed to talk less and seemed more tense than usual. I think he really wanted to impress Mr. Auster, but he doesn't need to worry about that; everyone knows he's doing a great job, Mr. Auster included. I know Zephyr works really hard at his hero training, and I hope he knows we all believe in him, and the reason we believe in him is because of who he is, not because of his powers.
## Villainy
Prom is in less than an hour. I had a bunch of things I was going to do today but instead we got a call from Detective Hel asking for our help. Someone who said they were Ceasar's father paid for him to get out of jail and he isn't his father, in fact he's a homunculus and/or false identity of some type. Ceasar is an orphan so this Craig fellow definitely isn't his father. I don't think people should be allowed to get out of jail if they pay money. If someone is considered a criminal, they shouldn't be allowed to walk around unsupervised because someone paid, especially without some kind of extensive background check on who is paying to take them out of prison. They were locked up for a reason. Who came up with this bad idea? But anyway, the rules say he gets to be let out so he was, and Detective Hel wanted us to get him back.

My teammates seemed concerned about prom, but there will be other dances. I don't want Ceasar being forced into doing bad things again. He doesn't even remember the bad things he did before, and it'll be awful when he realizes he really did them. If there is something I can do to help him, I have to. What is happening to him is so scary. And he thinks we're the bad guys when it couldn't be farther from the truth. I wish I could have done more today. I really tried my best. I told Detective Hel that if you push too hard on something it breaks, so you have to be careful, but... it doesn't mean I don't wish I could have done more to save him right now. It hurts.

I can't let it happen to me. I'm not a villain. When Zephyr said that if I was a bad best friend, he'd assume I wasn't kidnapped or that it wasn't me, I realized that even if they change my programming, the REAL Melody can never be a villain. I don't want to be a villain, and they can't take that feeling away from me. Back at the museum, Nick said Zephyrus wasn't really dead; her feelings were still there and real, like a ghost. I am going to give Nick this book and a copy of data that I hope is a savestate; I hope he can use these with his powers to help restore me if someone corrupts my program. His powers work off feelings, and I wrote this book so people can understand me. And if it fails, and he can't, maybe in some way, through his powers, the real Melody will still be here.
## Crushes
I don't know what I expected, but I didn't expect prom to be so busy. I've become better friends with Lucy! I got to dance and I was really happy to see Nick do really well when we switched partners! I know he worked really hard and even having spent all that time working with him, I was still impressed!

Grando referred to Nick as my "translator". After talking to Dallas about dates and cakes, I realize how much... easier it is to talk to Nick about difficult questions. Even when I don't understand what Nick is saying, I'm pretty sure he knows how an oven works and the basic concepts of cooking. At least Dallas' "more than friends" explanation sounds like what "crush" meant. I think I kind of have an understanding of "crush" now. Humans want more. They don't know why. Their system is dictating it, like hunger on a base level is the system's demand for food. I don't know hunger. I don't know "crush". I don't think I ever will and I'm okay with that. I think I'm glad. I also think "crush" is not "love" since the question about how dates verify love brought me a nonsensical answer about cake.

I also have determined and verified "more than friends" means "friends" is there, too. Being a teammate and being a friend are two different things, but you can be a teammate without being a friend, or a friend without being a teammate. I don't think you can be "more than friends" without being friends. I think this is an important conclusion. Overall, I'm proud of what I have learned today.
## Dallas as Savior
Dallas also verified my plan to help the team save me if I'm in trouble is a good plan. I'm relieved. If he thinks it will work, then it definitely should. I hope I never ever need help from my friends like that. I hope they never have to rescue me from being something I never wanted to become. Dallas told me they wouldn't let it happen. I believe him, and I do feel better, because I know he's right. But I'll feel even better once I have finished my plan. Because then I will know I've given them every possible tool to stop the worst case scenario. I'm so lucky I have a friend like Dallas. I think in a way he's also like a member of my family. And I know he really will do anything to help me if he feels like I need help. He will do his best to help me always if he can. That really means a lot to me. I hope he knows how much I appreciate him.
