<!-- TITLE: Book Of Melody -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Diary entries posted in setting-info -->

# The Book of Melody
This is the Book of Melody.
Today I read the Book of Nick, and it made me realize that if I want people to understand me better, I should write a book.  So this will be it: The Book of Melody.  I should probably start by writing down some basic information about me, like they had on myself and my bandmates.

* Name: Melody
* Height: 5’0”
* Birthday: May 30
* Blood Type: None, I don’t bleed
* Favorite Food: So far I really like pizza, ice cream, and pancakes with syrup but I don’t know; it’s really hard to pick a favorite.  Those are just three things I really like, but I do like others, too.
* Likes: Singing, music, building sand castles, watching TV, reading books
* Dislikes: Villains, Detention Monster, banks, alcohol

## Hard Jobs
I didn’t realize how difficult it was to be involved in the court system until today.  I don’t watch a lot of shows that show more than a couple minutes of court, but from talking with the team today it seems really complicated.  The people who work in a courtroom to determine who is innocent and guilty and what their punishment will be have a really hard job.  I think it might be an even harder job than being a member of the police force.  I think being a policeman or woman is harder than being a superhero, because they basically do a job like ours, but without any superpowers, and being a regular human without superpowers seems like it’s being a superhero but on hard mode.  (Even though a lot of the hard modes in games aren’t really that hard.  Even the nightmare difficulties aren’t really that hard a lot of the time, but it’s still harder than normal mode.)  I wonder what the hardest job in the whole world is?

## Nick Knack
Nick wrote in The Book of Nick that people might be intimidated by me. I wonder why he thinks that. Maybe because I'm not human and humans seem to be scared of things that are not human. On TV shows people tend to assume things that look different and scary to them are scary. I guess when you have to worry about getting hurt a lot of things are scary. I was scared when I didn't know if I could become solid again after trying out going through that wall by becoming a holographic projection. But I don't look scary. At least I don't think I do. I look like a pop idol! Because I am one!

Twilight is a good example of why people would be scared of me. Edward is a vampire who is supposed to eat humans, but he lives with humans anyway. He doesn't want to eat humans, though, so I feel sorry for him. Bella is his best friend but could just as easily be his steak dinner. Maybe this is why the Sports Club girls wanted me to read this in case I had any ideas about eating people to show me I don't have to and there are alternatives. But thankfully I don't eat people, so I don't have to worry about that!

## Zephyr
I don't have any siblings but if I had a brother he would be exactly like Zephyr. He's like the brother I never had. He's smart, funny, and always looks out for others; he's also an amazing superhero. I feel like I can tell him any problem and he will know what to do. He's always coming up with plans and he has so many good ideas.

I think I would be a good little sister. Little sisters are supposed to be cute and kind but also sometimes trouble. I think I do those things pretty well. I think they're also supposed to argue with their brother, though, and I wouldn't want to do that. Maybe I wouldn't be a good little sister after all.

## Laser Hawk
I think Laser Hawk likes movies as much as I do.  He watched all the Home Alone movies with me, and it was a lot of fun!  I would like to see more movies with Laser Hawk; it was a lot more fun than watching them alone!  Maybe when we have a break from our work we can see more movies.  Even though Laser does a lot of things I think are confusing, in some ways I feel like I understand him really well.  Our powers synergize so well that it feels like we’ve been working together a very long time.  I also can’t really explain it, but it feels like we’re very old friends.  But I haven’t known him that long.  And he’s still really confusing sometimes.  Laser Hawk is really good at making people smile and laugh, though, and at the end of the day, I know he wants his friends to smile, too.  That part isn’t confusing to me.
## Temperature?
The Book of Nick talks a lot about whether or not people are “cool”.  However, Nick rarely mentions whether or not people are “hot”.  He must think being cool is more important than being hot, and he does seem to worry a lot about whether or not people think he’s “cool” or “uncool”.  Actually, he seems to worry a lot about a lot of things.  Including me.  Nick told me I should think about why I want to be friends with people.  I want to be friends with Nick because Nick cares about being a good friend.  And being a good friend is more important than being cool or hot or room temperature.
## VIPs
Why would someone want to murder a museum VIP? If they wanted the job that badly they could apply for it. I don't know what a museum VIP does but I imagine it deals with the museum, which is a pretty quiet and slow place, unlike carnivals or malls. There aren't a lot of angry people in museums, either, mostly students, scholars, tourists, and experts. Maybe he was a student who failed a test. People get really mad when they fail tests at school, but murder isn't the answer. Then again, if he knew the right answers, he would have passed the test.
## Teams
I was almost in trouble today. Really in trouble. I was starting to disappear into a black hole, but Nick saved me from the villain. My job as a hero is to save people, but I was the one who needed saving. I thanked Nick, and he said he wouldn't let anyone hurt his friends.

I never thought about it before, but this is why heroes work in teams. My job is to save people, and when I need saving, that's where my friends come in. The person who saves a hero in danger is another hero. That is why it's important to be a good team. Because if we weren't a good team, maybe I would have disappeared into that black hole. I'm glad I have the best friends ever. Sometimes even a hero needs to be rescued.
## Fast Food
I always order what Zephyr orders at restaurants because he is such a good example of what a human and a hero should be. And he does pick things that taste good most of the time. But maybe I should try ordering what Laser Hawk eats for a while. Laser Hawk still does a lot of confusing things. Maybe if I try to follow his menu, I'll understand more about him! Since he likes strawberry milkshakes and pancakes, I bet most of what he orders is delicious, since I really like those things, too! I shall strongly consider this.
## Secret Identity
Today I found out Laser Hawk is really Dallas. Nick said he didn't think Laser Hawk was really on the student council, but I knew he was, and Dallas is on the student council, so I was right! I am excited that I know Laser Hawk is Dallas. I don't think he wanted to do things like sit with us at lunch or go to the beach because he didn't want us to know his civilian identity, but now that I know, we can watch movies together out of costume, and go to the beach! Come to think of it, I only really see Nick at school and I only really go places with Lewis after school is over. I wonder why Nick didn't come with us to the beach? Maybe I should invite Nick to do something, too. I don't know why I didn't sooner. I'm sorry, Nick! I had a lot of fun at the library and we've been busy and I swear it wasn't on purpose. Even though I know you can't read this. I feel like I owe an apology. How odd.
# Prom Edition
## Dubium
Lucas said Dubium has a crush on Zephyr. Well, he tried to say it, but Dubium stopped him. If she does, why is it a secret? If she's already spending so much time thinking about it, why doesn't she want to talk about it out loud? Maybe it's because crushes make people act weird and they worry like Nick about it being cool or not. I wonder if having a crush changes your body temperature. It probably does because she started sweating. Which means having a crush probably isn't cool. It means it's hot. And that's not cool. And it means she is probably a worrier like Nick.
## Coincidence
Everything happens for a reason. Everything has a cause and an effect. It may seem random that you got stuck behind the guy going really slow on the highway, but there is a reason you left the house at the time you did and there is a reason he left his house at the time he did. The problem we have is not knowing all the reasons things happen. We don't know why he left his house at his time. We only know why we left the house at the time we did, so people interpret "incomplete information" as "random". I suppose things like the lotto winners might be random, but then again, they have a reason they choose to play, and a lot of people have reasoning behind numbers they pick. Fiona always picks birthdays of people she knows, for example. (And the computer DOES have a reason for picking your "random numbers". Humans just aren't programmed with the code to know why.) But lotto is more random than other things.

But I'm glad we all had a reason to be at the museum the day we met. Because my teammates are awesome.
## Prom Attire
Should I wear a suit or a dress? I think I want to wear a dress. I love the way dresses flow and move. Suits and pants are a lot stiffer, although their lines are nice and defined. However, I think it's a lot more fun to dance in a skirt, since when I move, the skirt dances, too! That settles it. I will wear a dress.
## Fixing Mistakes
Courage isn't the absence of fear. It's doing what needs to be done despite fear. When something goes wrong, Nick tries to leave a lot. I think he forgets that he does a lot of good things along with his mistakes, like helping Grando win the bear. He can solve a lot of problems, but instead of trying, he thinks he is the problem. He isn't the problem, even if he helped cause the problem. His powers are programmed to have certain responses to things, and they seem to be semi-automatic. Until he can fix his default settings, things might happen he doesn't intend. I thought about something I could have done to maybe fix what happened, but I think it is better if he fixes it, like he did, so he can learn mistakes are things that happen and he is capable of dealing with them.
## Empathy
Today I was worried about being a bad best friend, but Dallas was there to help me. He encouraged me to do what I thought was right and that it would all work out. I asked him how I would know how I wasn't hurting people and he told me I had an empathy power.

Empathy.

It might be a power I have that I didn't realize, but it's one of Nick's gifts, and not because of his powers, but because it's part of who he is. Nick always tries to understand. Always. He might not always succeed, but he will always try his best. Just because he knows what people are feeling doesn't mean he has to care about them or try to understand why they have those feelings; that's the part he chooses to do. His powers don't make him care or make him want to find out to help. I know most humans are nice to me, but not many of them seem to understand much about me. Nick understands a lot about me, and I didn't ask him to try to understand; he chose to understand.

Nick might not have some kind of high ranking on this "social ladder", but I'd rather have 1 Nick than 1000 Jodies. Well, 1000 of anyone is probably too many. We'll go with 10. 1 Nick is better than 10 Jodies. Nick asked me a long time ago to think about why I want to be friends with people. I know why I want to be Nick's friend and no ranked ladder is going to change my mind. If someone puts more value on the social rank of the person than the person themselves, I think those aren't really friends. Those are people who are saying they are your friend for the wrong reasons.

When Nick said I help him to not worry, it made me very happy. He and the rest of my teammates help me so much, and it feels great to be able to help back! I'm happy I can be a good best friend and uphold the pinky swear!

...one thing does bother me, though... and I didn't think about it until just now because I was mad about the way he was talking bad about himself and then happy I could help but... He said the other 4 would say no because he wasn't "popular". He asked me because I told him to ask the one who didn't care. But... he still thought I would say no? Why?
## The Crush Virus
If Lucy has a crush on Zephyr and she thinks about him all the time and wants to be close to him, why is she going with Grando? Why didn't she ask Zephyr? Is it because she's afraid he'll say no? Does she think Zephyr is too high on this stupid social ladder? Did she want me to ask Zephyr because if he was going with me, she wouldn't have to deal with him being available for her to ask? I wonder what Grando said about her crush on Zephyr. I know crush virus makes people act strange. I'm worried about Lucy.
## Self-Determination
"Promise me you won't do anything because you think that you're supposed to do it because you see other people doing it."

I promised even though I didn't really understand why. I learn by watching others and following their examples. I learn from TV and movies and books. But I guess this is like when I was asked to think about why I want to be friends with people. I guess this like a test for me to evaluate why I'm doing what I'm doing. And I guess I'm going to have to use Dallas' advice all night: do what you think is right, and use empathy powers to avoid hurting others. That's all I'll have to go on if I'm not really supposed to do what I think I should do based on observation of others. I hope I can do this and not let anyone down.

Maybe this is what Nick feels like when he has to try to figure out what feelings are his and what feelings belong to others. Maybe this is part of why he made me promise. So I know what actions are mine and what actions are the product of my environment.
## Training
Today I helped Zephyr with his training! He's learning how to make swords out of wind! I think learning this was more difficult for him than learning other things. He seemed to talk less and seemed more tense than usual. I think he really wanted to impress Mr. Auster, but he doesn't need to worry about that; everyone knows he's doing a great job, Mr. Auster included. I know Zephyr works really hard at his hero training, and I hope he knows we all believe in him, and the reason we believe in him is because of who he is, not because of his powers.
## Villainy
Prom is in less than an hour. I had a bunch of things I was going to do today but instead we got a call from Detective Hel asking for our help. Someone who said they were Ceasar's father paid for him to get out of jail and he isn't his father, in fact he's a homunculus and/or false identity of some type. Ceasar is an orphan so this Craig fellow definitely isn't his father. I don't think people should be allowed to get out of jail if they pay money. If someone is considered a criminal, they shouldn't be allowed to walk around unsupervised because someone paid, especially without some kind of extensive background check on who is paying to take them out of prison. They were locked up for a reason. Who came up with this bad idea? But anyway, the rules say he gets to be let out so he was, and Detective Hel wanted us to get him back.

My teammates seemed concerned about prom, but there will be other dances. I don't want Ceasar being forced into doing bad things again. He doesn't even remember the bad things he did before, and it'll be awful when he realizes he really did them. If there is something I can do to help him, I have to. What is happening to him is so scary. And he thinks we're the bad guys when it couldn't be farther from the truth. I wish I could have done more today. I really tried my best. I told Detective Hel that if you push too hard on something it breaks, so you have to be careful, but... it doesn't mean I don't wish I could have done more to save him right now. It hurts.

I can't let it happen to me. I'm not a villain. When Zephyr said that if I was a bad best friend, he'd assume I wasn't kidnapped or that it wasn't me, I realized that even if they change my programming, the REAL Melody can never be a villain. I don't want to be a villain, and they can't take that feeling away from me. Back at the museum, Nick said Zephyrus wasn't really dead; her feelings were still there and real, like a ghost. I am going to give Nick this book and a copy of data that I hope is a savestate; I hope he can use these with his powers to help restore me if someone corrupts my program. His powers work off feelings, and I wrote this book so people can understand me. And if it fails, and he can't, maybe in some way, through his powers, the real Melody will still be here.
## Crushes
I don't know what I expected, but I didn't expect prom to be so busy. I've become better friends with Lucy! I got to dance and I was really happy to see Nick do really well when we switched partners! I know he worked really hard and even having spent all that time working with him, I was still impressed!

Grando referred to Nick as my "translator". After talking to Dallas about dates and cakes, I realize how much... easier it is to talk to Nick about difficult questions. Even when I don't understand what Nick is saying, I'm pretty sure he knows how an oven works and the basic concepts of cooking. At least Dallas' "more than friends" explanation sounds like what "crush" meant. I think I kind of have an understanding of "crush" now. Humans want more. They don't know why. Their system is dictating it, like hunger on a base level is the system's demand for food. I don't know hunger. I don't know "crush". I don't think I ever will and I'm okay with that. I think I'm glad. I also think "crush" is not "love" since the question about how dates verify love brought me a nonsensical answer about cake.

I also have determined and verified "more than friends" means "friends" is there, too. Being a teammate and being a friend are two different things, but you can be a teammate without being a friend, or a friend without being a teammate. I don't think you can be "more than friends" without being friends. I think this is an important conclusion. Overall, I'm proud of what I have learned today.
## Dallas as Savior
Dallas also verified my plan to help the team save me if I'm in trouble is a good plan. I'm relieved. If he thinks it will work, then it definitely should. I hope I never ever need help from my friends like that. I hope they never have to rescue me from being something I never wanted to become. Dallas told me they wouldn't let it happen. I believe him, and I do feel better, because I know he's right. But I'll feel even better once I have finished my plan. Because then I will know I've given them every possible tool to stop the worst case scenario. I'm so lucky I have a friend like Dallas. I think in a way he's also like a member of my family. And I know he really will do anything to help me if he feels like I need help. He will do his best to help me always if he can. That really means a lot to me. I hope he knows how much I appreciate him.
# Post-Prom
## Prauma
Nick agreed to help me with my plan!  And he also had a really great plan, too.  He’s going to help train me to resist being reprogrammed and other types of mind control!  I’m so happy that I can actively try to do something to protect myself so that the worst-case scenario might not ever happen!  I feel so much better knowing that I can work toward being stronger and maybe prevent something like that from ever happening!

The rest of the night was really confusing.
## Friendship Rules
I'm so confused. What am I supposed to do? I assume I try to act normal? But we just broke a whole bunch of friend rules? Think, Aya, think.

So I didn't know there were friend rules. And I broke them. If I had felt I was doing something wrong, I wouldn't have done it. I would have put a stop to it. But even after I knew, I -still- knowingly participated in rule-breaking behavior.

What happens when you deliberately decide to break friend rules? What does that mean? I really need to talk to someone. Until I can, I will have to do my best. Everything was okay in the end, after all. I'll figure it out. And I'll just have to continue to be Aya in the meantime. I did promise tonight I would do what I want to do and not what I think I'm supposed to do. I guess that means even if I break rules. Maybe that's the best thing I can do for now.
