<!-- TITLE: Book Of Melody -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Diary entries posted in setting-info -->

# The Book of Melody, Bathsheba Edition
## Vanya
Today my teammates and I were interviewed by Vanya for the paper! I think we did a good job telling about our heroics and explaining why we are a great team! I am lucky to have such amazing teammates! She asked me about being reprogrammed, and I was able to tell her that I have been training hard so no one would be able to do that to me. I'm not entirely sure that's true, but if I say that confidently, villains reading it will know how serious I am about preventing them from doing those things. They will know that I will do everything in my power to stop them. I don't want to be a villain.  I don't want to hurt people. And I don't want to lose my memories. I don't want to lose everything that's important to me. I want to be who I am. I don't want to be someone that someone else chooses for me. I am going to keep training hard.
## When you're older
I need to explain to Zephyr how learning works. I don't just wake up in the morning knowing something I didn't know the day before. I'm pretty sure it doesn't work for humans that way, either. Either way, getting older isn't going to teach me anything directly. I won't wake up one day knowing things. It definitely hasn't happened so far. Does he think I work that way? Or maybe he doesn't even know the answer. I've learned that humans don't always know answers, and it seems like they don't always tell you when they don't know. Then again, Zephyr knows a lot, so I think he knows; he just doesn't understand how my program works, I guess. He will once I explain, though!
## Bathsheba
I must stop Bathsheba. She must be stopped. She mind controls people, takes away their memories, and chains them to places against their will. She takes everything from them. All she does is take.

Marcus promised he would help if we could take down Bathsheba. I'm going to take her down. I don't know how, but right now I don't care that I don't know how. I am going to do it anyway. We have a lead on her with the dust from Marcus' clothes. We are going to find her. And when we do, I am going to kick her ass.
## Proud Parents
Vanya asked us about what our parents thought about us being superheroes.  I don’t have parents, but I didn’t know what Kieran would think about me being a hero.  He’s in jail, and I don’t know if he’s a bad guy.  I wanted to say he’s proud of me, and that I turned out the way he hoped.  But I don’t know that.  I don’t really know what he wanted me to be.  I do know that Kieran and Fiona don’t really seem to worry about me, though, because they know I’m strong and capable and smart.  I’m more durable than a human.  That’s why I answered the way I did.  Because it was the only answer I could think of.  I wish I knew a better answer than that, but I don’t.  He might not even be proud of me.  Even if he isn’t, I wouldn’t trade being a hero for anything.  So if he’s disappointed in me, I’m still not disappointed that I’m a hero.  I think it would still hurt if he’s disappointed in me, though.