The note leads to a little hole in the wall cafe up on Street. The Johnson can be found in the corner booth, the journey thus far being uneventful. The man looks up as you come in the door and approach the booth. "Ah, Mr. Windwalker." He smiles. Presuming you have a seat, he starts into what he needs.

"I don't know how much news you manage to follow, but one of the barrio wars has managed to ecalate pretty badly in the last few days." He pushes a map in front of you. It's an area not too far from here. "There's someone by the name of Jacob who is suspected to be in the no fire zone between the factions of the Digits and the Blues." He looks up at you, "You are expected to go and find Jacob, and bring him back here alive. No money for dead, this time." He grins a sardonic grin. "Questions?"

As you are listening to the rather dry debrief, you notice a spirit who is zooming around Johnson's left pocket. The spirit is fast, and hovers around what is presumably Mr Johnson's PDA. The spirit notices your attention, and looks your way for a brief second, but otherwise goes back to it's 'work.'

The shaman reaches out, takes the map between finger and thumb, turns it about experimentally. "What'll it cost, man, what'll it cost?"

Johnson looks up. "$5,000. All upon delivery."

"Got a photo, got a job, got anything?" Windwalker asks.

Johnson shakes his head. "Only thing we know is that this area in known on the upper levels for it's Bliss." Bliss, you recognize, a drug. Incapacitates it's user. Terribly addictive. "I would start here." Johnson points to a block on the map in the middle, "It's a known Bliss bar."

Windwalker snatches up the map and pockets it. A thought hits him. "Your PDA. Mind if I make a call?"

Johnson looks at you curiously. He pulls out his PDA, and looks at it. "You got the number or the relay?" He asks, shortly, tapping the screen a few times before waiting for your answer. The spirit follows the PDA, and dances wildly along the corners as Johnson's finger glides across the screen.

Windwalker rattles off a brief number, then holds out his hand.

As you rattle the number off, Mr. Johnson types it into his phone. As it starts ringing he hands you the PDA, keeping a careful eye on you.

Windwalker accepts the device, and now devotes his attention fully to the spirit. "Hey. It's me. Listen - I need to find out more about a guy. Like I need the best place to reach him. I and my friends can give you a good deal if you help me on this." He stares right at the ephemeral creature, then jerks his eyes in the direction of Mr. Johnson. "Let me know what your answer will be."

As you finish your question, you hear a peculiar, and loud, buzz come out of the speaker of the PDA. As you pull it away from your ear, you see scribed on the screen. 'Here 24h'. Then it goes back to the phone pad. Johnson looks up at you, "Well, what did they say?"

"It's just a mailbox." Windwalker hands back the phone. It is, indeed, just a one-way voicemail drop. "But they know how to reach me. Thanks."

Mr. Johnson shrugs and looks at you. "If that will be all..." He leads in, looking at the screen of his PDA. His fingers fly across it a bit longer, your friend again dancing across the device. No further information seems forth comming.

---

The indicated 'Bliss Bar' is actually called The Broken Thumb. For being in a war zone, the street seems pretty quiet. Perhaps that's the indicator. There's a lot of 'devoid of life' present on the streets. You can see various blast marks, a few shells along the road. Not that there's any traffic here. Walking into the bar, a few of the patrons turn disinterestedly to you, then turn back to their whatever they're having. A gentleman by the door, larger, a scar across both cheeks, looks you over, making it very clear that he's holding a large machine pistol.

Windwalker is wearing a thin set of clothes over his tactical suit, and his pistols are well out of sight. He's no professional but he should pass casual observation. Settling in at the bar, he clasps his hands together and inclines his head down just a bit, becoming another unobtrusive figure.

The bar is mostly empty. The bartender wanders over, taking his time, letting you know he's doin you a favor, and stops close by. "What can I get chur?" He stumbles out, looking at you critically.

This actually takes Windwalker by surprise for a moment, as he's typically not the sort to order drinks in a bar. "Beer," he replies after a beat.

The bartender scruffles something under his breath, and pulls a silver-labeled bottle of something out, capping it off, and plopping it on the faux wood of the bar. "Six." He states simply, staring back at you, his hand not coming off the bottle yet. The others int eh bar are taking little or no notice, seem to chalked you up to another fellow alcoholic.

Windwalker rummages for some cash and slaps it down, pushing it across the bar.

The bartender looks down, chuckles a bit, pushes some amount of change across back at you, releases the beer into your custody for safe keeping.

As the minutes was over you, and you start to feel the mood in the bar, you get the sense that there's a split. A few people, mostly to your right, keep glancing at one of the back walls, not all the time, just enough for you to catch them. In this group there's a couple sitting by the door, a girl by herself about half way back, and a long gentleman at the bar. You also sense some kind of spirit presence in the bar itself, but you don't see anything. It's rather faint. The bar runs along the wall, with the 'tender behind it. There's only about 15 feet between fore and aft. The wall of note is on your right, where the wall gives way to another 30 feet back.

"I'm lookin' for work," says Windwalker quietly, ostensibly to the bartender. "Anyone hiring around here?"

The bartender takes a look over in your direction. He grunts, "What exactly can you do, slick?" He says. He glances up at the ceiling. You manage to take a gander up there as well, quick enough not to be noticed, but enough to tell there's someone watching this besides those physically present. A hole, about 1 cm across, blinks back at you. The bartender coughs as he says this.

"I'm good with my hands. And my eyes," replies Windwalker, unobtrusively jerking a thumb upwards.

"Hey now." He says, loosing some of the rough overtones in his voice. "Th' name's Fred." He smirks, "Hey Gizmo. Our friend here wants a job." He says, loudly, "Show him the kitchen." With that Gizmo, the bouncer on the door, walks up behind you, and grasps you by the shoulder. "Come'ere."

As you are lead back, a panel in the wall slides over, and Gizmo and yourself are given entrance into a small, dark room. You are guided, wish no small measure of guidance by your guide, up some stairs. You pass several doors, but the one at the end of a short hallway is your destination. "Stop." commands Gizmo. "Weapons?" He asks, simply, holding his hand out.

Windwalker removes his pistols and hands them over, butts first. No need to be rude.

Gizmo places them on a shelf outside, and opens the door. It's not a grand office, but it is something. Power is on display in little ways, the dias his desk sits on. Expensive display to your left. Not opulence, but enough to lord over someone. "Observant little fuck, aren't you?" manages the man sitting behind the desk. "I'm The Boss. You want work, or what?" He looks over you, have the 'I'm doing you a favor' stance down way better than Fred downstairs.

"I didn't hand over a pair of pieces for 'or what'," replies Windwalker.

"Observant and prepared." The Boss states, "Good on ya." He pauses for a bit, then looks at ya, "You ain't from around here, are ya? Can you follow a map? I need something run over a few blocks. With the fucking Digits out there, I can't find anyone who will make my runs." He pulls out a pack of cigarettes, and tugs one out, "Smoke?" He proffers the pack. "New couriers pay up front. You pay $300, you take the package where we tell ya, you keep whatever they give ya."

Windwalker thinks quickly over his finances, then nods.

The Boss pushes a button on his desk, "Newbie here wants a package." A not-short span of time later, a package, about the size of a ream of paper, is brought in. Plainly wrapped, it's got a card with an address on it. The gopher who brought it in awaits payment, then leaves without exchanging a word. The Boss looks you over, "Get goin'. Time is money."

Windwalker retrieves his guns and heads downstairs. On the way, he approaches the bar and leans close, finding where he can feel the spiritual presence most strongly. "You got a friend in the family," he murmurs, seemingly to the air.

The Bartender, who wasn't nearby, gives you a bit of a look.. The spirit's presence seems a bit more felt as you speak to it, as if aknowledging it has woken it up a bit more. However, you are given no response.