The haze from the last successfull missions is still in his mind as Windwalker starts to feel the siren call of Axon 5 once again. Gadhula seems ot ahve retreated into the solstice of her cellphone home for now, and, while her presense is still felt in the phone, her activity level is down to a minimum.

Windwalker's eyes take but moments to adjust to the darker lighting of the Lower, where the Lodge makes it's home. Familiar signs and site mark the trail, discreetly, back to teh relative bustle inside of their steaked out little home in the abandoned underground extension of the Water Works.

There's a faded white clipboard from when people still used paper, and an ink pen, and a list of names - or aliases, in most cases. Few in the Lodge care for their old, mundane names. Some simply don't remember them. Instead, there's a litany of cultural references, fever-dream follies and convenient monikers. The shaman glances out of habit at the beat-up digital clock stationed next to the clipboard, noting the time. He writes himself in: "Windwalker", along with the time and date. And he goes to have a seat, against a tall wooden box marked SAVE that serves as his home, surrounded by a few blankets with scorch marks and deeply ingrained stains on them. When it's his time, he'll get his dose.

He's still got those two he got from Johnson after the first job. He'll tithe to the Lodge, but any good junkie knows to hold onto product.

While waiting for your fix, the minutes skip right past hours and seem to pass like days. Slow motion of everything, time, perception, not caused by drug itself, or withdrawal, but the most delicious high of all, anticipation. That tingling you get just on the edge of perception that you know will soon be fulfilled. For most addicts, it's the second best time around. After the actual fulfilling, that is. Several lifetimes later, Windwalker is called into the spirit lodge.

A familiar place, the spirit lodge, or Axon appreciation room, or crazy house is outfitted for whatever may come along. A few fixtures are tucked in the corners, barely coherent between needed courses; they are still looked after as brothers of the lodge. But even those such as Windwalker have a usual spot. The Lodge encourages folk to commune while on a gurney, lest the gurney be needed for any reason. Windwalker is given his dose, and directed into the room.

The capsule itself is small, about the size of one's thumbnail. The original organic-metallic shells that the inventors of Axon-5 used weren't available, so the Lodge makes do with a plastic imitation. The stuff isn't good for more than a few weeks at a time this way, but nobody in the Lodge is ever worried about long-term storiage. Windwalker places it on his tongue and lightly presses it against the roof of his mouth. Within the suspension, a commercially available nanodevice is filtering a complex molecular chain into his bloodstream, sending it to the brain. Sometimes, he thinks about it, a whole city's worth of chemists and nanoengineers and synthesizing devices. Ten thousand dollars a day pours into that cityscape and is carefully squeezed, condensed, dripped into his mouth. This is what it tastes like.

The tinglings of anticipation are replaced pleasantly by the feelings of that carbon chain into it's proper receptors, grown and encouraged over all this time. Chains of rings snapping into place, Windwalker is confronted almost immediately by Wolf. The wolf smiles. "He Who Walks on Wind." Wolf begins, "There is much to do. There is little time in which to do it." And with that, Wolf begins to turn, and run into the bright distance.

Windwalker begins to run after Wolf. Shapes start to affect themselves into his view as Wolf runs forward, the bright white surroundings begin to affect shadows, feint grey outlines that soon take shape into a vast wilderness. Trees, an uncommon enough site in singles or pairs, stretch on before Windwalker for miles all around. The Moon and starts are bright, brighter than most things Windwalker has ever seen. Continuing to run, at some point while taking this all in, Wolf has blended (been replaced by?) a pack of wolves, running along their territory, beside and among Windwalker. Indeed, too, rather than his legs, Windwalker now has dusty grey paws, efficiently pulling the solid leaf mould ground under him.

It is late winter, the trees, which in summer would assume a shady canopy, defiantly stretch their tendrils into the night sky, flicking their cold, unadorned limbs at the audacity of nature to be so cold. The area is unfamiliar to Windwalker, rolling foothills covered in trees. Like one might have seen in a textbook or older movie once.

The attack was sudden, and without notice. A large owl, hooting like a crazed monkey, swoops down, and claws at alpha, his forearm collapsing under him. Just as quickly, the owl flies off. A mistake? A freak accident? It doesn't much matter. The pack stops, every member wheeling to turn around Alpha. He will probably survive, but no more can the pack travel tonight.

Sonia snarls. "Too old." She pants, and starts to pace around Alpha. "Too many times he has let us down." She snaps at one of his hind legs, it kicking back out at the wolf. "New leadership." As the wolf lay bleeding on the ground. A realization washes over you, as memories fed from a tape. A botched takedown of a deer. Fishing Laos out of the river after the scrape with the other pack. However, it is clear action will need to be taken to get rid of the current Alpha. And Sonia has self selected to replace, as you can smell.

As you reflect on the situation, some memories come to you. Knowledge is revealed as if it was always there, but a part of you is reading it out for the first time. You were born into this pack, a son of the Alpha before this one, as all are. Sonia was of the same litter, her mother, the old Alpha, shows a lot in her, drive, determination. You are both young, several winters such. She has always resented Rolf, which was Alpha's old name.

Alpha ne. Rolf has been in charge since your mother was lost in a territorial fight. Rolf was your mother's mate at the time, but is not your father, who wandered off shortly after you were born; presumably to die. He seems an average, but relatively capable leader. The pack survives under Alpha, though your lands get smaller, as pressure is felt from the east.

Windwalker stays quiet for a time. His human mind seems intact, but something else has been added. Are the others merely 'talking wolves', or are they too invisibly endowed with something extra? Here he is, forced to make a decision. But not one for himself. The decision he makes, and the decisions his fellows make, are for the pack. What does it need?

The pack has to feel unity, connection, strength, harmony. It cannot long survive internal strife. Side with Sonia? His human heart rebels against this - _why reward someone who invites trouble and undercuts the leader?_ Side with Alpha? Not much better than standing for leadership on his own at the end of the day - it means a fight with the challenger no matter what. Would it be better to lose Alpha, or Sonia? And if he loses, it's moot - it's the status quo again, only with two (or three) wounded wolves instead of one.

Something hits him. _Man stopped using magic. We lost it. We remembered, but we lost it. We found a new way. That went for awhile. Now this old thing is coming back, almost by accident..._ Loyalty to the old ways is no guarantee of prosperity, but remembrance? That is always vital.

"Sonia," he 'says' at last. "When it is your time, when someone else hamstrings you as you lay bleeding. Will you go so meekly?"

Sonia snarls back. Her voice isn't as full of the rough vitriol as before, but she's still edged. "Walker, you always were meek, just like the one who let our mother die!" She jumps at you, baring her teeth and snarling. A sign of aggression, perhaps, but not an overt attack. She backs after this, "Will no one else come to my aid? Can no one else see how Rolf holds us back!" A couple of the wolves look up at Sonia. Using Alpha's old name is a grave insult.

"If you must ask who will aid you, then you haven't earned it," replies the shaman, baring his own teeth and taking a step forward. But he doesn't attack. Not yet.

The pack backs into a larger circle around the pair, no one inclined to take any sides. Sonia looks at you. And you can see, through your held gaze, her resolve isn't broken. However, she barks, more embarassed than agressive now. "Very well." She backs. "I will take Leon and Haddok hunting. The rest of you see what you can do for Alpha."

"Good hunting," answers Windwalker, calmly.

Alpha's eyes close as the trio departs. Wounds are tended too, after a fashion, and shelter is found nearby. The hunters return with a couple of badgers for meal, and the pack holds up here for the day. Watches are hardly needed, wolves tend not to be hunted so much as hunters.

Windwalker is awakened during the day, a little after noon. The harsh sun beats down on his eyes, never before has he seen anything as bright as the high winter sun against the white barked trees and landscape. Even what is human inside of Windwalker marvels at the site. Sonia is there. "We're leaving." she begins, her hunter companions from earlier, always her friends, flank the would be Alpha. Such a thing is not uncommon, though three is hardly better than one, and the original pack is hardly big enough to warrant a split. Sonia's emotions are a tangled blur, as part of your still shaman self can see the spirit strong in her, sensing it's movements and wavering. However, much is clouded to your perceptions.

Windwalker pauses. "Not yet. First, come here. Come with me," he directs.

Sonia looks at you strangely. Leon steps forward and snarls, but Sonia steps in front of him, stepping in line to follow you.

Windwalker pads his way to Alpha, nominally the wolf who leads the pack. With Sonia present, he inclines his head somewhat. This is the most important voice, but it hasn't yet been heard. His human soul concurs - _if he's worthy of leadership, he'll know what is right. Whatever that is. And if he's not, there's a replacement ready._ "Alpha. What is .. what is the right thing to do right now?" he asks quietly.

Alpha looks up. He's working with pain, and his voice is edged with it, but not so much as he shouldn't be speaking, or thinking. Alpha doesn't get up, and looks directly at Sonia as he speaks. "Walking on three paws might doom one to starve. But if those three paws spend their time looking after the forth, then it was already gone." He lays his head back down, and closes his eyes.

Windwalker thinks intently. He thinks back to one of the first and wisest things he ever heard Wolf say. It was something that fixed in his mind the idea that this was a good spirit patron. It was a simple truth, and one that the Lodge had proven day after day to him: wolf packs eat venison. lone wolves eat mice.

He looks away. Not quite in Sonia's direction, not fully ignoring the other. He speaks, apparently to himself. "If I were to die fighting, I wouldn't want it to be with someone in my pack. I'd want it to be something they could eat. I'd want it to be a gift to them. Then nobody could say that I wasn't a good leader. They'd always remember me."

Sonia looks between the two of you. The apparently asleep Alpha, and Windwalker. She looks away. "I was hoping you would join me, brother." A term she uses rarely for you. She turns, and begins to prowl away; but something in her eye says she'll be around in the morning.