Windwalker takes the package of whatever sells these days and walks our of the bar. The scene is much the same as when he entered, a very quiet, desolate street. The signs of the conflict are subdued but present. Walls pocked with stray gunshots. Blacktmarks score the solid ground here and there. Windwalker doesn't see anoyne else out for the time, an errie quiet settling over the scene.

As Windwalker strolls to the destination as indicated, he sees a couple of folks out. They wear a dark green, one of the two's jackets adorned with steel, the others' is simply tied shut. They make little effort to conceal their presence, the larger one (with the steel) holds his shoulders high, as if he wants to be seen.

With early warning comes a change of plan. The shaman was expecting this, and consequently he ducks into one of the nearby buildings he'd been eyeballing earlier. Constant preparation is the key to surviving the urban landscape.

As the shaman's eyes scan the charred shell of a building he's ducked into, he sees what used to be the back way out. An alley is present, light brightly with the cold florescence of the artifical light the city provides to street, timed to simulate a day cycle. It's trashy back here, but WIndwalker should have no problems using this to bypass the pair.

Thinking about the directions that he was given, Windwalker realises that the Bliss house that he was assigned to drop off to should back into this same ally.

The rear of the location appears in the distance.

The Ally is as dead as the rest ot this part of town. Some gunfire sounds behind you, but far enough away, sounding mostly like popcorn. The building is probably an apartment complex. Or at least was at one point in time, rought Iron forescapes boted crudely on the back of the building. You sense a spirit in the building, but it's not present right now.

In this part of town the next level up is about 20' from the ground. THe apartment building rises all the way to the top.. The lighting is artificial from this 'ceiling', coming from straight 8' florescent light encased in (what you know to be) bullet proof plastic. Or so it's said.

Windwalker thinks carefully. The roof is probably safer - and so accordingly he whispers the spell that gives him his nickname, and sneaks into the alley to walk up the air and attain the roof of this wreck.

On the roof you have various pipes that flush right up into the ceiling of Street. You know these to carry the lifeblood of Chicago: Water, Power, Data. Enterance into the building can be gained through one of several metal portals, raied several inches from the ground, with handles. Upon inspection, these will each have a rathe rbasic mechanical lock on them.

To avoid as much notice on the ground as he can, Windwalker goes all the way. Extracting his treasured lockpicks from their torn leather case, he mechanically picks the mechanical locks that secure one of the hatches and tugs it open gently.

It's dark down there. As Windwalker open the hatch, the artifical light scatters into the building. There's a metal ladder that will take Windwalker down, and a handle on the inside to close hatch behind him. But then it would be dark. The room below is containes a wet sink, and a mop and bucket to one side. It is small, only about 4' by 6'.

Windwalker flips on his flashlight and grips it between his teeth, then descends with the package stowed under one arm.

Windwalker finds, tests, and carefully opens the one door leading out of this darkened chamber in which he's found himself.

The hallway outside of the door is light in red, a glaring, awful color that splashes along the wood panel walls in a garish contract. THe is a single hallway outside of the door. A guard sits on one end of the hallway, staring booredly down the stairs of the the landing he is sitting on. There's several other doors down the way.

The guard wears yesterday's fashion. Hight pants, and a puffy blue shirt. Making him looks humourously like a straight pin if he were to stand up. Or a blue cotton candy. THe gentleman is of Asian descent. He has a gun cradled in his lap.

"Yo," calls Windwalker down the hall, directing his hail at the man with the gun. "Delivery."

The guard jumps, his hand on his gun. He looks at the package, and grins big, looks at you, "Oi. Wha're you doin up 'ere?" He points at the doors, "Payin' custoemrs only. Peekin' costs too." He grins at you, with a knowing wink.

Windwalker fixes the man with a heavy stare. "Can we skip this? I got a message for someone named Jacob too."

The guard looks at you. "You're loss, pal." He rubs his chin, "Jacob? You want that rich kid? Damn, everyone is lookin' for him. That whore he prowls around with brought him up here once, but they ain't here now." He looks at you, then looks at the package, "I dunno where they go." Subterfuge is not this guy's strong suit.

"Whore, fine, got a name?" Windwalker fishes in his pocket for more of his precious cash and gestures with it. He judges the amount carefully - not enough to tip off suspicion, but still enough to make it worth the bother. "I'm a busy man."

The Guard looks at the cash, then looks at the package. He raises an eyebrow, "I'm lookin to get out of this hole, you see..."

"Get a cheaper shovel," Windwalker suggests. Nevertheless he ponies up a bit more cash.

The Gard reguards you gruffly, and snatches the money fron your hand. "Her name is Tina Wing." She smiles, "At least, that's the name she gives around here." He tips his hat, "Gus is the name, if you'll be runnin the stuff regular." He licks his lips, and stands to one side.

The stairs down are rather uneventful.. Each level seems to have it's own color code. It goes red, blue, then yellow / white as you get to the bottom. THe guard at the bottom of the stairs reguards you, but sees your package, and gestures to the other room. You see a few guys hanging out, a couple watching TV... Two by the front door holding postols in their hand. Only the fat one reguards you, "Boss finally got a shipment through? War's bad for business."

Windwalker lays down the package with one hand, and extends an open palm with the other. "I avoided the war. Time for the business," he says with a smile.

Fat man looks at you, "Alright. Gruff, aren't ya. Haven't been sampling the good, I see, anyway." He smiles, "Boss has contract for $400, right?" He looks at the man to his left, who places the indicated sum of money on the table.

Windwalker pockets the cash and salutes, then turns to leave. He has a name, and it's one he's far more interested in pursuing.

As you leave by the front door, Fat Man garbles back, "Hope to see you soon. These bliss heads dunno what's worth what, right?" He smiles. You hear the pepper of gunfire to the south as you get back outside onto the street. The same direction as the bar.

Windwalker heads back to the Bliss Bar. The pockets of gunfire heard get louder as he advances, but he sees no sign of conflict, or any more uniformed soldiers as he makes his way though the desolate, war-torn streets. The Broken THumb is much as it was left, a different collection of barflies, perhaps, but much the same as before. The bartender greets you with a big smile, but says nothing.

Windwalker figures the bartender will be slightly more receptive this time around. "Guy at the other place mentioned a girl," he says offhandedly. "Tina Wing. Ring any bells?"

This emits a large chuckle from the 'tender. "Got Yur some cash and already ready to blow yeur wad, as it is?" He smils brightly. "Tina's usually stoping along der Pink Puppy." He smiles, "It's a bit hairy down there, all told, however."

Windwalker nods appreciatively, dredging up $5 from his pocket for the tip cup.

Windwalker gets steered in the proper direction, then waves casually. "Seeya soon."

The street on which the Pink Puppy is situated is rife with the gunfire heard earlier. Windwalker manages to find some rubble to hide behind before he enters the combat, but it seems each faction is hold up in several burned out buildings on either side of the road. The greens on the left, and the greys on the right. The whore house is on the right. Probably half a block in.

Windwalker sighs. "This business will get out of control," he mutters to himself. "It will get outta control and we'll be lucky to live through it."

The shaman tucks himself next to a building and a dumpster, patiently watching the war. He manages to stay out of the line of fire, and make himself as non-combatant at possible.

The hours stretch on a bit, and Windwalker sees little traffic. Then he hears somethign behind him, past the dumpster, the disting sound of Iron on Iron. A practicedly smooth female voice speaks in a whisper, "Sorry honey, for the trouble."

Windwalker's hands are on the butts of his pistols before he takes his next breath. "I'm just lookin' for someone here," he says neutrally.

"Wha?" The voice says, as a few people climb out of the sewer vent. THe trim young lady of guessable occupation coming up first, "You lookin' for something, hotshot?" She quirks her hips as the various johns climb out.

Windwalker takes a look back. "A girl," he explains, jerking a thumb toward the brothel. "Who sometimes works there. Girl of the prophecy."

The various Johns run off as the whore's hand moves to slide around your waist. "I'm a fortune teller. I see myself in your future.." She smiles at you.

"Tina Wing," the hunter half-whispers. "I just need to talk to her."

The whore rolls her eyes, "Popular girl these days. And so little time she has with.." Wendy stops, "Follow me, sugar. I'll take you to the girl of your destiny."

Wendy leads the way through the tunnel. You actualy recognize part of the rail system they're using here. As it seems you aren't a paying customer, Wendy is more than happy to show you the way. She points to a ladder up. "Here you go, hon." She wanders back to the enterance.

There are several ladies in waiting as you reach the top of the ladder. The air is acrid, the stench of gunpower wafting through the building. Combatted by the finest purfumes and incense that can be bought on the streets in bulk. A dusky woman walks up, "What's your'e pleasure.. soldier?"

"Stand still, Godfrey, it'll all be over in a minute," mutters Windwalker to himself. "Tina Wing," he says. "Just want to talk business."

The woman smiles, "Everyone wants to talk business here, sugar. Tina's with a .. special client right now. Perhaps I could help you.. take a load off?"

"Special? Probably working her way through the whole alphabet," Windwalker mumbles. "Somewhere between I and.. K, probably?" He glances at the madam's face.

Unfortunately the whores that you get on Street aren't exactl ythesame range as those above. This takes the girl several seconds of thinking before the pings to what you are saying, the rhyme of 'now I kno..' falling under the breath. She grins at you, "Now, that would be telling... I'm sure yuo wouldn't want your name revealed, as I'm sure Mr. Jonas doesn't."

Windwalker nods agreeably. "I'll just wait then."

The newewst whore shrugs, "ROm's for payin' customers, friend." Her tone less than nice, "Anyway, Tina's not likely to be done for a while. Not with Jonas." She glares at you. "What do you want with her. Or is it him?"

"Him." Windwalker fishes about, bringing up $20. "How much are chairs going for then?"

"It's your money, sugar." She pulls out a pack of cigarettes, and starts to light one up, taking the offered coin, "Just say you're with rosie if anyone asks."

The whore house is not particularly busy, and most of the workers here go about their lives as usual. People are brought in from the hatch that you entered from. Eventually, a girl comes down the stairs. Rosie looks over at you. And tilts her head at the girl.

Tina wanders ovr to one of the girls, slightly older, and they carry on a hushed conversation. After thin, Tina heads for the hatch.

The fish isn't in sight and the lure is escaping. Windwalker gets up with intent to follow.

Tina notes you stand and looks over, "You been waiting just for me?" She smiles, "I don't think ... It must have been over int hat house.." She trails off, clearly confused, "I've got an errand to run... Maybe someone else can help you today?" SHe gestures around.. SHe's clearly distracted.

"I'm looking for Jacob," Windwalker says, keeping his voice low. "The rich boy. He's safe. It's just business."

Tina's eyes focus on you. Her eyes dart to the older woman she was talkign to earlier, "I don't .." She pauses, "I don't know what you're talking about. Now, I really must go." She moves to exit.

Moving to intercept, Windwalker is mindful of the adage - you break it, you bought it. He still has some space in the good graces of the establishment. And so he doesn't shove or push or manhandle, only interpose himself. "I'm not going to hurt him," he says calmly, trying for eye contact. "You're both safe."

Tina looks at you, "I.." She tries to get up to lying again. And decides agaisnt it. "I knew they'd send someone." She looks at the older whore, "He knew too..." Tears well up in her eyes. "You..." SHe stammers.

The girl sighs, and looks around, "I'd best take you to him, then." She leads you up the stairs, and to a room, third on the left, second story. In there you find a well dressed young man, with blonde, spikey hair. He's awake, b the calls you, "Tina, my goddess... you have it for me?" Without moving. She leads you into the room with her. "We're in love." She says, tears coming to her eyes.

Windwalker nods slowly. "This your first time busting out?" he asks calmly.

Tina looks at you confusedly, "Hmmm?" She looks at Jacob, "Don't mind him. He just needs his Bliss..." She murmurs.

Windwalker moves to check the kid out.

THe kid seems fine.. He's 17, and way over dressed. Tina will gasp if you touch him, but makes little move to stop you. He seels alright, but obviously in the grips of somethign or another. One assumes Bliss, or possibly the downside.

"Guess I mean, has he been here before? And been taken away?" asks Windwalker as he checks the vital signs.

Pulse is racing. He's breathing somewhat quickly. He doesn't move as you hadle him, his flesh slightly cold, at least for what normal body temp is.

Tina shakes her head, "No..." She looks at the ground, "We just want to be happy." She looks at him, "He told me. Or..." She pauses, ".. Well, he's obviously from money... They're not jus tgoing to let one of their own be down here..." She looks at you..

"Fine." Windwalker makes to shoulder the kid. "He found you once, he can find you again." He takes a moment to lock eyes with Tina. "Be sure who's doin' the talkin', though, little lady. Him or the Bliss."

Tina looks at you and bites her lip. SHe stand at the door, spreading her arms across it. "I ..." She looks. "I won't let you take him." She looks indignantly at you.

Windwalker hums. "I got two guns," he says. "You got a brothel. He's to come back alive. Nothin' was said about you. But I'd rather you be here when he comes back, you know?"

Tina looks at you... then steps to one side. "He will come back... you know." She calls out, as you carry the young man down the stairs.

"Good," answers the hunter with a genuine smile. "I'll see you again then, miss." And he hauls his catch out.

The ruined parts of the barrio afford numerous spots to drag a young man for detox. Windwalker brings along a good supply of water to nurse Jacob back to consciousness. Of course, he's also brought along enough cloth, twine and other material to concoct bonds for the kid - should he get clever.

"Tina?" THe youth says as he begins to come too, His flesh warmer, his eyes go from pinpoint pupils to heavily dialated as the recovery phase begins to close. He tugs at his restraints, and looks up, "Where's Tina? Where am I?"

"You're....a.... guest," explains Windwalker slowly. "Of the Master Control Program. I'm here to take you back. But I've got a deal for you."

"Master.. wha?" He asks, looking at Windwalker. "Back? It's not time... " He pants, "I don't want to go back yet." He struggles more. If he heard your last statement about offering a deal, he does not give indication.

"There's a guy," explains Windwalker. "I can describe him. Put a name to the face, if you can. If it pans out, I'll help you break out in the future."

THe youth is still clearly dazed slightly. "A guy? Who? How should I know?" He looks around him, trying to figure out how he can get away, "Sure.. yeah.. whatever, man."

Windwalker smiles. "He hired me to find you. I figure you might have a shot." He goes on to describe Mr. Johnson in as much detail as he can muster. A gamble with low odds, but the hunter's willing to try anything.

Jacob shakes his head, "I don't know where you're at on this, man..." He says, "What do you want with me, anyway?" He' just now begining to register his situation. "My dad's got a ton of money.. He'll pay, if you live longe nough to spend it..."

Windwalker shrugs. "You're not being kidnapped. As far as I know. But I'm after this guy. If you know who he is - or if you _find out_ who he is, you can go play with your doll all day long and I'll keep you hidden. You hear me?"

Jacob looks up, "Doll? Tina?" He muses on this for a second, "Yeah.. I hear ya. Might be worth it." He looks around.

Jacob is easily lead back throught eh barrio, and back to te arranged dropoff point. Mr. Johnson smiles widely as Jacob is lead over, "Mr. Jacob. You have been such a naughty child." Mr. Johnson looks at you, "$5,000, as agreed." He ahnds over the money, leading Jacob into the car. Jacob gives the Johnson one more knowing glance, glances back at you, and steps into the car, it speeding off, and yourself, $5,000 righter.