Bash cleans himself up when he gets home, then goes back to work. He lights a cigarette while browsing the first of his favorite BBS's. It's a system that doesn't let no-names post about their services, so there is a good chance of finding someone able to crack the drive and be discrete about it. Bash scribbles down a couple of names, then goes back to the local trade's online version to see if there are any useful listings there.

Bash finds a likely listing and drops some anonymized contact information to the indicated address. A while later, an address is dropped. Well, it's more a street corner. It's on Street, but other than that you don't really know the location.

Bash goans at the thought of seeing the crazy hobo so soon after parting. He dials Windwalker as he rummages through his fridge for an energy drink.

Windwalker picks up. "It's your dime."

Bash says, "Walker, it's Bash. I got a lead on a crypto, but he's got a meetup location on Street. Have you ever been to..." He reads off the location from the email."

"The barrio, yeah," replies Windwalker. "Good. Wanted to do some scouting up there anyway."

Bash says, "How dangerous is the area?"

Windwalker thinks. "Hookers and bangers, mostly. Arm yourself, stay away from groups, should be okay."

Bash says, "How about we meet up there, just in case this goes sour?"

"See you there then," replies Windwalker.

Bash says, "Right."

Bash hooks the external drive back up to his machine to rip a code sample from it to bring to the meeting. Once finished, he hides the box in a (relatively) safe location in his apartment. He lights another cigarette, takes one last swig of caffeine, grabs his bag and hurries out to meet up with WindWalker.

---

Windwalker arrives on scene first. The barrio is a familiar part of town to him, or at least, he's visited a few times. THe street corner in question looks desolate, and dust covered. The buildings, what remains of them, are pocked with the tell-tale black charring of incendiary devices. Several of then are half rubble, but signs of life still abound, even among the decay. It seems little progress has been made since Walker's last visit. The battle lines are nowhere near this area.

Bash follows not far behind Windwalker, looking around the near-war zone with interest. The artificial lighting here is bright, brighter than on other parts of Street, anyway, fairing out the white ceiling, as if there were sky overhead.

The mark in question sticks out like a sore thumb, all slick in shiny black, the sort of thing that was in movies ten years ago. His hair is spiked up, blond frosted. A heavy pack is sling over his shoulder. There are a few others on the street, all giving the obvious mark a wide berth when around him.

Bash motions to Windwalker to keep an eye out while he walks toward the ridiculous emo kid. He approaches cautiously.

The kid sees Bash walking more or less in his direction, and calls out from across the street, "Hey, Are you--" The youth pauses for a bit, remembering that he didn't get a name, even a screen name. He finished up lamely, but no less loudly, "the guy?!"

Bash grins at his save, and nods to the kid. He gets a little closer before speaking. "Thank you for announcing my presence to every hooker and cokehead in shouting distance. Yes, I am THE GUY. Are you THE MAN?"

The kid nods as Bash chides him, the blush apparent even under his overly large darkened classes. He pulls them off, and looks Bash up and down, "Sorry." He says, lamely, and significantly softer, "So, you have some work for me, ya?" he asks.

Bash says, "That depends. I'm looking for someone who can first be honest and upfront with me. I've got a sample of the code I need cracked. If you know you can't do it, tell me. Maybe you know someone else who can, and we can work something out. Second, I need someone who understands the value of discretion. You're going to to have to convince me that you know what that word means. What's your name, kid?"

The kid gets a bit ruffled at this treatment. Against all evidence to the contrary, he puffs himself up, "I'm all pro man." He looks at Bash, "I can handle what you got." He says, in a different, overly gruff voice. He nods, "I'm known as Damien in some circles." Damien pauses just a bit and says, "Let's see what you've got?"

Bash rolls his eyes at the kid's name. He can't help it. Knowing that talent can hide even in the saddest of packages, he fishes out a stick with the code sample on it and hands it to Damien.

Damien at least had enough sense to bring a deck along, he motions you guys into the alleyway between two buildings, and he plops down and pulls out what seems to be a rather normal deck. He nods at the data stick, and pushes it into the back of the machine, punching up the sample information.

"We have a tail," announces Windwalker quietly. "A block up. We're gonna lose him before we do anything else."

Bash nods. "Pack up, kid. We're moving before we continue this."

Damien doesn't even look up at Windwalker's words, instead content with hacking on the data stick. "Wow.." He says, idly. As Bash addresses him, "Wha?" Damien looks, "I wasn't followed, I swear."

Bash closes deck in front of Damien. "We move. Now. Not doing what the large crazy man says is bad. This data is hot and you chose a bad spot to meet a client in. Let's go."

Damien almost looks as if he's about to cry, maybe more from the closing of the deck than the insult. He stands up, hefting his deck along with him. "I didn't get a good look yet..."

AS you peack down the alley that damien has selected, you see the back of another building, but you could go left or right once you get there. traditional big-city neighborhoods, the backs of buildings let out into a sort of long alleyway.

Bash whispers low to Walker. "Two in black. One carrying."

Windwalker mumbles something to himself. "Alright, lead on. I'll be in the back."

Windwalker waves a hand. "Anywhere. I'll know if we lose 'em. Just keep moving."

Bash places a hand on Damien's shoulder and smiles. "I really want to give you the time to get a good look at this data. We just have to relocate. Please walk with me and look a bit less distressed. And be quiet." Bash squeeze the kid's shoulder reassuringly.

Bash keeps his left hand on the kid's shoulder and steers them down the alley, away from the MiB.

Right down the alley is slightly more 'away' from pursuit. There are entrances up and down the lane here, in a much more haphazard fashion, stairs raised to halflevels of buildings. On your right as you turn is a older looking street tough, who eyes you, but makes no other sound. You've managed to break direct eye contact. For now.

Damien yelps a bit as he's lead, almost like a puppy, he follows obediently whereever you lead, dragging his deck along in his arms.

Windwalker lightly slaps Bash's sleeve, pointing off to his right. A syncrete building, green-tinged by the engineered bacteria that used to keep its outer surface clean, has a narrow gap that used to be closed off by a chain link fence. The fence has long since had a hole cut in it, but there's a plastic tarp hung over it that would obscure that fact - an ideal hiding place.

Bash points to the hole in the fence, and pushes Damien on to go through it. Bash quickly follows.

Windwalker follows, mumbling the same thing he did earlier.

Windwalker flashes the 'okay' sign with his fingers, the index finger of his other hand at his lips in a warning for silence.

Damien looks questioningly at Bash as Windwalker makes various handmotions.

Bash puts his finger up against his lips in the universal sign for "shush".

Minutes pass... the normal street noises are all you guys hear.

Windwalker nods. "Alright. Let's continue," he whispers tersely.

Bash peels back a sliver of the tarp carefully to make sure no one is in the vacinity, then crawls out, dragging Damien behind him.