A few days later, Luciel Starwhisper comes to Saeren and tells her that the Sentinels and the Warsong Clan have come to a tentative agreement to join forces against the naga of Azshara. "But we need to send word to Astranaar of our plans," she says. "And my sentinels have reported that the furbolgs of Greenpaw have grown restless. It's no longer safe to travel the roads."

"That is unfortunate", says the tauren Kagarn Stormhoof, looking grim. "My own path takes me to Zoram'gar, on the western coast. If it is not safe to travel to Astranaar, still less will it be safe to travel beyond."

"I have no special hatred of furbolg," says Saeren. "But I imagine you are not saying this for idle conversation."

Luciel shakes her head. "Nor do we, but the furbolg are no longer so peaceful toward us. To get my message to Astranaar safely, I would have to send at least half a dozen sentinels, and we need as many forces as we can send to Azshara itself. Gorthak tells me that his people will not stay their axes in Ashenvale for long. The sooner we move on the naga, the better." Luciel bows. "So I would ask a favor."

"Well, if it makes everyone use their heads for a change." In Saeren's opinion, that means agreeing to kill naga.

"I am grateful," says Lucien. "For this as well as your other assistance."

Gorthak, meanwhile, has sent for Ezra Pyreborn. "A messenger came with a note for you," he says, handing Ezra an envelope with the seal of the Undercity.

The note reads: "Daniel Bates is alive. Thanks to your efforts, we have discovered that the body we thought was his belonged to another. We are investigating anyone who had worked through him; to that end, we would esteem it a great service to Undercity if you could investigate one of our research outposts in western Ashenvale, north of Maestra's Post. Its association with Mr. Bates, as well as its proximity to the coast, makes that operation doubly suspicious."

Ezra has mixed feelings about more messages from Undercity, and the relative ease with which they keep finding him. But he pens a quick reply, and asks Gorthak to see it safely to its destination.

Gorthak is more than happy to do so. "This messenger is fortunate for me," he says. "I have my own messages to send to Orgrimmar."

As the party leaves Splintertree behind, Kagarn seems to have something on his mind. He turns to Saeren and asks her, "Luciel spoke of you having an 'obsession' with the naga. If it isn't rude of me to ask, what did she mean by that?"

"She meant that I won't rest properly until they are dead. All of them." Saeren looks at Kagarn with dark eyes. "They have taken something from me that I can never regain. All I have left now is my wrath. It is all I will need to achieve my aims."

Kagarn frowns. "I... see," he says. "And when they are defeated, what then? What will you do with your life?"

"What does the stone do when the long roll down the hillside ends? What does water do when it reaches the ocean?" The elf stares off at the horizon, "It doesn't matter."

Kagarn rubs his chin and stares at Saeren for a long moment, looking pensive. As if realizing he'll get little more out of her, he turns to the mage. "And Ezra Pyreborn, what of you? Why does an undead have such an animus for the naga? What do you get out of making war with them?" he asks.

"It would mean that my wife and child could live in a peaceful world," the mage answers as he walks. "If they still live. And if not, well... I think they would want peace anyway, yes?"

The tauren looks puzzled. "Wife and child?" he says, thinking for a long moment. "It is rare, in my experience, to find a Forsaken who cares greatly about his family and friends from his former life. If anything, they have usually been contemptuous and hostile of them, as if they found it painful to recall their living years."

"Oh yes..." The mage seems almost happy, if an arcane zombie can be described as such. "It is because I don't remember anything at all, you see. Flowers, and smiles. Fragments. A hungry man will eat anything, you see, yess.. any scrap he can find."

Kagarn's eyes widen. "Ah," he says, rubbing a finger along the side of one of his horns. "I see. So you do not hate your wife and child precisely because you do _not_ remember who they are?" He raises an eyebrow. "And what if your memories returned, or were given to you?"

"Then I would be a different man than I am now, yesss." Ezra's glowing eyes turn to regard the tauren. "And you would have to assk him that question again, yes."

A dessicated hand points at the elf he walks beside. "Consssider Saeren, whose life is that of naga hunter. You can assk her what her purpose would become once that deed wass done, but what good do you expect to get from her ansswer? She cannot see passt that horizon. She will become a new elf. Tempered by her fire, quenched in revenge.. will she break? Or be reborn? Hmm? But she cannot know."

"Hmm," says Kagarn. "And Nerai? What about..." he begins, only to be cut off by a loud bang. "Blast!" comes the goblin's high-pitched voice, echoing from inside the guts of Eecee. "Gimme a moment, need to retune this..." Kagarn simply shakes his head and returns his attention to the donkeys' reins.

---