> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-10-09" started by TidesGM at Sun Oct 9 17:38:29 2011 CDT (OOC)

On Yojamba Isle, the Zandalari trolls haul Nerai to a little hut and roughly deposit her in front of an ancient, wrinkled troll sitting cross-legged inside. He is wearing little but cured leather and a blindfold over his eyes. "Dis be Yoja," explains one of the escorts. "He ver' wise. You listen to him, mon." The troll troupe file out and slide a leather flap over the hut's door, leaving Nerai alone in darkness, able to smell sweat and flesh and herbs, and hear the labored breathing of the elderly witch doctor.

"Dey say you is not like other goblins, mon," wheezes Yoja. "Dat you got a pure heart, an' resist corruption. Dat be how we gonna save dem goblins to de south. It be risky, though. Dis be some strong voodoo, an' maybe you not come back from it. You wan' try dis ting, or mebbe you an' your friends got some otha' plan, ya?"

Nerai's nose crinkles at the acrid and strong small of the various herbs in the Witch doctor's hut. She breaths in deep, and looks at the troll, "Yes. If this is the best way to do it." She shutters a bit, though, looking at the witch doctor. "Just tell me what you need me to do."

Yoja makes a fluttery, labored series of sounds which might have been called laughter decades ago. "Good, good! I study dis drownin' plague of de naga for some time. Dis grail business your friends bring, it be powerful stuff too. De naga, dey infect de waters with some taint o' de Old God, Dagun. So we gonna infect you too. Only not all de way. We gonna use voodoo, hold you back from becomin' a slave o' de naga. It your blood we gonna infect, little one. Afta that, you become a _pwen_. Dis be a powa object, like a doll, makin' a link between you an' de other goblins. You control dem through de link."

> (OOC) Kaliera has connected.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "That finishes Bill's prep-stuff, and now we're ready for Nerai's bit."

> (OOC) Nerai is going to spam stuff in. Mostly cutscene.

In the trance, Nerai lays on a cot in the test. Visions of her heritage flash before her mind, her upbringing, Many of Rolf, and also, her blood connection with other Goblins. She gets flashes, and urges; The glib salesman on the corner of a bazaar; The sickening knot in her stomach as she feels another lie to close the deal. The snug self-satisfaction of nearly an entire race.

Then, into the trance comes the curse of Dagun. Her view shifts, and she can feel a strong presence in her mind. Dagun, the one they've been fighting. The Goblin strains, twitching visibly on the cot as she feels the weight of the God's call on her form. She can feel the Shaman's brew just barely keeping them at bay as she reaches out to Booty Bay.

Meanwhile, by orders, a ship, not of Booty Bay, is parked just outside. There are two key crews aboard the vessel. One is a contingent of Orcs, ready to clear the beaches of any Bloodsail that might be present, and hold the line in-case Dagun, who has an inkling now, decides to send a force.

The other contingent is 'The Grail Crew'. Under heavy guard, they are there to provide relief to the Goblins and others who should, if all goes according to plan, come marching out of Booty Bay.

Nerai tries to put Dagun out of her mind, but the oppressive force of the Old God's presence makes thinking hard. She does have, just a little link left, to contact the denizens of Booty Bay, and twinge in their heads. "Come out to the beach" says the message. "Come hear the siren call."

Goblins, Tauren, Humans, and others from Booty Bay all begin to march out of the bay, across and down the boardwalk, and down to the beach with both the combat crew and the grail attendants wait for their charges. Each steps forward, and takes a drink from the chalice being proffered. There.s also some Goblins on hand, Blackwater or friends ready to talk to the hypnotized denizens as to what happened.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm alive now :)"

Nerai feels Dagun reel and rage against her in her mind, feeling the pervasive bounder of Dagun.s ancient hate for anything land based baring down, held aloft her head by the orange gas of the Shaman.s brew. Her body shakes viciously, her claws, pulling up against the restraints she.s been placed under, attempting to get Dagun out of her head. Her body wracked with the unfamiliar effort of coordinating so many people in their march out of Booty bay.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "OK. Let me know when you're caught up? This is all prewritten."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm caught up :)"

The citizens, recovered from the curse by Nerai.s siren song have a few thoughts upon awaking. One, let.s try and fix everyone else. Two, kick out the interlopers. Three, Nerai saved us. The touch of the Goblin.s mind is on all of the saved of Booty Bay. As more of the Booty Bay citizens and denizens shake off the curse, crews of them go back into the city, fighting the various murlocs and Naga off who had been the overseers of the town. There are minor skirmishes, here and there pockets of resistance need to be taken down, but by and large, the surprise liberation of Booty Bay is accomplished with more of whisper than a bang.

Nerai, however, is one casualty of the liberation. As the oppressive force of hate pushed down upon her, she had to reach through the fog of protection offered by the Shaman.s powerful magics to continue to overwrite and lead the population of Booty Bay to it.s liberation. She opens her eyes on the cot, her resistance against the restraints long ago slacked off.

Too weak to move, she looks at the Shaman. She moves to speak, but finds words not coming from her mouth.

Yoja speaks, "Dat be a great ting you did der, mon." He frowns a bit, "Look's like Dagun got a bit o' ya do."

Nerai finally finds her words, and grunts, "Take me to Booty Bay."

---

Nerai finds some strength in her legs with the assistance of a cane thoughtfully provided by the trolls, and heads on the airship to Booty Bay. She talks to her friends, "I haven't been much for words." She says, "But I believe my place is with Booty Bay now. I can do good through helping." She coughs, "Direct operations there, and help the Goblins be accepted." She wheezes.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Okay, Open pose."

> (OOC) TidesGM checks the crowd. Anyone have their goodbyes for Nerai?

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Alrighty.. :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Definitely."

> (OOC) Sookie has as well, followin Saeren

Saeren looks at Nerai with a smile curving her lips, but her eyes clouded slightly. Still, the sentinel will show no tears this day. She kneels down and reaches out to put her hands on Nerai's shoulders, "For what you have done now, and ever since we met, you have earned your place among the greatest heroes of your people. What lies ahead for you I cannot say, but if you continue as you have started, my friend, joy beyond wealth will come to this place. Don't forget to call on your friends when you need us. Even without a call, I promise to return as soon as our business is finished and see what you and your people have done."

Nerai smiles, "And you, Saeren. Please dont' be a stranger. And if I may continue to assiste in any way against Dagun, please do not hessitate to talk to me." She coughs again, "I'll still be around. And just make sure you ignore any airships that seem to be on the right route." Nerai grins, and reaches out and gives Saeren a big hug. "Goodbye for now, friend."

Ezra hobbles forward, supporting himself with his own sorcerer's cane, the Lamplighter. He raises it, gesturing with the tip at Nerai's own support. "You'll be off yours ssooner than I, I think," he observes. "If thesse people are wisse, they'll change that sstatue out in the bay in resspect." After a moment, he manages more. "You did well in Ironforge. Rolf will be told. The dwarves will know too. Things will change." He extends a burnt and bandaged hand.

Saeren steps back to make room. She nods at what Ezra says, murmuring her agreement, "We're drawing all our people closer."

Nerai nods at her oldest friend. She smiles, "Sometimes, my friend, the worst things in live serve to bring people closer than the happiest thing can." She smiles, "Still, I will miss you, Ezra. You have taught me so much." And the Goblin pauses. Again, never much with words, "Just so much. Call in if you get time." She thinks, "Change is coming. Much change. I hope to see the world united soon." Again she draws forward for a hug.

Ezra obliges, and rises. For a talkative fellow, he's quiet today. But he tips his hat politely in farewell.

Kaliera waits for Ezra before stepping forwards to address Nerai. "We have not spoken a great deal, but in honor of your acts, and if you wish, I will pray to the Light for your success." She smiles, very slightly. "I am unfamiliar with the beliefs of your people."

Nerai smiles at Kaliera. "Indeed. I am sad we have not gotten to know each other more." She giggles, "I'm fairly certain we believe in money." She smiles, "But I do appreciate the sentiment." She hugs Kaliera.

Kaliera smiles, and hugs, and says, "May the Light guide you and protect you. And your wallet."

Kagarn, too, steps forward. "You are a shaman now, Nerai. You have had a spiritual experience, you have endured it, and you have learned from it. You should be proud - very few shamans have ever had an encounter with so powerful a malevolent being and returned as themselves, especially on their very first vision quest." He bows deeply. "Go now with the blessings of the spirits, and may the eternal sun smile upon you."

Nerai gulps, and nods, "If I never have another spirit quest as intense as that one, it will be too soon." Nerai nods, and hugs the Tauren, "You blessing, as well as everyone elses are so nice. I'm sad I can't continue the quest with you." She pulls back, and leans on her cane.

> (OOC) Saeren has pose.

Saeren looks at Nerai curiously. "Can't continue the quest with us?" She shakes her head and turns to look at Booty Bay, raising a hand and gesturing at the city, "Your heart has touched many others, including us. Being so tightly drawn together, even distance cannot part us. You live in our hearts, and we live in yours. You will be with us every step of the way."

Nerai smiles, "It is nice of you to say. And of course, I will proffer any assistance that I can render to you." She blushes a bit, "However, I fear my time directly assisting is at an end. Though if you ever find a need to have something transported, please don't hesitate to talk to one of my associates." She frowns, "I will miss you all."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Does anyone have anything else to say? Sookie saying goodbye to the little orc? :D"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "not at this time! I'll have something for that later"

> (OOC) Nerai nods, "Okay, I have one sunset pose."

---

Nerai talks to increasingly important Blacksails. Negotiations, talks with various transit cartels and others, she agrees to help the Goblins and other transit runners find some new routes. In exchange, they agree to abide by a code of conduct during their business, one that is still plenty profitable, but appeases Ironforge and others. fears. The other stipulation, is that Nerai stay at Booty Bay as an ambassador, seeing that everyone obeying the rules put forth.

> (OOC) Nerai also, need to idle to eat with fam, I will be back soon.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Kk"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I think I can riff on this for a bit, before we move on to the next thing."

In ordinary times, Baron Revilgaz, the former lord of Booty Bay, would never have put up with the usurpation of an outsider. But all of the people of Booty Bay, goblin and otherwise, have a common bond - they all had been under the domination of an Old God, and they had been led out of bondage by the same person. No goblin Baron worth his salt would be foolish enough to stand in the way of that person, even as a matter of pure self-interest - and Revilgaz seems to hold genuine respect for the diminutive goblin who saved his port-city.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Also she got him back on the profit track."

If there is a fly in the ointment, it's the agreement of the Blackwater Raiders to avoid unprovoked attacks on Alliance and Horde shipping. But as the Baron would be the first to admit, privateering can be just as profitable as piracy - just a little more dangerous. And since when has a goblin shied away from danger if there's a buck to be made? Besides, for the time being, the Raiders will have their hands full acting as the naval defense of Booty Bay. After all, they are still an oceanfront city in a time of war with the seas, and though the naga have been turned back today, they will return - until Dagun is dealt with once and for all.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anyone else want to sum up this part of the arc? Or shall we move on to <reverb>Oafageddon!</reverb>"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "before that! I wanted to have Ezra gate in the Ironforge team for the altar."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "or are we gonna handle the catalyst completion another time?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Let's do that thing, then."

---

With the Altar of Naias secure, Ezra has a new task for Grom'gol's mages - and for Aggro'gosh. Ezra may be one of Azeroth's premier scholars of Titan lore, but the Explorer's Guild of Ironforge has decades of experience on him. Their expertise will be needed to plumb the depths of what was found here.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "much as I hate to admit it!"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "GM is on phone, so I'm runnin temporarily"

> (OOC) Saeren laughs

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Ezra is just a few arrows away from being the foremost expert... :P"

Back on the once-haunted island, the Horde's arcanists open a portal to Ironforge under the watchful eye of Ezra, who guides and directs the ritual. A portal inside the city itself was too much even for the Forsaken wizard to ask when he made earlier contact. Accordingly, a group of alchemists, archaeologists, anthropologists, adventurers, and other professions beginning with 'a' are huddled in winter garb outside the gates of Ironforge. Their pack-rams are loaded down with the necessary equipment to make use of the discovery.

The gate shimmers into existence, and the dwarves step through. One by one they discard their furs as they suddenly begin to sweat, while Aggro'gosh's men watch them steadily for signs of betrayal or ambush. The dwarves are no amateurs, though; the Explorers' League has years of experience setting up camp in the middle of danger, sometimes mid-combat, and they have their tables, beakers, fires and tomes laid out quick as lightning.

The orcs breathe a little easier as a few of their own come through the gate before it closes: Tauren shamans, temporary guests of the dwarves, and members of the Earthen Ring. The long-ago legend called 'the Ordering of Azeroth', a story a typical peasant or peon won't even know of, is being approached by two sides. From archaeology by the dwarves, and from mysticism by the shamans who serve with this world's spirits. Their meeting of the minds happens here, at the Titan's altar.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if you guys have anything to throw in, now's a good time"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I don't have anything. Thank you :)"

> (OOC) Sookie checks Kaliera

> (OOC) Kaliera has nothing

Minutes turn into hours. Hours turn into more hours. Ezra is consulted, to be sure, but the dwarves work most efficiently with their own. During his free times, he attempts to explain the goings-on to the orcs, and to his less-mystically-inclined allies.

> (OOC) Nerai isbacks.

"You ssee," he says, "metaphor and ssymbology are the bassis of magic. It iss an energy, like the russh of a powerful wind or a tidal wave. But it resspondss to ideass and thoughtss and feelingss as well, not jusst physsical effortss. The truthss of water expressed by the altar here are both literal and metaphorical. But that metaphor may have physsical conssequencess, yess. The correct .. er, route I ssuppose.. from the upper to the lower spheress of cossmic existence.. that is the ssecret of thiss alchemical invesstigation."

Kaliera brings food to the various groups: roasted jungle strider; local edible plants and tubers; warm bread. She also brings some notes she made earlier during her discussions with the troll alchemist to the dwarves, so that they can have more information.

> (OOC) TidesGM caught up on this. Looking pretty good, let me know if anything needs a ruling.

"So what we feel counts, Ezra?" asks Saeren.

"That iss the basis of the Ssacred Fire - and the Holy Light," says the wizard. "The ssentinelss call upon their own powerss in a ssimilar fashion, I imagine. What you think, what you disscipline yoursself to believe - those emotionss awaken a great power in your heart. That power sseekss out other power nearby, transsformss it, shapess it. All people have the capacity for ssome magic. Which kind iss right for them iss for them to disscover."

Saeren looks at Ezra thoughtfully, then turns to watch the others working. "A pity there is no music here.. we might dance and add the flowing of joyful motions to this work."

"The dwarvess will not take kindly to ssuch things," counsels Ezra. "At leasst that iss my impression, yes. But that iss their way. We will ssee what comess of their methodss."

Kaliera returns from dropping off food with the teams, and then brings similar food to the group. "I suppose we should eat."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "unless there's anything else, we got one more thing to see, then we'll find out if the dwarves succeed"

> (OOC) Sookie goes for it then :) LET's GET READY TO RUUUUUUUMMMMMBBBBLLLLLEEE

---

Oafageddon!

Booty Bay is back to normal - if the high-speed kinetic hustle of goblin commerce at the cape of a troll-infested jungle can be said to be normal. A huge amount of cargo and property was lost. Some of it was taken under the waves by the naga; more was used up or destroyed in the battles against them. Now the goblins are looking to recoup their losses.

The oldest goblin way to make money is to take it from another goblin. Over time, new inventions like "society" and "law" have developed to keep this process from interfering too much with regular business. Now the cartels profit from each other by betting on hobgoblin fighting competitions. The alchemically-created brutes get to work off some aggression, their owner-managers compete for prize money, and everyone else gambles on the outcome of the matches.

Today, hundreds - maybe thousands - of goblins are gathered in the Gurubashi Arena. Heavily armed guards, hirelings of other races, and rough-looking goblins in battered steam armor patrol the perimeter. The wildlife of Stranglethorn and the savage trolls of the region's tribes are to be kept at bay. Nobody wants the carnage outside to distract from the carnage inside.

Megasonic Pneumatic Zuzu-vellas ring loudly over the stadium. Hobgoblins are brought out in pairs. They face the crowd, then each other, dressed in gaudy costumes, often sporting face masks. Many are armed. Some carry other sorts of dangerous inventions cooked up by their goblin sponsors. Though Oafageddon is meant to be a non-lethal sporting competition, accidents happen. All the judges require is that the competitors respect the agreed-upon maximum rate of accidents per hour; teams exceeding their limit are fined. And there is one ironclad rule: if you enter the ring, you stay until you win, or until you have to be carried out.

Most of the oafs fight with their fists, or with blunt weapons. Many use grappling moves to restrain their enemies. Rocket-powered nets, electrified truncheons, and a very special bludgeoning weapon, this week only - jungle trolls given a powerful paralytic, and used as two-handed clubs - all see use on the battlefield. The thunderous applause from the crowd more than drowns out even the noisiest of these contraptions.

Captain Boltloose has planned out his scam with Kagarn and Sookie. Thus, both are in the stands when Santoaf takes the field. The hulking hobgoblin is facing a two-against-one challenge, per agreement with a rival captain. The Blue Demon of Bilgewater knows his rival slipped something into Santoaf's pre-match drink; he watched the skulking little goblin do it. Boltloose is not only okay with it, he's counting on it.

As Santoaf begins to spin about the arena in dizzy circles, Sookie vaults the edge of the arena and runs toward him. "Na, Santoaf! No fall over!" The crowd explodes in bloodthirsty approval - hobgoblins tower over humans, and those who bet against the Blue Demon are crowing in satisfaction. "The rule, the rule!" they shout. Because there is only one, after all.

"No!" shouts Boltloose in mock horror. His rival, gloating, stands up. "Two against one, Boltloose. That was the deal." Snapping his fingers, the chuckling captain signals for two more of his own hobgoblins to enter the fray. Four against two is still the same odds, after all. And as Santoaf struggles to stand, groaning against the narcotic in his system, Sookie finds herself surrounded by four towering brutes. "Let the betting commence!" shouts the master of ceremonies, and the goblin money machine wheels into furious high gear.

"A girl! A human girl against four hobgoblins! Easy money!" barks one bookie. "Getcher money back from Boltloose!" shouts another. "Getcher batter fried raptor nuggets!" calls the food vendor. And Sookie waits, impatiently, for the signal to attack.

---

The arena is a quiet roar. Money is changing hands. The outrage has calmed itself considerably - the goblins got something else today, which is a spectacle, and many of Boltloose's rivals are experiencing admiration for the captain's cleverness at running a scam like this. As for Sookie, she sits cross-legged atop a pile of unconscious hobgoblins, cheerfully polishing off a basket of batter-fried raptor nuggets.

At the end of Oafageddon, Sookie is sent back to Grom'gol with Kagarn and an armed escort from Bilgewater, following a cleared path through the jungle. She's punching and clawing at the air excitedly, practicing the moves that Santoaf taught her in the time before the match. "Na, goshi, you proud?" she asks.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "six enter, ten leave! Well, two and eight halves, at least."

"You did excellently, Sookie," Kagarn says, trying to look stern but approving... and fails, as his face splits into a broad grin. "I will never forget the look on Captain Grindgear's face when you caught the oaf's fist." He laughs heartily. "Did you enjoy yourself, Sookie?"

"I guess." The girl shrugs. "They not enemy, but they fight. No understand. But..." She scuffs at the dirt of the jungle ground with a foot, dislodging some leaves. "No need understand. Help captain with big hat, he help us earlier. That good enough."

"It's a start," Kagarn says. "You may find it easier to understand if you think of enemy" - he raises one hand to his right - "and friend" - he raises his left hand in the other direction "not as an either-or, but as points along a line." He waves his left hand toward his right, and then back again.

"Hands no go like that, goshi," chides Sookie. "Watch." She mimes a hugging gesture. "That for friend." A different gesture, a wrestling hold against an invisible opponent, follows. "_That_ for enemy."

---

At Grom'gol, the girl learns about what happened with Nerai. And excusing herself, she darts through the air at high speed - six times her best running pace. Booty Bay beckons. She lands, and seeks out the shortest goblin she can find. That'll be Nerai.

Nerai is found in her new home. It's not very homey yet, just a room in the hold of one of the ships more or less permanently moored here at Booty Bay. The gets an announcement, "Hey Nerai, some human girl is looking' for ya. I assume it's you. Says she wants to find the shortest Goblin." But, just as Slipnut can finish, Sookie is behind him. Nerai is seated on a couch in the hold.

"Na, Nerai!" calls the girl. "I win Oafageddon match! They give me shiny metal or something. Heard you stay here though. So.. " She quiets down a bit. "You no hate us?"

Nerai blinks. "No. Nerai. er. I don't hate you. Other things I need to do Sookie. You guys can come visit any time. Just try not to call the Goblins short orcs. I don't think they like it much." Nerai smiles, "Congratulations on winning! Keep the shiny metal. Someone will like it."

"You no need be orc now," Sookie says brightly, all grins again. She scoops Nerai up with her power, pulling her close for a long hug. "You make goblin better thing to be. Thank you. You show me lots great things. So, sorry for call you orc. Be goblin, I learn is very good thing. Okay?"

Nerai nods, "I hope it will be as easy to convince others as it was to convince you." She smiles, "Stay strong, Sookie. And stay yourself." She stands up, and moves to give the human girl a hug. "Only you should change you."

> (OOC) Sookie is good to go. let's see if this catalyst worked out. :)

> (OOC) Nerai nods.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right."

---

Goblin and gnome alchemy, for all their differences, seem to hold to the principle that the most exciting phrase to hear is "Eureka!" Dwarves, known for their rather sober and more methodical approach, believe otherwise. To dwarves, the phrase that heralds new discoveries is not "Eureka!" but "That's funny..."

"That's funny," says Coppertoe. "I'm sure I saw this pattern before." It's been a long night, and like many of the technological bent, Coppertoe is a dwarf who, when faced with a problem, tends to focus on it with peculiar intensity. Right now he's studying the pattern that water droplets make on a stone slab - hardly what one would think of as a key part of the research.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Bear with me, I'm making this up as I go."

It takes him many long minutes before he realizes what he's looking at - and then he's racing back to the portable library near the portal, babbling at the gnome archivist for an herbalism book he'd read many years before. Sure enough, there's the exact same pattern in the leaves of a common mountain plant. "But why... what does _this_ have to do with water on stone..."

A nearby Wildhammer dwarf, deep in discussion with a tauren colleague, happens to overhear this, and replies. "Where the element of water meets the element of earth, there is born the spirit of life." It is a common enough phrase in Wildhammer shamanistic lore, but Coppertoe hears something entirely different...

Hours later, the entire camp is in an uproar. A dozen different and mutually incomprehensible jargons collide around the central laboratory, the handful of polymaths freely translating between them, as a new experimental synthesis is carefully constructed out of the chaos, like a snowflake crystallizing in the winter air.

As noon approaches, frustration is setting in. The last three attempts have resulted in failure - the solution has evaporated off each time leaving the constituent pieces precipitating separately rather than combining. The fourth attempt is now cooling, but the spirit of hopefulness that had started the morning has all but died away. Coppertoe cries out in frustration. "Blast! I was sure I had it!" And he slams his fist into the side of the cauldron - which tips over and splashes to the marble floor below.

"Look out!" cry the nearest onlookers, scattering away from the scalding mixture, which hisses and spreads out in a puddle, with strange-smelling clouds billowing over it. And as the mist clears... a line of vivid blue crystals rests in the crevice between two slabs, the biggest the size of a dwarf's thumb.

The scholars congregate around the crevice wonderingly, as if unsure whether they dare believe the evidence of their own eyes. And it is Coppertoe that carefully fishes out the thumb-sized crystal with a pair of forceps, and carries it to the holding cells, where the Zandalari have been keeping the infected Skullsplitters that still lurk in odd corners.

The crystal... works. It is indeed the Aggramar Catalyst, the first sample of it ever created by the mortals of Azeroth.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "go us :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Now if only we can keep it from exploding!!"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Don't worry, there weren't TOO many gnomes on the project."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anyone having any IC comments?"

> (OOC) Sookie got nothin

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I can't think of anything suitably profound.. n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Maybe Kaliera should sanctify it or something like that? ^^"

> (OOC) Sookie holds up a vial of the stuff. 'This is the key to a new order. This catalyst means freedom!'

Kaliera quietly issues thanks to the Light for their guidance in the matter.

Kagarn, in his turn, offers his gratitude to the elements. The archeologiests give praise to the Titans. The alchemists and arcanists give credit to... well, there is no one thing they all agree on.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Ezra, do you want to sum it up? Or shall I?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "go ahead"

There is no conflict between them, though. Everyone has been working on the project - and has talked with Ezra Pyreborn - long enough to know that there _is_ no one right answer. High Explorer Magellas is the one who sums it up: "What we have discovered here, today, is the _truth_. There are many roads to it, but they all lead to the same place. And from here, the truth shall spread out to every corner of Azeroth." And the Altar erupts with a great, exuberant cheering.

---

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right! Anything else to cover?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Ironforge! Where Luke and Han get medals for kicking everyone's ass."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Actually, heh, I just realized something. Who's flying the Defiant now?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "If nothing else, Nerai can assign someone to do it."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Or pay. Probably pay."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anyway, it's time for the gang to head back to Ironforge for beer and pretzels!"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I vote for Sookie! Just kidding.."

> (OOC) Saeren secretly uses Shade's extra points to buy pilot skills.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Oh, is this when they eagerly give us ridiculously powerful magical items for rewards? :D"

High Explorer Magellas and several of his alchemists, as well as Ezra, Kagarn, Saeren, and Sookie, return to Ironforge with several of the first samples of the Catalyst, with the initial reports on its synthesis, and with a delegation of lamia. They return to great celebration and applause - not only for the vital aid in the war against the naga, but for one of the greatest Titan archaeological finds since Uldaman.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yes, actually."

Since this is Ironforge, a celebration can only mean one thing: Ale, and lots of it! The most breakable and easily stained of the exhibits are carefully put away or covered, and a celebratory feast and drinking party is set up in the Hall of Explorers. Dwarven passers-by are eagerly invited to join in the festivities, leading to a brief confusion of calendar - Brewfest, after all, is not slated for several months yet.

Ezra fully intends to ride the wave of good-will while it's high, and asks for an audience with members of the dwarven Senate. Specifically, those who have in their portfolio dealings with other races and outside territories.

Ezra's pitch is deceptively simple: a treaty stating that "Lordaeron belongs to the people of Lordaeron." Ironforge's Senata was not born yesterday, of course, nor does Ezra make any attempt to deceive anyone as to his intent.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "for once"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "When Ezra is straight forward is when you really need to be on your guard as a politician."

"Ye see, lad," says Senator Stonehelm, "we dwarves mostly keep to ourselves. We have our places, an' if we want more, we negotiate with the others. But most o' Lordaeron... we ne'er made claim to any of that. Or ta put it another way: Lordaeron simple isn't ours ta sign away.

"This treaty of yers, if it were to mean anythin at all," continues Stonehelm, "will have ta be signed by the _human_ kings and queens. An' if ye want them all, the easiest way is ta get the biggest one on your side: Stormwind."

"What I assk is that your policy remain as it iss," answers Ezra. "And further that if a neutral or friendly power sshould be pressent in the region, that you be willing to treat with it peaceably. Thiss... unpleassantness between the Alliance and the Horde need not be perpetual."

"That will take some consideration too," says Redstone. "Though you have gone a long way to make it worth considering. But one thing we _can_ offer - and which we _will_ offer - is to cooperate fully with the Covenant of the Grail, and all its members, be they Alliance or Horde, until the threat of Dagun has been dealt with."

This satisfies Ezra, and with a few closing conversations, his business at the Senate concludes itself.

One other item of business was completed that day: along with the cooperation of Ironforge with the Covenant comes... funding. Ironforge will provide _financial_ resources toward the fight against the naga, and part of that is to provide goods, gear, and supplies to the Covenant's founding members. Not only in gratitude, but in anticipation of further victories. Some battles are best fought with armies... but others are best fought by four or five heroic _individuals_, in just the right place.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "here come the purplez!"

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: Campaign award: $400,000 per PC, to be spent on gear as they see fit

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Now we're talking.. ninja-momma wants a no smell ring among other toys.. n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Ezra - 10

> (OOC) Saeren faints... 400 large o.o

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Nerai - 10 (and thank you for your participation)

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Kaliera - 10

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 10

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 10

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-10-09" stopped by TidesGM at Sun Oct 9 21:19:49 2011 CDT (OOC)