> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-09-25" started by Sookie at Sun Sep 25 18:03:52 2011 CDT (OOC)

The Zandalari trolls have taken Nerai away to speak about Booty Bay. From what the Horde knows, the entire town has fallen under the sway of the chalice of Dagun. An island of naga is one thing; a whole port city will be quite a bigger challenge.

But big challenges come with the territory. Compared to defeating the Burning Legion itself, stopping the imperial ambitions of an entire aquatic civilization, backed by a mad god, should be just practice.

Kaliera has been, in the back of her head, thinking about this as well, and whether there might be a way for a mass release of the catalyst, enough to weaken the grip on the city. After all, if even a tenth of the occupying forces can be freed, that's infiltrators and defectors - or just deserters - in the middle of a battle, and that's less help for those that hold. And if the goblins that have been changed are freed as well...

In wars such as these, mortals might be pawns in the schemes of greater powers, the way that individual naga warriors and witches mean nothing at all to Queen Azshara. Then again, a pawn can be promoted if it advances far enough.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "one more!"

In the midst of her meditations, the priest finds a voice in her mind addressing her - and one other. **Kaliera, and Ezra. Attend, if you have a moment.** Each knows that the other can hear this; and each recognizes it. Ezra from his two visits, and Kaliera from her time at the Seat of the Naaru. It is O'ros, the being of light which dwells in the Exodar.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "go ahead"

Kaliera reaches out, through the link. **I am here.**

Though he says (or thinks) nothing specific, Ezra's presence is felt too. O'ros continues. **I seek you both out as followers of the Holy Light. Ezra will resist that label. But as the Light is poison to his people, like any good alchemist he has transmuted it into something new. You both have cooperated in the salvation of this world; there is a small thing, but an important one, that I now ask you do. Kaliera, what do you know of that magic your people call 'the gift of the Naaru'?**

**It was granted to us to heal others, or ourselves, by using the methods taught to us by the Naaru, that we might bring the Light to others.** She pauses. **I have wondered if there was another purpose to it that I have not yet gained wisdom enough to understand.**

O'ros radiates a feeling of positive approval through the telepathic bond. **It is the most basic gift a people need - the ability to survive. The Draenei are a noble and honorable people, worthy of many gifts, but only able to sustain a few at a time. As a people, it was the most vital one we could bestow. But as your souls grow in capacity, you will discover new uses for it. And new gifts. Such as the one you have sensed in yourself, but not put to its full use just yet.**

Kaliera is slightly embarrassed, as she had not been entirely sure of that talent. **So I must work to bring it to fruition. I had thought as much, but there have been many other things that have taken my attention. I will be sure to set aside time to practice.** There's a sense of embarassment in her 'voice', as if she knew she needed to but let it slide.

**The talent you demonstrate is not simply a supernatural trick. As Ezra surmised when we first spoke, it is a natural aptitude which blossoms into true power when exposed to magical energies, which this world has in abundance.** O'ros continues, now clearly 'speaking' to both parties. **You have enough power for the basics of survival. You have gone beyond that now, and have begun to need allies and friends. Ezra has sufficient ability at mundane communication. Kaliera, one of your gifts is to communicate in a deeper way. The power of a compassionate heart, one able to forgive past atrocities, will help knit this world together. Leave, then, your talismans with the orcs of Grom'gol, the Zandalari, and all others with whom you come into contact. You will need to call upon them all soon.**

Kaliera nods, even though she is technically alone, expecting the sensation will make it through the link. **I shall do as you say. I need to make more; I only have a few left. I shall spend time doing so before we move on.** A pause. **I hope that I will be able to do as you have bid me.**

The mental voice of O'ros, majestic at times and quiet as a whisper at others, is that of a proud father today. **You have already shown much potential. I ask also that you teach those you meet of the Light. Even Ezra, though he thinks he has no use for such a thing. Take his teaching in turn. The Light is not everything you believe it to be, and its power is not mine or any other being's. It is yours. Your power. I offer only wisdom in its uses.** And with that, the voice is gone.

> (OOC) Sookie has more in a bit, but if you have a reaction or opinion of this, pose through it :)

Kaliera opens her eyes, and gets up. She needs to collect the stones to make more talismans, then try to focus more on this talent so that she can understand it better. And then there's food to make, and ideas about the Catalyst. **Had I wished a life that was not busy, I would have become a bag merchant,** she thinks.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "go ahead!"

Ezra makes himself known in time; it seems he had some digesting of O'ros' message to do as well. "Thiss talent the naaru sspoke of," he asks. "What iss it?"

Kaliera takes a moment. "When I was younger, before the fall of Shattrath, I took up carving as a hobby." She reaches into her pouch and pulls out a small round talisman on a cord; nothing too fancy or obviously enchanted. "I found by accident that I can speak through them to others, if I concentrate. I cannot hear back - perhaps I will learn to in time - but I can send messages." She offers Ezra the talisman. "I can demonstrate, if you like."

The wizard gestures. "Pleasse."

> (OOC) Saeren has connected.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "we have no GM today, but I'll have some stuff for Saeren in a few minutes :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "kk"

Kaliera takes a breath. Her lips do not move, but Ezra clearly hears her say in his mind, "This is what O'ros spoke of." As she does this, the glowing sigil that is associated with the Gift shimmers faintly in front of her forehead.

Ezra nods slowly. "Sso then... a way of ssending messagess, not only disscreetly, but at a disstance. Iss there a range limit to it, like Nerai's radioss?"

Kaliera says, "I have not tried it. I do know I was able to send a message from Light's Hope to the nearest of the towers. As I told O'ros, I have perhaps not been as persistant in exploring it as I should have been."

Ezra rubs his bandaged hands together. "Indeed. It sseems useful..." He studies the talisman carefully, glowing eyes running across its surface. "To receive thoughtss.. even to read the heartss of otherss. Ssaeren's arrowss can convert a willing heart, but having a way to guide them to the besst targetss first... now that would be ssomething."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "so to recap, drop talismans off with cities & towns & groups we run into, on the theory that we'll have use for them soon. if you have anything to add, hit it :)"

Kaliera says, "I will need time to work with this. I will try to work it in to our travels, but..." She shrugs. "The Light will provide as needed. I have faith.""

> (OOC) Sookie says, "alright. time for Saeren!"

---

> (OOC) Saeren has Nerai put the talismans in cannon balls.. special delivery n.n

Ezra takes his leave of the priest and is heading for the gate when Sookie approaches him. "Na, na, zombie wizard. Goshi say you know lot of stuff. Know about Hillsbrad area? Bandit say I look like someone name Susannah Perenolde. Know who that is?"

The wizard sits back a moment, staring. "Perenolde, eh? Well... firsst of all, that's not Hillssbrad business, that's Alterac - the mountainss to the north. That iss not a popular name among the Alliance. Nor the Horde, ssince .. well."

The story Ezra tells is a sad one. The king of Alterac led one of seven human nations to fight under the banner of the Alliance of Lordaeron in the Second War. To further his own ambition and to protect his people, he secretly allied with the Horde instead - even sending pirates to assassinate the leader of the Order of the Silver Hand, Uther Lightbringer.

"So... he bad guy," says Sookie quietly, as Ezra finishes speaking.

"Yesss.. and no." Ezra leans back, staring up at the sky. "Would he have been hailed as a hero by hiss people if the Horde had won, and he had taken control of the Alliance? Quite possibly. Was he thinking only of hiss people? Doubtful. He ssaw a chance for glory as well."

"You do stuff like that too," points out Sookie. "You lie to trolls. You let naga escape. Everyone praise you though."

Ezra takes a moment to think that over. "There iss that. Yes, I have been accused of betrayal and deceit in the passt. Ssome of those accusationss were true. How can I stay proud of my actions then?" He smiles through his bandages. "I walk the path I walk for the ssake of life. The presservation and extenssion of it. I live in a way that I hope would make my wife and son proud. I work to make a world of peace for them."

Now it's Sookie's turn to be confused. "But they with Scarlet Crusade. Thought you enemies."

Ezra laughs. "I am Forssaken, girl. Everyone iss my enemy. Everyone mistrusts me. Like the Perenolde family name you bear. But! I will redeem my people through my actionss. One's kin and culture are a very important thing to hold onto. They are a form of power - not magical, mind you, but social power. With thiss power you can lead armies, crussh enemies, build castlesss.. the possibilitiess are endless, yes."

---

> (OOC) Sookie says, "obviously talking to myself can get written any time."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Yay sock puppets!"

It's time to eat, and Nerai still isn't back. Whatever the Zandalari are talking about must be rather involved business. Ezra and the others occupy a table away from the orcs; he has something to say. "My friendss, we musst resscue Booty Bay if we can. The trollss seem to have a plan. Perhapss Nerai will tell uss about it when sshe returnss, yess. Until then... well, let uss enjoy a few hourss' resspite." Leaning back, he studies Saeren for a moment, then speaks again: "When we lasst parted, I ssuggested you take a name beyond Finblighter. The Ssaeren I have sseen iss ssofter, kinder, nothing like the old one. But not weaker either. Tell me then.. who are you now? Do you know yet?"

Kaliera has prepared a reasonably good spread for the group, including some recently made grilled stalker steaks. As she eats, she stares into the depths of a deep violet crystal.

Saeren looks thoughtful, but does not answer at first. "I am not sure yet. I know that I have changed in some ways. I know what I want, but I don't know how that translates into a new name."

Sookie looks over at the elf, and speaks up. "Na, need name? Mine not very good. But I hear I make it powerful. You have my name if you want. We work on fixing it up."

Saeren laughs at the suggestion. "I don't think that's exactly what we have in mind. What I want is to lead the Lamia to a new life. To give them hope beyond the shackles. Freedom isn't enough for me."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "phone brb"

Kaliera says absently, "It is too bad you are not a draenei. You might be able to use Kure'i - Redeemer. A bit of a conceit, perhaps."

"I don't think that I'm actually a redeemer," says Saeren. "I only offer a choice, I do not guide anyone to take it. At least, not usually. My words are weak and clumsy. My feet are more trusty."

> (OOC) Sookie rolls back in!

> (OOC) Saeren yays

Kaliera says, "...and Steptaker sounds a bit awkward."

Sookie starts to rub a few stray tears from her eyes, and plants her hands firmly on the rough table. She rises, and stares at Saeren. "Why you say these things?" she asks. "Hey.. hey. Don't talk so lightly about giving choice. You.. you think that stupid? You think it not mean anything? For people not know they have choice, then... like light after night, or fire in cold cave. You give them thing they not ever have. You think that not matter?"

Saeren smiles at Sookie and shakes her head. "A choice is all anyone can ever ask for, and all too often people pretend they have no choices. I don't think it is a small matter at all." She reaches out to Sookie, seeking to wipe a few of those tears away herself. "But I do not redeem. What you say is the very heart of what I say. Those I would save are given the choice. It is that choice that is redemption. Perhaps it is best to say that I am the one who finds the path, or at least offers it."

"That iss the definition of redemption," points out Ezra, leaning back in his chair. "You met the Dark Lady. She redeemed uss Forssaken - none deny it, not even thosse at her 'trial', those prepared to betray her. The choice itself, the attendant freedom to make it either way? That iss the redemption. The resst is... well, our own naturess at work. A man who wishess freedom will take it if offered. A contented sslave will remain as ssuch."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "He's got one more if you let him"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Go for it :)"

The wizard continues. "Each of uss is the ssame. Ssaeren... I know, or can guess, from what sslaveries you have esscaped. Ssome of your own devising. Kaliera, your peopless' ressemblance to the eredar of the Legion iss no accident. I know that now. Ssookie's ssalvation from weapon of war to merely bad-tempered child iss a miracle in itsself. As for my own change of heart, well..." He tips his chair forward now, leaning over the table, hands folded. "Each of uss knowss what it iss to be controlled, hunted, ensslaved. That iss why thiss is important to uss to a greater or lesser degree. But only you, Saeren, have ssuch a ... perssonal viewpoint on the matter. That iss why it iss vital to me that you ssee the good that you do, and the importance of your work."

"Ezra," begins Saeren gently. "More than friend... Would you have me take the name Redeemer? In my heart, in all honesty, I have learned a great truth through what I do. With every Lamia, with every heart freed, another part of the terrible ice inside grows warm and thaws. I am the Redeemed as much as the Redeemer. I love them all. I took them at first as weregild for what I had lost, but.. that is not my view now. They are my people, and I am their... hm. I wonder how they see me, honestly. I see the good, I know the value. As hard as it has been to accept, I was given the War Wave. It was no small gift."

"Assk them what they ssee," advises Ezra calmly. "But if you wissh to know ssomething of the answer, watch how Sookie sees you and reactss to you. Though she had no sscales, it sseems to me that sshe is no different from any other creature you have assisted, yes."

Saeren looks to Sookie then, "Very well. It is clear that you want to say more. So what do you see when you look at me?"

Sookie hesitates. Instead she leans over, whispering something in Kagarn's ear. "It is alright, child," the tauren chides gently. "I agree." Sookie frowns, bites her lip, and whispers some more. "Nevermind that. I think the goddess would be honored." Sookie nods, straightens herself, and speaks. "Goshi say elves worship Elune. Goddess of night. Huntress. I see that when I look at Saeren. I see and think.. 'Moon-mother'." She sits down again, clearly embarrassed.

Kaliera looks away from the crystal, then, setting it down, and nods to Sookie appreciatively.

Saeren raises her eyebrows, her face taking a thoughtful expression. "Moon-Mother?" she muses. "I wonder what my people would say to such a name."

Ezra shrugs it off. "Have they sseen you with the proper eyes? The elvess of Astranaar have not. The lamia have. Whatever name you take, you will have to fight hard for the night elvess to acknowledge you again. But ssome - Tyrande, who ssaw in you a Ssentinel after all - will ssee the wisdom of whatever choice you make."

"In all honesty, I don't think my own question was even that important," replies Saeren. "I already have the respect of Tyrande, and she's the greatest of the Night Elves. My heart is more tied to the Lamia, whatever might happen. Still, unless I guess wrong, our work among the Night Elves is not finished."

"They remain the ssleeping giant of thiss world," Ezra answers. "We need them. Esspecially if Dagun iss tied to the rootss of Teldrassil, as Remuloss susspected, yes."

"And I wouldn't abandon them, since they are in need. And all seems to be in disorder among them." Saeren looks to Kaliera, "I have a feeling your people may help mine a great deal."

Kaliera says, "My people reside here now. To help is our duty, for the good of Azeroth."

Saeren raises the war wave, which turns into a bow in her hands. "So I am the Moon-Mother now, the bearer of the gift of the Lords of the Water, the Titans, and Elune." She looks to Ezra, "If I am to take such a title, I must learn to speak as truly as I shoot."

"I ssuppose so," agrees the wizard. "But you have been the channel for Elune'ss influence among her losst Highborne worshipperss, an idol among the ssentinels of the night elvess, and the midwife and mother to a new race of beingss. I think you can get away with ssome silence. Actionss speak loudly."

> (OOC) Sookie moves those around to be in good order

"I will have to learn from both of you," says Saeren. "I would like to learn at least enough gentle speech to avoid battles that aren't needed. I want to help the Lamia with a homeland. I do not how difficult it will be in the end, when they are far more numerous than they are now."

"I have ssome ideas," offers Ezra, with that sly way of speech. He has a plan, no doubt of it.

Saeren sits down once more, and Shade promptly settles in, laying his chin in her lap. "A problem for another day, but it sounds like one you have given thought to already. And after we finish in Stranglethorn, where shall we go next?"

Ezra gestures north. "The catalysst iss our mosst important priority. With the dwarvess' help, and with the ssecretss of the altar, we will decipher it. After that.. I sseek out the dragonss. Where you go beyond that iss up to you. But I ssuggesst Redridge, and Loch Modan."

Spreading his hands and folding his fingers in arcane gestures, Ezra conjures the image of a map of the eastern kingdoms. Figuring prominently in the areas he mentioned... are lakes. Inland lakes. "The lamia need homes. On Kalimdor, the ruinss are well ssituated. But here... they will need water. Ssafe from the ssea. There are nearby communities of humans and dwarvess. Close enough to drive acceptance of the lamia - not too close, so as to avoid xenophobia and panic. Enemies enough, I think, for the lamia to prove themselvess to their neighborss. Yes?"

Kaliera says, "I have heard that there are murlocs in those areas; we should make sure they are willing to fight them if there is need."

Ezra nods. "Fight them... or become their new masterss. Or ssimply keep them and the Alliance apart. Whatever can be done."

"In this world, there is never a shortage of that," replies Saeren. "But also, I hope, chances to forge peaceful relations with the Horde. Whatever my origins, I will not forget the wisdom of Thrall or the course of the Dark Lady. Also, this is a long way from others who follow Elune. It is a good opportunity, I think. I must go to these lands and learn more about them."

Sookie stares at the image, slack-jawed. Finally she speaks up. "Na, na, we go to Stormwind, right?" From her tone of voice, it's not clear how she feels about the prospect.

Saeren laughs at Sookie's concern, "Of course. You aren't going to get out of dancing so easily."

The girl fidgets. "Well. I guess it okay. Guess I need learn talk better too. Nobody there probably know Kalimag."

> (OOC) Sookie dun have much else for you guys tonight. will see if Brendan shows up after all

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Heh :)"

"Actually there might be," says Saeren. "There are a lot of masters of the arcane there, after all. I don't suppose they will be the best dancers, though."

"Don't underesstimate uss," warns Ezra.

"I will take up that challenge, Master Ezra," replies Saeren. "If Sookie is going to dance, why not you as well?"

"Ahh, well, I wass married. After Elaine, there'ss no ssense in dancing with anyone elsse." The wizard lets out what he hopes is a nostalgic-sounding sigh.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "And I'm never gonna dance again / Undead feet have got no rhythm / Though it's easy to pretend / I know you're not a fool / Should have known better than to live again / And waste the death that I'd been given / So I'm never gonna dance again / The way I danced with you o/~"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Very nice."

"So why not dance with her again, Ezra?" suggests the Night Elf.

"Ah, my untimely death has put ssome disstance between us," Ezra replies, shrugging. "Furthermore.. ahh, how do I ssay this.. my planss for Lordaeron and the kingdomss to the north would not.. ah, sit well with the living humanss of Sstormwind. Sso I am frankly hoping to avoid a confrontation there until I am ready."

"Ah, very well," says Saeren. "Will Kagarn be coming, anyway? I can't dance with a human.. they barely stand tall enough to reach my shoulders, after all."

Kagarn rumbles uncomfortably, and rubs the tip of one horn with a finger. "Our attempts at dancing fall into two categories, according to the elves I have spoken with. The first is that our gentler dances are far too provincial and 'folksy' for human tastes. The other varieties of dances are too often mistaken for the tauren 'war-stomp' technique in battle."

Kaliera says, "I am... unfamiliar with most dances."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "alright. anything else for now? if not I'll wrap us up, and log something for Brendan if he shows"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I think we're good."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Alright. So we got a bit done, and my suggested outline for where folks go has been posted on google docs, if anyone wants to look :)"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sometime before next session we'll try to handle Booty Bay with Nerai."

> (OOC) Sookie cannot give out XP but thanks for showing up :)

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-09-25" stopped by Sookie at Sun Sep 25 21:08:19 2011 CDT (OOC)