Moonglade is peaceful and serene, but there's a growing agitation to depart from Ezra. He dickers impatiently with a serene night elf named My'lanna for provisions for the airship; he scrawls a hastily-written missive for the tauren, Moren Riverbend, addressed jointly to the Cenarion Circle and the Earthen Ring.

The letter itself is no secret. It exhorts the tauren specifically to begin making alliances with the followers of the shamanic tradition who live in the sea. The extent of Ezra's actual knowledge is reflected by his hastily scrawled "and the makrura" after "the murlocs", but the intent is clear - all who follow the spirits of the ocean must necessarily share something, just as even the tauren and the night elves form the Cenarion Circle out of a joint spiritual connection.

Stonetalon Mountain, he suggests, should be taken and held by the enemies of the naga, for there is most certainly a naga force there - those who came through Talondeep Path came over considerable dry land, and were not unassisted. If the surface dwellers can hold the peak, and move down to defend the coastlines of Desolace, the whole of western Kalimdor can be made secure.

And why the tauren? One might guess it is Ezra's own private politics wishing to show favorable treatment. One might also guess that the night elves are quite busy enough. No matter.

---

Once aboard the _Defiant_, Ezra - looking like a living human being again - eyes Shade, eyes himself, and eyes Saeren in that order. "Now that I'm edible, please have it not eat me," he asks with a wry smile.

"He won't," says Saeren. "Probably." She is still rather surprised by Ezra's new look. "So.. I don't suppose you are going to be able to explain the whole appearance change in words I can understand, are you?"

Nerai busies herself on the _Defiant_. Her little machine under her guide, alternating between supervising the piloting to making minor repairs here and there, can't keep her hands out of the engine.

Ezra thinks a moment, testing at his lips with his tongue unconsciously as he does - an exploration of flesh. "Big juju, much magic," he settles on finally. "The power of the Bronze Dragonflight, used to change the present without altering the past. Lit by the fires which burn in my soul. How's that?"

Saeren stares at Ezra a moment, then looks to Shade, who looks back with the steady confidence and patience of his kind. "Yeah, I don't get that either," decides the Night Elf. "More seriously, though, what does this mean for you? Will your people accept you easily looking like this?"

Ezra roars, and the howling of a cyclone of sand answers him. His body loses its coherence, becoming sand for a few seconds. Then it reforms itself, and he's back - undead flesh, unpleasant smell, glowing eyes. "If you looked like thiss," he replies in his old voice. "What would you wissh to look like?"

The cat and the Night Elf are taken by surprise. Saeren takes a step back, the cat looks ready to leap. When the shape of Ezra returns, the archer relaxes. Shade needs a moment longer to be regain his relaxed pose. "Amazing.. and I do not blame you, my friend. Do you think this is something you can teach all your people?"

Ezra nods slowly. "I musst," he replies with a sigh. "Jusst as our goblin friend dons her steam armor to fight, and disscards it to repair, flessh and undeath are tools of the ssoul, yes. The Forsaken musst be taught to accept both."

Nerai mutters from under the control panel, "We all must wear our own disguses, yes..."

"Whatever path you walk, Ezra, you no longer have to walk it alone," replies Saeren. The night elf watches Nerai bustling about and says, "I hope all this haste is just joy at returning to your calling and not an omen of a sudden descent."

"My wife and child, yes," says the Forsaken wizard. "I musst.. sacrifice much now to get them back, I think. But no matter. We have business in Everlook, yess. Spells and things of ssorcery I will need."

Kagarn nods. "I myself have little business with Everlook. And because there are those in Everlook who have business with _me_, I would just as soon remain on the airship."

Nerai smiles, "I hope to not have business there." SHe dusts her claws off after limbing out from under the controls. She smiles at Kagarn, "As you wish. I hope it's homey enough for you."

"It is a good thing we don't mind the cold," says Saeren quietly.

---

Nerai walks up timidly to Ezra, "So.. Can you maybe... disguise me. As a different Goblin?" She asks, "As you probably remember, there are certain Goblins who ... I would prefer not to recognize. But we need some supplies here."

Ezra nods. "I can easily susstain such magicss, yess. Arrange with me again before you disembark."

The _Defiant_ approaches the airship tower at Everlook. From the bustle that they can see on the platform, the airship's unusual design is exciting a certain amount of comment. Through the spyglass, Nerai can see the semaphore signaler openly gawking at her ship before he's nudged, and begins signaling for the Defiant to dock at Platform Four.

The dockmaster is on hand as the Defiant draws level with the platform. "Nice sky-yacht you got there," he says, whistling. He spends only another few seconds being impressed by the _Defiant_ before returning to the business at hand, goblin-fashion. "Small size airship, five gold a day docking fees. Ya can talk to my fueling guy about phlogiston rates."

Nerai looks over the gentleman. THis seems like such an old dodge that even Nerai has covered it, "How about 3 and then one for your trouble, hmm?" She smiles, and slips the man four coins into his claw, before starting to wander off and find the fueling agent.

Saeren follows Nerai, the great cat shadowing her. He pauses to sniff at the dockmaster appraisingly, bumping noses before continuing on. The night elf looks over her shoulder and calls back, "Grahn! Watch the ship closely now and try not to break anything." She looks to the Dockmaster and says coolly, "Do make sure no curious onlooker gets too close. We try to restrain our guard, but you know how savage that type can be."

Kagarn is only visible lurking from the shadows at the back of the gondola, but he waves his horns menacingly in any case.

As Nerai is in town buying airship parts, she recognizes Nuzak Jointrust, who is apparently on a similar errand. "Oh hey there. New in town?" he asks, showing no sign of recognition.

Nerai nods out the window to where the ship is parked. "Just passing through." She smiles, and indicates the parts she needs, "Just some spares, to keep us goin'"

"So that is yer airship? Cool," says Nuzak, grinning and leaning against the table. "Interested in a little business proposition? We been looking for people to do some shipping work."

Nerai leans back over and smiles, "Well, I've got my cargo already." Nerai gestures to her friends outside, "what have you got... ANd how timely is it?"

"Not from here," says Nuzak. "But if yer headed to Lordaeron, we got some shipments we'd like sent to Grom'gol. We'll pay well for whatever volume you can carry in that thing."

Nerai pauses for a bit, "I think we're heading there eventually.." She hedges, and smiles, "Who would I see there, to see if you've still got volume to move. If we do end up there. The current cargo shifts easily."

"Sounds good. Yer contact would be Biddle," says the Jointrust agent, scrawling his signature on a note and handing it to her. "Ask for him at the Lordaeron airship tower. He'll fill ya in on the details. Be seein' you." And with that, Nuzak departs.

The remaining business in Evelook is conducted, and Nerai prepares the airship for liftoff. She has a brief conversation with Kagarn as preflight is conducted, to ensure noone was snooping around the airship, then takes the helm, and pilots the airship off.. 20 degrees off the direction of Lordaeron befor turning it once we are out of sight of Everlook.

Nerai sets the final course, and finds her crew, "The disguise worked well. I would almost qualify it as too well. I have a contact in Lordaeron, to run some goods to Grom'gol. It would probably be good coin, if we're worried about that. Of course, I'm sure it won't be legal." She says, without a trace of doubt.

"Do you think it would help you set things right so the next time you swing by you wouldn't need to conceal yourself?" asks Saeren. "If it's not legal, there must be some tricks we could manage."

Kagarn rubs his chin. "Personally, I am curious as to what the Jointrust may be up to," he says. "Before I met you, I was sent here to Winterspring for just that purpose. In fact... a contract much like what Nerai has been offered is precisely what I was attempting to investigate."

The Forsaken wizard came back aboard earlier, having completed his own mercantile adventures among the goblins. Now he unwraps what he obtained - a new cane, carved from one of the straight bones of the devilsaur, and now embedded with gems. At one end, secured by leather straps, is a faintly glowing pearl. He twirls it in one hand for a few moments, then stamps the tip down firmly on the deck of the airship. "Very good, yesss," he murmurs.

Nerai nods to Kagarn, "I suppose we'll do that, then. I act like a pretty good Goblin, when I have too." She smiles, but shakes her head at Saeren, "I doubt what I have done could be made up with a simple cargo run." She sighs, at unhappy memories, and possible future events.

Saeren grins at the Forsaken's little demonstration before turning back to Nerai, "I didn't exactly mean to get back in their good graces. I don't usually suggest licking the boots of your enemies. I was thinking you might learn something that could destroy them."

Nerai looks at Saeren blankly. As if the idea hadn't ever occured to her to do things in that way. She opens her mouth, but no sound comes out.

Kagarn sighs. "You have changed much since I first met you, Saeren, but in some ways you have not changed at all." There is a hint of a smile on his face, though.

Saeren shrugs, resting a hand on Shade's back. She can't help but smile a little herself. "I am who I am."

---

Leaving Everlook isn't the end of things - one of Ezra's projects apparently requires a great deal of clay. The sea-soaked soil of Azshara's rocky coastline serves well enough, and he enlists Nerai's aid in using Eecee to load it aboard. Once that's done, the wizard begins a short but subtle process. He crafts the stuff into a form, a humanoid shape, rough and unfinished but good enough. And with the reagents supplied by the shifty goblins of Everlook, he begins the ritual to bring it to a sort of life as a golem.

He promptly dubs the creature Kadmon, and instructs it that its duty is to fight and defend him and his allies, and to provide portage for whatever heavy burdens the party might find itself in need of moving.

With that, the _Defiant_ lifts off again. The shore of Azshara quickly recedes in the distance, and soon the airship is over open water, as Nerai steers into one of the standard transoceanic flight lanes for the long journey to Lordaeron.