The makeshift balloon performs admirably under the circumstances, but before too long it begins to lose altitude - much to the mirth of the air elemental guiding it to the east. "Silly groundlings," it laughs. "This is a delightful thing you've made, but it doesn't _really_ fly, does it? Ah well... it's been fun, but I need to get back home." The balloon rocks, and then rights itself, gliding slowly southward, and down... toward the hot springs below.

"I've got a sinking feeling," deadpans Saeren, looking to Nerai.

Nerai panics as their friend providing them the most prevailing wind possible suddenly gives p, and the balloon is adrift. She scrambles, filling the envelope with hot air as she attempts to target the balloon at the edge of teh pond. The touch down is a little rought than she would like, the accupants jossled a bit, but otherwise delivered without harm.

"Well done," Saeren says.

Un'goro Crater is hot and muggy, with only a slight breeze to lighten the air - part of the reason Nerai had such trouble securing a good landing site. Thick foliage looms to the east, and in all directions. In addition to the humidity, the air is filled with the cries of birds... or at least bird-like creatures.

"Beyond our safe landing, there is other good news. We've landed in Golakka Hot Springs," says Saeren. "The night elves are far to the northeast. We aren't likely to make contact unless we have to travel in that direction." She looks to Kagarn, "Do we?"

"One moment," says the tauren, planting a totem in the ground and tossing a handful of dust into the air. The dust drifts lightly to the south, and a gust of fragrant air buoys it into a glimmering cloud. "We are in luck," says the tauren. "There is a most powerful wellspring of life energy very close by."

"Perhaps in luck." Saeren looks around a moment, "Something probably noticed our descent. We should get moving swiftly. I will cover our backtrail as carefully as I can. We must all keep our eyes open. Un'goro is not merciful."

Saeren's sweeps carry her ahead and behind the group. In the midst of her scouting she pauses to tell the group, "Many of the tracks we are passing are leading in the exact way we head. I have seen nothing else of note yet."

Kagarn remarks, "That is not surprising. A powerful wellspring of life energy will attract living creatures. No doubt we are approaching an oasis with a great bounty of the earth."

"Then we will face dangers. Many of these tracks are herbivores, but some are also carnivores," says Saeren. "Where there is one, there is the other, of course. It is unlikely we can avoid notice indefinitely. I will not make it easy for them." With that, she is away once more.

In less than twenty minutes, Kagarn leads the party to a stand of enormous mangrove trees growing along the edge of a river leading away from the hot springs. Lush berry bushes grow along the river, and a herd of smallish dinosaurs feed from them - though these quickly scatter at the sound of Eecee's engines. And from between the roots of a mangrove, almost like sprouting bushes, is a cluster of greenish crystals, which seem to glow from within.

"This is the place," Kagarn says, striding over to Eecee and gently lifting the remains of Valstann Staghelm from the machine's back. He turns back, to find Ezra investigating the crystals. "Please do not disturb them yet," he says. "I will require their potency for the task at hand."

Ezra shrugs and leaves off. "Jusst checking," he whispers.

"Do what you need to do. I will be out there," says Saeren. "If I find something, I will let you know."

The shaman lays Valstann's body gently against the trunk of the tree, between the crystals, and festoons it with herbs from his herb pouch. "This will take some time," he says, as he plants thick wooden totems on either side of Valstann. "You must take care that I am not disturbed." With that, Kagarn lowers himself into a cross-legged position, and begins a sonorous chanting. Immediately, the green crystals begin to pulse... but there is no other visible effect yet.

Saeren comes back as if on cue. "There are four ravasaurs on the way. We have perhaps five minutes to prepare a warm welcome for them. Or hide. Our choice."

"I could lead them on a merry chase, as well," suggests Saeren. "I've done more foolish things."

Ezra thinks a moment. "How do they hunt?" he asks. "Scent? Sight?"

Ezra explains his thinking. "All of the elementss resspond to the arcane - after all, it iss the power which courses through Azeroth. I have some minor undersstanding of manipulation of air. Enough, for example, to hide our sscents. Can you give them any hint of a trail elssewhere?"

Saeren looks lost in thought a moment, then nods to herself, having made some decision. "I have just the stupid kind of idea that may save us." She looks to Ezra, "Scent mostly, though they have sharp eyes as well. There are fresh tracks leading southeast. I'm sure they'd do better following that than facing us.. I just need help persuading them. I'm thinking I race out a ways, shed a bit of blood, and then lead them to the tracks I've spotted."

Saeren comes first. Ezra blesses her with flight - the power of the gods, perhaps, stolen for mortal use by early arcanists seeking a military advantage. Good enough. Next comes the invocation of air, shrouding Kagarn, Saeren, Nerai and finally Ezra in a shroud of olfactory invisibility.

Saeren lets out a last, deep breath, readying herself for the task at hand. "Stay safe, and be as silent as possible," advises Saeren. With that, she takes to the sky, using the gift of flight to put herself ahead of the Ravasaur path. Once there, a slash of her flesh and hot blood is spilt on the ground. Saeren lets it fall with care but in amounts great enough to keep the interest of her pursuers as she draws them to the fresh tracks of their more normal prey.

As Saeren lays the trail of her blood, a few droplets at a time, she can hear an animal cry behind her, followed by the sound of feet crashing through foliage. The ravasaurs have caught the scent.

Knowing something of the mind of most predators, Saeren knows she must redirect them quickly or they may waste their efforts to find the source of the foreign blood. Tracks may not be enough. She uses her blood trail to guide them to a fresh pile of droppings, the fragrance of them certainly adequate to overwhelm even her blood, and therefore likely enough to interest the ravasaurs in their favored prey. With this managed, Saeren takes to the sky, staunching her wound with care before swooping wide and about so she can observe the hunting beasts below.

From her perch in a nearby tree, Saeren can see the ravasaurs stampeding through the underbrush. And to her gratification, they pause at the mound of dung, utter another series of screeching cries, and pound away, squarely along the tracks of the smaller dinosaurs. It seems that, at least for now, intruders to Un'goro are not on this afternoon's menu.

Satisfied for now, Saeren makes her way back to the others, taking care to scout for further trouble as she goes.

On her way back to the camp, Saeren finds no further fresh tracks, beyond those of the dinosaurs she's already seen. For such a rich oasis of life, it seems that the grove is more than usually quiet today.

An hour passes. As Kagarn's prayer to the spirits continues, the party notices that Valstann's body is now covered in a thin tracery of green vines, which seem to glow with the pulsing light of the green crystals - almost as if they were the veins of the verdant Un'goro jungle itself. The veins don't appear to be growing when looked at directly, but it seems that more of his body is covered moment by moment.

Kagarn's chanting suddenly begins to increase in intensity, and the pulsing of the crystals intensifies, growing faster and faster, like a pounding heartbeat. And now they can actually see the growth of the vines, as they begin to knit the halves of Valstann's body together...

Just then, there is a bone-chilling cry to the south. Saeren, out on patrol, looks in that direction and sees an enormous saurian head swaying through the jungle. A devilsaur... and it's headed straight their way.

Saeren hurries back to the others, "We have a devilsaur coming our way. There's no dissuading this problem. We're going to have to bring it down. It's small for it's kind, but it's definitely not in a diplomatic mood."

Once again Ezra smiles that little smile that he does when arcane magic will solve a problem - or when he thinks it will. He croaks out a few choice phrases, conjuring up the very image of a small pack of wounded ravasaurs. The sound and scent in particular are emphasized; Saeren can see the roughness of the visual illusion, but the smell of blood is quite authentic.

With a few more incantations, he sends the phantasmal creatures running east - after consulting with Saeren for a moment on the proper course that will make them intersect the devilsaur's path.

The results are immediate. The pseudo-ravasaurs crash into the underbrush southward, and veer east, and through the mists of Un'goro they can see the devilsaur changing course to follow them. The pounding footsteps recede into the distance, and they hear the hunting cries of the devilsaur - as well as some very authentic-sounding shrieks of fear from Ezra's ravasaurs.

Saeren watches the diversion with a bemused look on her face. "Huh. Well, nevermind. I'll get back out there. I pray we don't have to send an illusion of a wounded devilsaur off to the southeast. It's getting crowded."

Off to the east, they hear another devilsaur cry. It sounds unhappy - almost as if it was cheated of a meal. And they hear the sound of footfalls approaching again...

Almost on cue, there is a sudden gasp from the tree - but it does not come from Kagarn. Valstann's body is twitching, and the green light from the crystals envelops him.

Kagarn rises. "The spell is successful," he says. "But it will take a few minutes for his spirit to return to his body. It had almost passed on into the natural cycle of rebirth."

Ezra nods approvingly. "You're jusst in time. Angry dinossaur outsside. Have any ssuggestionss?"

There is another angry shriek. "It sounds hungry - and angry," replies Kagarn. He raises a totem of air, and lightning coruscates around it; he grins almost ferally. "Let us turn the hunter into the hunted."

Ezra nods. In his hand, a swirling ball of air begins to coalesce.

Nerai pulls the rifle up to her eye, or, at least, has Eecee do the same, preparing for the attack.

Saeren stands next to Kagarn, and while the others prepare, she already has her mind on putting this devilsaur through her own little version of hell. She has no mercy for beasts of Un'goro. Her first shot rockets towards the towering beast, blasting right into its eye. Saeren is doing nothing to help a creature that already suffers from poor eyesight.

The creature pauses to shriek in pain, one of its short arms pawing at the feathered shaft protruding from its bleeding eye. Nevertheless, the creature pounts forward, its cries rending the air.

Saeren watches the beast draw closer. She knows that the devilsaur is not going to show any quarter, so she will do the same. A second arrow is fired, a second eye struck. The elf says nothing, not wishing to draw the creature to the proper source of its agony if it can be avoided.

Nerai lines the Devilsaur up in the iron sights of her rifle, her aim true as she limes up her shots, plugging both bullets into it's hide.

Whether the second shot pierced its miniscule brain as well as its eye, or whether Nerai's rifle fire punctured its heart would require forensic examination. What is certain is that the devilsaur utters one last ear-splitting screech and falls to the ground with a tremendous crash.

The sound of the blow triggers another gasp from behind the tree - and Valstann's voice rings through the forests of Un'goro: "**FATHER!!!**"

---

Saeren pauses, her hand ready to draw another dart. Watching the creature for a moment, she knows it's done for. "Nice shot!" she calls out loudly. And then the sound of Valstann's voice draws her attention.

Far in the distance, Fandral Staghelm's head suddenly jerks up. "Valstann!" he calls, rising to his feet.

Tyrande Whisperwind rests a hand on his shoulder. "You should rest, my lord," she says soothingly - but the old druid shakes his head. "You don't understand, Tyrande. I heard him. I... I thought I heard his voice, calling me."

The night elves are silent, as Staghelm returns to his brooding. "His spirit is out there, somewhere," he says. "Someday I will find him. I swear again: one day, I will have my son back."