> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-03-26" started by Sookie at Sat Mar 26 22:45:22 2011 CDT (OOC)

Ever since retrieving the corrupted Ashbringer from the revenant of his father, Darion Mograine has been a haunted man. The loremasters of the Argent Dawn have little to suggest with regard to the sword's cursed state, and the small contingent of draenei who now work with the order are warriors rather than sages.

The younger Mograine is prone to headstrong attitudes and rash acts. The Light does not seem to have touched him as it did his father; he prefers action to the thoughtful introspection exhibited by many in the Dawn. If it weren't for his father's moderating influence, he might easily have become a convert to the Scarlet Crusade's zealotry - like his brother.

Nevertheless, no force of arms or battlefield courage seem likely to purify the sword of its taint, nor to release the trapped spirit of Alexandros Mograine which Darion can feel waiting inside the weapon. And so the youth begins to pray and to meditate on the Light. He hopes and waits, feeling bitterly that there will be no answer.

The afternoon sun hangs low in the sky when Darion rouses himself. He startles, noticing someone else near him. A High Inquisitor of the Scarlet Crusade, by the look of him. Recognition comes in a moment. "Fairbanks?"

The man settles in next to where Darion sits, and affirms the question with a nod. Darion feels himself returning to wakefulness. "But you're dead."

"I still am," the man says, smiling, holding up his hands. The skin is pale, but alive. "There is a new teaching circulating among the free-willed undead: the Forsaken. Even after being killed, the Light still touches me. Or rather, I am learning that I must reach out to hold it again, and hold tight. But if I can, well.." He grins, showing healthy teeth and gums. "Miracles are possible."

Darion peers for a few moments. "Then... is it possible to free my father? Is that miracle also permitted?"

Fairbanks' smile fades. "If I knew the secret to that, my young friend, I would gladly share it with you. I believe that all things are possible with the Light. But the path we must take to reach them is sometimes... obscured."

Darion lets out a weary sigh. "The Light never spoke to me as it did my father. To me it always felt.. distant."

The Inquisitor frowns. "The Light touches each of us in our own way," he offers noncomittally.

"Dad said we all have a purpose," Darion continues, looking at his hands. A purple flower, crumpled up by his grip, rests there. How is it that he acquired it, he wonders. "I have no idea what my purpose is. I've bungled everything. I should have listened to Maxwell, when he told me what you said about Renault. The sword tells me I have to find him, but..."

Fairbanks points east. "Renault has fled, Darion. He's gone with what's left of the Scarlet Crusade to Tyr's Hand. Rumor is that they're getting reinforcements from somewhere, that they intend to fortify themselves. I'm not sure that after what's happened that your brother would see you."

"But what if that's what it takes to get dad out?" Darion demands. "I won't give up on him, even if I have to get past the whole Crusade. I'll see to it that his soul is redeemed."

"There is another way." Fairbanks settles back against the sickly grass. "Seek out Tirion Fordring, the exile, where the Thondroril River flows into the Plaguelands."

"For what purpose?" Darion asks, turning his head. The name sounds familiar, and he tries to remember from where.

"The Light was ever with him. The paladins' order thought they could strip him of his power, once. They learned that it is not the Silver Hand which makes a paladin. It is the man himself." Fairbanks claps a friendly hand on Darion's shoulder and rises. "Fare well, young man. Don't give up."

---

As Darion prepares to leave the Argent Dawn's grounds, he is greeted by a contingent of other warriors. Kom the Dissident, the draenei champion, and a few of his blue-skinned demonic-seeming soldiers; men and women of the Argent Dawn; and recent converts of the Scarlet Crusade.

"What is this?" Darion demands. In answer, Kom steps forward, giving his reply in his accented common speech. "Zhis man you zeek, Tirion Fordring. Ve is zpoken to in vizion and know you zeek answerz. We go too, to learn of zhis matter. It iz said he treat with an orc in timez past. We wish to learn about zhis."

Darion breaks into a smile. Somehow everything begins to feel easier. "Alright. Then let's ride."

The ride is long, and arduous. Undead still haunt the Plaguelands, despite the human victories which have been achieved here. The draenei are uncomfortable on horses, and instead have received peculiar riding beasts called _elekk_ from their new homeland. And so it is a motley assortment of beings which present themselves at the door of the ramshackle hut perched precariously near a waterfall.

"Who comes?" demands a gruff voice from behind the door, as the young warrior knocks. "Darion Mograine, and members of the Argent Dawn!" he calls out. "We seek Tirion Fording, champion of the Light and former paladin of the Silver Hand."

The man who opens the door does not seem worthy of such lofty titles. He's ill-kempt and unshaven, dressed in clothes not fit to be called by the name. His hammer is crudely assembled but still powerful-looking. It is only in his eyes and his bearing that the assembled champions can see what this man once was.

It takes some convincing to make the man listen. But when he comes around, listen he does - first to Darion's story about Alexandros, then to the Argent Dawn's men. He learns of the draenei's arrival on Azeroth, and of the fall of Naxxramas, and of the twin menaces of the Scourge and the naga which conspire to overthrow civilization from the land and the sea.

"Your tale is disturbing, to say the least," Fordring finally admits. "If Alexandros' spirit and the sword are linked, as you say.. Well. When I was judged - when I was stripped of my rank and my station - I feared that the Light had abandoned me. But the Light cares little for the judgement of men." He pauses. "The sword. Let me see it."

Darion presents the Ashbringer, and Fordring takes it gingerly. "By the grace of the Light, let me see what others cannot," he murmurs in prayer. And after a few moments, he shudders violently. "The sword is corrupted," he manages after regaining his equilibrium. "And there _is_ a soul trapped within. If it is truly that of Alexandros, I fear there is nothing left of him."

"Meaning?" demands Darion.

"Meaning your father's spirit is forfeit, boy. You've done all you can. Best now to let it go." Fordring turns away, looking at the desolation of the Plaguelands beyond his door.

"Have you truly become so hopeless?" Darion asks finally. "My father believed in you when others cursed your name! Will you turn your back on me now, as you've turned your back on Taelan?"

Fordring turns, incensed. "Snot-nosed whelp! Do not speak to me as if you know the truth! You know nothing!"

"You're right! I know nothing!" shoots back the younger Mograine, angrily. "Taelan never speaks of it. All I've heard are rumors. And now I'll never hear more, now that the Scarlet Crusade is retreating to Tyr's Hand! If you refuse to help, the least you can do is tell me why you were branded a traitor."

---

Warchief Thrall receives Ezra's latest report, peering at the spidery handwriting of the Forsaken arcanist. Finally he looks at his advisors, peering from face to face. "This news of the blood elves is disturbing. Our spy has presented convincing evidence of a solid alliance between Silvermoon and the naga. What we need now is wisdom and strength."

His gaze stops on an older orc, listening intently. "Eitrigg, my old friend. I believe this calls for your presence. Will you go as ambassador to the blood elves? You must be the voice of reason that guides them back from this course. Or you must be the voice of war that drives the Horde to protect itself from the naga and its allies."

Eitrigg rises. Despite his age there is no hesitation; his movements are as fluid and powerful as most of the younger warriors in the room. "I accept your challenge, Warchief."

Thrall smiles, baring his tusks. "Very well! The Forsaken, Ezra Pyreborn, and others will be present to assist you. The Horde must stand firm on the shores and on the beaches of Azeroth. Lok'tar Ogar!"

---

As Tirion Fordring finishes the story of Eitrigg, he pauses, and speaks of something else. "An act of love. I've been considering your story carefully. I believe that only an act of love _greater_ than the act of evil that corrupted the sword will be powerful enough for you to free your father's soul. But be warned: such an act is often the ultimate test of faith."

"An act of love..." Darion muses on this a moment. "Thank you."

"You should join uz." Kom the Dissident now speaks. "Zis Argent Dawn needs men of ze Light. You, zese other men we have met, and zis lad Darion all believe in a force greater than zemselvez. I can feel the power of ze Light in you still."

"I've seen everything that was good in my life wither on the vine," Fordring answers quietly. "And all for what? No. I do not care to be involved."

"Zat is a lie," Kom states firmly. "I feel ze good in you, aching for release again. Ze blood, your blood, calling for righteous battle. If even zis sword can be purified zomehow, if even ze Forsaken can return to life, if ze Scarlet Crusade's men can find their way past zeir hate and fear, zo can you. Know this, human: we draenei were slaughtered by ze orcs on Draenor, when ze demon blood corrupted them. Zeir whole race! Zhey turned from a peaceful, shamanic folk to rampaging berzerkers. And zhey decimated my kind."

"Ze orcs now rediscover zheir heritage. I have zeen zhis orc, Thrall, the Warchief of their Horde. He iz a shaman, as are some of our own people. He hears the call of zhat power which has chosen him. You deny your own call at your own peril."

Tirion Fordring draws back, but Kom continues: "I tell you what you zeek, what you make real. Make a world where you may befriend zhis orc Eitrigg, and drink together, and zpeak of past glories and future battles, and not face censure from ze paladin order you zpeak of. Make a world where zhey see the courage and honor of the heart. Work with uz to make the naaru's vision of an army of the Light: pink human, blue draenei, green orc fighting together."

"Make a world where your son may live in peace with you."

Fordring is quiet for a time. "Good day, gentlemen," he announces. "You have said much. And now I must consider it."

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-03-26" stopped by Sookie at Sun Mar 27 00:23:30 2011 CDT (OOC)