The thirty-foot-tall stone statue is clearly humanoid in form; if scaled to normal humanoid height, it would still have an impressively large build. Indeed, it could almost be seen as a representation of a giant dwarf - or more likely, of a Titan. It regards the adventurers impassively, and radiates no air of menace, or friendliness, or indeed anything else; having spoken its greeting in Titan, it is simply waiting patiently for a response.

Zul'Houngan looks up at the statue. He looks over at his companions, an odd look on his face. "What dem say?"

Ezra's black raven flies forward, alighting on the statue. "Hello," he calls in Draconic.

The statue focuses on Zul'Houngan and is still for a moment, then reaches to a series of glowing gems on its arm. A brief surge of arcane energy indicates that, like the orb above, it has activated something like a _tongues_ spell. It repeats, this time in Zandali, "Greetings, visitors. I trust you have found this facility educational. Do you have any additional questions for me?" As Ezra speaks, it addresses him in Draconic. "You have addressed me in two separate languages. Please indicate the language you would prefer me to use."

"Draconic will suffice," the mage says with a slight chuckle. "Well now... what is _your_ purpose?"

"My purpose is to manage this educational facility in the absence of the Titans," replies the statue. "In this role, my tasks are twofold: to provide further education to visitors about the subjects described by the exhibits here, and to manage the containment vaults in the two wings and behind me."

"And what is in.. the containment facility, yes?" asks Ezra.

"The containment facility is used to retain an unsuccessful life creation experiment by the Titans, a side effect of the creation of earthen. These life forms retain some of the mineral characteristics of their earthen progenitors, but lack intelligence and are undesirably aggressive."

"Oh. Dwarves." Ezra sounds miffed.

The statue seems to pause for a moment. "I am unfamiliar with these 'dwarves' of which you speak." It gestures to a nearby pedestal, and an illusion forms above it, clearly of a trogg. "This is a representation of the life form contained here."

Zul'Houngan scoffs a bit as he hears this spoken. He doesn't say anything, but his stance becomes a bit more defensive, leaning back, and chuckling a bit.

"Facility question. Who or what is responsible for, mm, breaches in containment?" Ezra asks curiously.

"Nominally I am responsible, in the absence of the Titans," the statue responds. "However, it appears that my remote links to the lesser guardian statues are non-functional, and I am unable to ascertain their current status."

"We would like to repair those links. Can you tell us how?" Now the mage has a wild gleam in his glowing eyes, and is rubbing his bandaged hands together.

The statue pauses. "Processing." It returns to its initial position and remains motionless for several seconds.

Before the party can begin to wonder whether the statue will awaken again, it does so. "Confirmed. Spare linkstones are available." A drawer opens in the pedestal beneath the statue, with four small glowing gems. "If you approach a guardian with one of these gems in hand, it will accept the gem and place it in its forehead. This will restore central control." It pauses again. "Can you inform me of the status of the wing vaults and the four guardian statues?"

Ezra glances back at Alea'sha and Zul'Houngan, allowing them time to process his intent. He snatches up the stones at the first opportunity before speaking.

"Two of your statues are guarding rubble," Ezra explains to the statue. He lets out an unpleasant chuckle. "To the west, there's only water. Some of the troggs - your er, flawed creations - have begun to hmm, be adapted to it, yesss."

"I think it is a good idea to fix the containment," agrees Alea'sha. "But I also have a question. Where did the Titans go and why did they leave?"

The guardian responds to Ezra first. "Understood; containment has been breached in the eastern vault. When the guardian links are restored, I will be able to ascertain whether any troggs remain in confinement. Understood; guardian statues are absent in the western vault." Its eyes flash yellow. "Query: this facility is intended to be water-tight. Is water leaking into the facility?"

"It is." Ezra points a withered finger in the right general direction. "As well as from.. one of the five statues, near the orb."

The statue's eyes flash red. "Please confirm: is water emerging from the murloc exhibit on the second level?"

Ezra nods again. "It is."

"This indicates imminent failure of cosmic confinement of indigenous godlike entity. This is a serious problem and requires the immediate attention of the Titans. As this facility is not equipped with the necessary communications devices, please proceed to the nearest major Titan facility to initiate emergency request." This portentous pronouncement is all the more chilling for being delivered in the same calm, measured tones with which it first greeted the party.

This announcement delivered, the eyes turn green, and it addresses Alea'sha. "The Titans left this world Azeroth after completing containment of the hostile godlike entities indigenous to this world. Their present location is not on record in this facility."

"Where is the nearest major Titan facility?" asks Alea'sha.

Ezra and Alea'sha realize that the statue does not possess normal motivations as they understand them; rather, its responses are dictated by sophisticated pre-programmed direction. Alea'sha further realizes that it answered Ezra's question first because the subjects he discussed were deemed higher priority, to the statue's programming, than her lower-priority query about the Titans.

Now it goes on to address her most recent question. "The nearest major Titan facility is roughly eight hundred miles to the east, and roughly one hundred miles south of the Well of Eternity."

"If the nearest is not the most accessible..." Ezra chuckles to himself. "Yesss. Do you know of all such facilities? And can you guide us to a map of them?"

"Processing." The statue indicates the pedestal again, and an image appears above it - but it bears little resemblance to the world as they know it, containing only one very large continent. "This facility is here," it says, a white pinpoint appearing on the map halfway around the western side of the supercontinent. "The facilities known to have Titan communications facilities are here." Four more dots appear - one slighty south of the center of the map, one almost directly south of Bael Modan, one three-quarters of the way to the eastern edge, and one far to the north.

Ezra studies the display with a ferocious intensity, committing as much of it to his mouldering (if still functional) brain as he possibly can.

"Can you tell us also which of these facilities still functions? If they do not, is there any emergency protocol we might use?" Alea'sha cannot imagine the titans, in all their wisdom, could not foresee a day such as this. "Also, those sites are very hard to reach. Can you give us something that will help guide us to them?"

"This facility has lost contact with remote facilities," the statue answers. "No information on their current status is available. Communication with the Titans requires specialized equipment, as their travels take them to very distant worlds, and considerable power is necessary to reach the locations where they might be."

"Let's attend to what we have to do now, yessss.." Ezra wheels and looks straight at Zul'Houngan, then at Alea'sha. "Come, take a gem.." He extends his hands, displaying the link crystals. "We must resstore this place, and quickly."

Alea'sha nods to Ezra. "I just wonder what has been let loose on the world, and why it couldn't be destroyed rather than bound." She won't muddle that through right now, though. "Let's get this place working and maybe it will be able to help us on the next step."

Zul'Houngan walks over to Erza and takes a gem out of his hand. He looks the undead over, and shrugs. "Here, I thought you was gonna keep em." He murmurs to Ezra as he wheels around.

Standing on the moving platform allows the adventurers to return to the second level, and from there they proceed to the eastern wing. This time, as the statues lumber toward the adventurers, they proffer the handful of gems, each one roughly the size of a large egg. When they reach the party, each one takes one of the gems and sockets it in its forehead. This complete, their eyes glow brighter, and they regard the party carefully for a moment before returning to their posts.

Zul'Houngan looks up at the two statues, then peeks through the door (Still standing in the 'main' room) and tries to see what's in there.

This time, the statues offer no resistance to Zul'Houngan or anyone else. Beyond them is a darkened room, roughly eighty feet deep and ten feet high. In the room are rows after rows of objects that resemble caskets more than anything else.

Most of the caskets are broken and empty, but several of them, scattered around the room, appear to be intact. The lids are mostly opaque, but there is a transparent window at one end. In most of these, there can be seen the sleeping visage of a trogg; in others, a fleshless, grinning skull. It's possible that there is more past the far end of the room, but it's hard to be sure, as the roof has caved in and the room is filled with rubble that will take weeks of the dwarves' time to clear.

Zul'Houngan picks up a stone, and mumbles a few words over it, passing his bony hand over it a couple of times. He tosses the rock into the room, and the room light up a bit revealing... Nothing of note more. Zul shrugs, waiting for anything that might be lurking to move or come forth.

Nothing further happens. It appears that any troggs that might have been in here and awake have long since fled; such troggs as remain are either still stably contained in their caskets, or dead in _their_ caskets.

Zul'Houngan steps into the chamber as nothing out of sort happens, and looks at the caskets more closely.

Closer inspection reveals that the caskets have a series of gems in different colors at one end, near the window inside. The caskets that contain live troggs mostly glow greeen, though a few of them are glowing yellow; the ones with trogg skeletons glow red. The broken caskets' gems do not glow at all.

The druid follows warily. A collapsed ceiling hardly shouts of sound architecture. "So they kept them in here. But why bother? If there was no hope for them, why leave them behind to darken some distant day?"

For his part, Ezra is still examining the stone statues which guarded the containment chamber. "I wonder.. can you hear me from here?" he asks of them, apparently speaking to the central statue by proxy. "Do my words reach you?"

There is no response from the statues.

Ezra chuckles to himself. "Just stone... Well, I wonder what they would do if troggs approached.."

Zul'Houngan walks back out of the Casket room, and nods to Ezra. "Think we chould go back and tell dem dwarves?" He asks. He glances up at the statues, just momentarilly.

"Yessss... I suppose they have some right to know, hm?" The mage keeps chuckling. "Very well."

Alea'sha frowns uncertainly, but she has no doubt concerning the dwarves. "We need to go back. They might need our help." She just hopes that few of them were lost in the fighting.

By the time the party arrives at the door again, it is open once more. Various trogg corpses are scattered around the cavern; medics and priests are walking amongst the wounded dwarves. "Well, didya find anythin?" asks Heggin Stonewhisker, who is sitting against the cavern wall beside the door with a bandaged head.

"Oh... nothing much," says Ezra, waving his bandaged hand dismissively. "Only a matter which requires the attention of the Titans."

Heggin sits up sharply. "What? What is it? Owwww..." he says, holding a hand to his head. "Blasted trogg caught me a good crack on the noggin..."

Zul'Houngan looks at the dwarf's head. "Oy. You want some help wit dat?" He asks, pulling out his rattle, and looking at the dwarf for confirmation.

Heggin shakes his head. "If ye want to help with the healin', talk ta the chief medic. There's lots here need it more'n I do." He looks at Ezra. "Now what's this about the Titans?" Even with a bonk on the head, the dwarf shows the stubbornness and single-mindedness typical of his race.

"The Titans.. came to this world," explains Ezra. "The Earthen.. The troggs.. related. Their work. But, they were not the only creatures creating servitor races. The murlocs.. and others. They were created by the five Old Gods. And now, the Old God of the murlocs seems to be getting itself loose, yessss."

Alea'sha looks from Heggin to the others and excuses herself, going to the medic to offer her services. She will watch the others, but for now it seems that the danger is not so immediate.

"Murlocs?" says Heggin, looking skeptical. "Those primitive fishmen that live on the coasts? They're harmless if'n ye don't get up too close. Least they don't come after you like those blasted centaur." He spits on a nearby deformed corpse. "Or these troggs."

Zul'Houngan, for his part, simply steps back and watches. If the dwarves want to be stubborn, that's their business. He does look around the Trogg bodies, however, trying to see if any of them have the gills, etc that the one mutant trogg showed.

"Do not ask what we have learned if you mean to dismiss it," hisses Ezra. "Go find out for yourself, if you must... when your head is working properly."

Meanwhile, Alea'sha's help is more than welcomed by the dwarven chief medic, who leads her amongst the fallen to help administer first aid, healing poultices, and even her druidic magic if she is willing to spare it. And Zul'Houngan's inspection of the foes reveals none of the troggs bearing the aquatic mutations they'd found inside.

Heggin shrugs. "Well, at least it seems ye found _somethin_, if ye got that out of it. Anythin' dangerous in there?"

Zul'Houngan finishes his inspection, and moves to rejoin Ezra.

Ezra's eyes flicker to his troll companion, who is searching the bodies and seemingly coming up empty. "Hmmm.... Perhaps you will reconsider our information on the murlocs when you see what is inside, yess."

Zul'Houngan breaks in here, if Ezra won't. "Ders also dese statues that you gotta look out for. They might not be so friendly." Zul'Houngan nods.

Heggin eyes the Forsaken skeptically for several long seconds. Then he gestures. "Balkris! Take five of yer men an' Chomsky an' go inside. Take the Horde lot with ye, if ye think ye can get this zombie here ta explain what he's goin' on about."

A black-bearded dwarf comes to attention, gathering his soldiers and the gnome tinker and heading for the Titan facility's entrance. "Well? Ye comin?" he asks.

---

The western gallery is still empty when the party arrives, apart from the eternal waterfall. The corpse of the mutated trogg that had died earlier is still on the ground near the edge of the water, as presumably is the one floating beyond the doorway. "Whew!" says Balkris, waving his hand in front of him. "What kinda stink is that? Worse'n a trogg."

Balkris bends down to inspect the scaled, gilled corpse. "Yeah, that's def'nitely diffrent from the ones we saw outside. Any more of 'em, d'you think? Last thing we need is two kindsa troggs comin' at us both ways."

"Murlocs are creatures of the sea, Balkris," says Ezra, harshly. "The troggs and the earthen are of stone.. what power could have caused such a change, hmm?"

"Don't ask me," says Balkris gruffly. "I'm a soldier, not a wizard." He shrugs. "How d'ye know these guys aren't just some different kind of trogg? An' what makes ye think murlocs have anythin' ta do with it?"

Ezra shakes his head. "Not murlocs... their god."

"Oh, ye think ye know what the murlocs worship alluva sudden, eh?" Balkris says. "Look, Mister Dead Guy, I know ye think ye're so smart, but ye can't get from these guys to murlocs just cause they got gills. All kindsa things that live in the water got gills."

"Yes! Yes, exactly." Ezra gestures with his hand, indicating the troggs and then the dwarf. "The Old One is reaching out, taking what it finds, twisting those things to live in the world _it wants to create_..." Finally he shakes his head. "Come. See for yourself."

The statues in the eastern gallery do not impede the expedition's progress to the second floor. Balkris may not be a scholar, but he can draw a few conclusions when he sees the murloc statue and the water overflowing from its pedestal. "Fine. So the murlocs an' them gilled troggs got somethin' ta do with one another. Now what's Old Gods got ta do with it?"

"The Titans made the earthen in their image. The Old God of the murlocs did the same, yesss?" Ezra tries to explain as patiently as he is able, fully aware that he is bluffing on some details to impress upon the dwarf the urgency of the statues' words. "Now, that creature's power is reaching out. It is changing the living things of Azeroth, bending their bodies to its will, yesss. Making them.. more like it."

Balkris eyes the statue skeptically. "I still don't see anythin' there sayin' Old God on it. What the hell's an Old God anyway?"

As the expedition approaches the orb behind the circular wall, it illuminates again and speaks in that archaic tongue of the Titans. Balkris walks up to it. "What the hell's this, then?" The orb flickers and replies in Common, "Welcome, visitor, to the Educational Facility of the Ordering of Azeroth..."

Balkris is slower than the Horde expedition was to recognize the limited nature of the orb's conversation. After a few false starts, though, he is persuaded, in bad grace, to allow Ezra to answer the device's questions and activate the elevator.

Downstairs, the statue reanimates, its eyes glowing yellow, as it addresses Ezra in Draconic. "I detect that two of the guardian statues have been restored. Thank you for your assistance. If you are able to locate the other statues, please perform the reactivation process for them; otherwise, please return the spare linkstones to this facility. Can you report on the status of the containment chambers?" Balkris is totally taken aback. "What's this then?" he says, half in awe of the giant statue and half in aggravation that it's more interested in talking to Ezra in some strange tongue than even noticing him.

"Balkris, speak to it in your native tongue," suggests Ezra, smiling. "Statue, my comrade's speech will be the language of further communication."

As with anyone instructed to "say something", Balkris is momentarily bewildered. "Well, uh... whaddaya want me to say?" The statue meanwhile, unruffled, switches seamlessly to Common. "Acknowledged. Welcome, new visitor to the Educational Facility. Do you have any questions about your visit here?"

Balkris blinks, taking a step back. "M-me? What are ya talking about?" The guardian responds, more slowly, "This facility is intended to educate visitors about the Ordering of Azeroth and to contain the failed experiments of the Titans." The eyes flash yellow briefly, and then go back to green. "Recent information, unfortunately, indicates that the latter purpose of this facility has been partially compromised."

Balkris once again needs some time to adjust to the statue's limited mode of communication, but eventually things are cleared up, and the statue explains some of the information in its database, including a display of the map, which baffles Balkris utterly - though Chomsky pipes up. "Those coastlines on the outer edges look the same as the ones today! Maybe there's something to this map after all!"

At the end of the conversation, Balkris is visibly shaken. "By Muradin's beard... what'll we do? We still can't e'en get verra far inta Uldaman yet... an' this thing ain't much help, either," he says, annoyed - for the statue regretfully informed him that access codes for the major facilities were not available. "Heggin's gotta hear about this..."

Of course, the dwarves haven't entirely forgotten the original purpose of the Bael Modan expedition. They are disappointed to learn that the statue is unable to identify any Titan creation not already in its data banks - which includes only the earthen and the troggs - but are encouraged when it notes that the answers might be found in the major facilities, whose databases are more comprehensive.

For now, Balkris is satisfied - that is to say, completely bewildered, unnerved, and excited all at once by an intact Titan artifact capable of responding to questions. The expedition returns to the entrance, where Balkris gives his report. Heggin decides to set up a temporary encampment right here, and to keep the gate strictly closed, lest the aquatic troggs escape.

The dwarf medic, meanwhile, is shaking hands with Alea'sha, smiling happily. "Thank ye, lass," she says. "There's a couple dwarves wouldna made it through the night if it weren't for yer help. We owe ya one." If Ezra's gruff and oblique manner has put off the dwarves in any way, Alea'sha's assistance in time of need has gone a long way to counter it.

As evening falls, it turns out that the mutant troggs inside have indeed figured out how to operate the opening mechanism, but they are not attacking _en masse_. The handful of dwarves set to watch over the gates dispatch them quickly with no losses and only a few wounds. Heggin is satisfied; he only calls for an increased watch on the doors and advises those not on watch to get some shut-eye. There'll be further expeditions into the facility in the morning, and the egg-heads like Chomsky will get their crack at uncovering the place's secrets.

---

The night does not pass well for Alea'sha. She is lost in concern for her friend, and frowns at the illness that has claimed him. "Something is wrong," she says. "Something is horribly wrong." For now, the best thing she can think to do is to get the animal away from the source of corruption as the druid sees it. She also wants to send word, and send it quickly to other druids. She needs help.

The wolf does not seem to be lost to sickness, but it has become miserable, shivering and feverish. It's body is clammy and damp. The druid knows it is no natural sickness that does this. She also knows she's not powerful enough to best this illness with her own skills.

The wolf, unfortunately, is not alone in his illness. Several of the dwarves seem to have come down with similar ailments; all of them appear to be sweating heavily, and complaining of a roaring in their ears. The stricken ones seem disoriented and confused - and disturbingly, one or two of them, as soon as they awaken, stagger from their bedrolls and head straight for the door, clutching and clawing at it, muttering "I gotta get in, I gotta get in..." They stop this behavior only when they are physically restrained by their fellow dwarves.

The chief medic, while concerned, is not frantic. Fortunately, none of the handful of priests on the expedition were affected, and one or two of them are powerful enough to call upon the Holy Light (as they call it) to cleanse the most delirious dwarves of their illness. However, the Light is only strong enough in them to save the worst cases; the less ill are merely encouraged to drink plenty of fluids (which they do eagerly) and rest.

Finally, she comes up to Alea'sha, setting down a large bowl of water for the wolf, who nearly buries his muzzle in the bowl. "Lass, we're gonna be sendin' word ta Theramore an' ask them ta send some o' their paladins ta help. D'ye think ye can help me again? I know ye can't cure this ague," she says, glancing at the wolf pityingly, "but at least ye can help me make sure they got what they need."

"What they need is _water_," remarks Ezra, overhearing and speaking up. "It is as I prophecied. They are being called to the dark god of the ocean."

The medic nods somberly to Ezra. "Aye, I think ye're right," she says. "I been makin' sure all the sick ones get all the fresh water they want. It seems ta help - makes the roarin' in their ears quieter, they say. An' alla the ones got sick were guardin' the door last night, an' got bit by them water troggs. It's pretty clear where this ill's comin' from."

Zul'Houngan speaks up as Alea is approached, "I can help dem dwarves." He says, and pucks up his sachel of potions and cures. He follows the medic, and helps as he can.

While the rest of the dwarf medics and priests are disconcerted by Zul'Houngan's herbal remedies and troll concoctions, the chief medic overrides their objections - which begin to melt away in any case, as his strange and primitive-seeming remedies prove effective. Though he is not able to cure this disease outright, his efforts allow the rest of the dwarven doctors to conserve their energies.

Later in the day, a trio of humans arrives in the cave, their armor bearing the symbols of Theramore as well as the sigils of the Brotherhood of the Holy Light. Their leader speaks to Heggin. "Lady Proudmoore teleported us over as soon as she heard the news," he says. "She'll be sending more on horseback, but we should be able to help tend to your wounded until they can arrive. We'll need all the Light can offer us, if we're going to hold this door against those mutant troggs."

Ezra makes himself scarce as soon as word of the paladins' arrival is made known. Though he knows he'll be found and questioned, he has no interest in sparking a confrontation of any kind at this moment. Besides, he's much more interested in the problem of the dwarves - for if they turn aggressive in the later stages of the disease, will they turn on their fellows?

Heggin is looking much better - Zul'Houngan and Alea'sha's efforts have allowed the dwarven healers time to tend to his wounds as well. "Teleported? She's takin' this pretty serious, then." The paladin nods. "Indeed. I believe she found the claim of the Old Ones' involvement to be credible. May I speak to the Horde expedition? Lady Proudmoore wants to step up the military presence here, and she wishes to ensure that the Horde will not find this unconscionable."

Alea'sha will make herself available, though she's not entirely sure of the paladins herself. If they can help heal her friend, though, it will remove any doubts for good. She will step forward and say to the paladin, "I was part of the expedition." Though she doesn't claim to be involved in the Horde.

"Jonah Claremont," says the paladin, shaking Alea'sha's hand. "Is the rumor true, then, that the high elves have joined the Horde?" He sighs, and shakes his head. "Bad business, but I suppose I can't blame them." He looks toward Alea'sha's bedroll, where the wolf is lying beside his water bowl. "Your wolf was one of the affected?" he asks.

"He has been affected," says Alea'sha. She does not comment about the Horde, but looks distinctly uncomfortable about the topic. "I'm horribly worried. I don't have the power to heal him, and I'm not sure what will happen if something isn't done. Whatever it is, it has started to affect the dwarves as well." She looks hopeful, and nervous as she asks, "Jonah, can you help them?"

"That's why I'm here," Jonah says. Politics is far from his mind when he has a patient. Kneeling beside the wolf, he reaches out a hand gingerly; when the wolf shows no sign of offering violence, he strokes the animal's brow gently. Then he closes his eyes and begins to whisper a prayer to the Holy Light. Even Alea'sha can feel it as the power of the man's faith washes over the wolf, and the animal's eyes grow clear and bright once more, and its tail wags.

Alea'sha lets out a deep sigh, and as soon as the Paladin is clear of his patient he finds himself rather suddenly hugged by an extremely grateful high elf. "I am in your debt, Jonah of Theramore," she says shakily. The awkward embrace doesn't last long, but probably long enough to make the druid blush at her outburst and turn to check on her friend a bit hastily.

Jonah himself is a little embarrassed, but manages to fend Alea'sha off with some measure of grace. "Just doing my job, ma'am," he says, smiling a little. "I suppose he means a lot to you." The moment passes, and he runs a hand through his hair. "Now, where is the rest of your expedition? My reports told of a shaman and a mage accompanying you. Apparently, the mage was responsible for unraveling much of the mystery of this place."

Ezra decides that now is as good a time as any to reveal himself. He approaches Alea'sha and Jonah, smiling grimly through his bandages. "I am Ezra L. Pyreborn," he says by way of introduction, mouth set in what would be a thin smile if his lips remained intact.

Zul'Houngan bows to Jonah as he is summoned, standing up, he bows, the resumes his usual slouched stance. "I be Zul'Houngan." He says, simply.

Jonah's expression grows decidedly more chilly at the sight of the Forsaken, and he grimaces. Apparently, the reports did not extend to the races of the expedition. Nevertheless, he is gracious, if coldly polite, and offers Ezra a formal bow. "Greetings. You are the mage, then? And you must be the shaman," he goes on, turning to Zul'Houngan, offering him a bow as well. "Theramore thanks all of you for your help in bringing this matter to our attention." He turns to Alea'sha again, clearly finding her the easiest to talk to. "You heard what I said to Stonewhisker, then? Lady Proudmoore wishes to supplement the force here to keep these mutant troggs contained. Will you convey the situation to Thrall for us?"

"I.. I will do that, if it is your wish," replies Alea'sha. She has never really meant to meet Thrall. The thought is clearly not the most appealing one to her. "I will do my best to convey to him that it is not the fault of Theramore that this problem has arisen. It's an ancient prison that was broken before any of us arrived. Unfortunately some of the convicts may be strong enough to threaten the entire world."

Jonah nods, and then turns to Zul'Houngan and Ezra as well. "I need to finish attending to the fallen, but when I am done here, may I ask you three to accompany me as I speak with your head ambassador? I hope that your testimony will carry weight with him."

The three give their assent, and Jonah nods. "I thank you. May the Light be wi... uh, take care," he says, giving Ezra an embarrassed bow, before turning back to the hall to resume caring for the prisoners.

"The Light is with the appropriate people," mutters Ezra, but only to himself.