For now, the naga menace seems to be on the retreat. The draenei and their furbolg allies have pushed back the creatures of the sea on all fronts. But the scouts in the outer ocean, led by the lamia Ssudran, report that the naga are sending wave after wave of reinforcements, limited only by the numbers that can pass through the narrow ocean fissures.

Fortunately, the allies of order are not idle. Menelaous sends a message to the adventurers that he, too, is sending reinforcements. Furbolgs and draenei come in by the land entrance to the cavern, and he will send more as he can spare them.

Withering fire from the draenei archers makes short work of the murloc healer protecting the aquatic forces. Seeing that they are in trouble, the surviving naga fall back in a fighting retreat.

"They are confined here, yess," murmurs Ezra to his companions in a brief moment of peace. "We sshould cut off the reinforcementss. Let uss hurry."

The naga continue their retreat into the mists guarding the final cavern. It is difficult to hear clearly, with the echoes of the cavern system, but the sound of metal scraping on metal can be heard beyond the mists, as well as the familiar thrum of a phlogiston engine.

Nerai digs around in the equipment that she was supplied with, a nice big brick of seaforium, and some detonators. SHe rummages around in the spare parts she keeps in Eecee, and rigs up a timer, the little goblin hard at work in the cockpit, the goggles on, her plyers and screwdriver hacking together somethign that will probably light the pholgiston detonator when the time is up. Or NEAR then anyway.

The allies likewise fall back toward the altar, though as they retreat, the hunters take apart several of the retreating myrmidons. The surviving naga retreat into the central cavern and fade into the mist.

Nerai climbs out of Eecee's cockpit, and starts to secure the charge to the wall, a fair distance up. SHe finds a likely rock ledge, and starts to setup the contraption. A few sparks can be seen just as some splashing water is heard from the other end of the corridor. "Drat, just a second!" She calls out, staring rantically at her companions.

Nerai watches as the timer she put together from the parts in Eecee melts in spectacular fashion, the pholgiston gas explodes, luckily there was only enough to star the charge, maybe singe some eyebrows, and melts through the timer bits. "Frozbot" she exclaims, and crawls back down into Eecee to try and find more parts.

As Nerai attempts to set new charges, the draenei accompanying the northern strike force has a report: naga myrmidons sighted in the northeastern cave, as well as a sizable group of murlocs clustered around its altar.

New information dictates a change in plans: the draenei that had previously assaulted the central tunnel are now ordered to support the furbolg strike force. Meanwhile, Nerai continues to struggle with the intricacies of combat engineering...

...and as Nerai works, the mist erupts with a new wave of naga assailants.

Nerai sees another fuse go up in her face. "What am I doing wrong?" she asks noone in general. SHe lokos back up the tunnel where Ezra is calling. Reluctantly she climbs into the cockpit, and starts to steer Eecee up the tunnel, thinking about how to prevent the fuse from overloading. Plod plod plod goes Eecee up the tunnel, as if pouting along with Nerai.

The naga fade from view behind the corner, but the sound of slithering indicates that they continue their advance.

The slithering in Nerai's tunnel pauses for some reason; and at the same time, the furbolgs guarding the entrance to the northeastern cave report that more naga are appearing at the mouth of the far tunnel.

Nerai finally has it, the fuse is in place, this time the timer is replaces it with a spool of wire hooked up into a button on Eecee's chassis. She looks to Ezra, "Okay, let's go." And begins to plod Eecee back up the tunnel.

The adventurers high-tail it around the corner. Nerai yells "Fire in the hole!" and pushes the plunger on Eecee's console. Nothing happens for a heartbeat - and then a deafening roar erupts from the tunnel behind them, followed by a shower of dust and stone chips. Peeking around the corner is enough to confirm that the tunnel entrance is completely choked with rubble.

More naga reinforcements appear at the northeastern cave, and the existing forces move up, supported by their elemental allies.

Between Menaelous and the adventurers, a plan has been hatched. With the central altar's chamber cut off, there are only three routes out of the naga-controlled regions of the sacred caves - and the combined arms of the draenei, the furbolg and their allies hold two of these. Steadily the draenei marshal their forces into a new formation: a line of battle, with the shaman providing ranged firepower and cover for their steel-sworn brethren.

Those in the southern cave will advance north along the tunnel, while those in the west will play offense or defense - depending on which direction the naga choose to play their final cards.

Reports from the field indicate that some of the naga are forming a battle line, while the rest head toward the southern junction. As yet, the southern forces have not reported contact with the enemy, apart from the elemental scouts.

This does not take long to change; the warriors in the lead of the southern draenei column soon report their first sighting of the myrmidon advance. The naga apparently see them in return, as the sea-creatures halt their advance in the face of superior numbers.

Finally, the draenei move into position and begin the attack. Cover helps protect the naga soldiers, but crystal-infused steel still cuts into their ranks. Some of the murloc shamans at the altar relinquish their hold on the water spirits and rush forward to heal their allies.

Concentrated force of draenei firepower is enough to dispatch a sizable chunk of the naga defensive line before the murlocs can even respond. On orders from their female commanders, the myrmidons hold the line while the females come out from hiding and send their deadly magics amongst the draenei.

Even as the draenei break through the naga lines, fresh reinforcements appear at the underwater entrance. The naga sirens do their best to take advantage of the bunched-up draenei formation, but their efforts are only partially effective.

As the draenei clear the field of the naga myrmidons, a swarm of furbolgs advances around the edge of the battle line and assault the softer targets behind. Some of them fall to an intense magical barrage from the naga sirens, but others are able to take cover behind the natural features of the cave.

Now that much of the naga's armored line is broken, the draenei are able to swarm around them, and skilled archers pick apart the less well-defended shamans and sirens behind. Half of their number are dispatched in seconds.

The undead voice rings through the caverns with authority, heard even over the sound of battle. "You have one chance: throw down your arms now!"

The naga sirens hiss defiantly. "Never! Fight on, for the glory of Dagun!" The murlocs likewise shake their lacquered staves, the charms jingling on the ends. The myrmidons, however, are another story, They look at the sheer size of the draenei force arrayed against them, and the still forms of their allies around them... and as one naga, they throw down their tridents and cast themselves to the ground.

The sirens shriek in outrage at this. "What?! Get up, you maggots! Get up-" cries one, only to be caught through the throat by Saeren's arrow. The rest of the naga fling magic with wild abandon, but they are quickly cut down by the triumphant draenei.

"One chance iss one chance, yess," murmurs Ezra, shaking his sadly. He supports himself on his cane as he hobbles further into the caves.

The final altar is captured, and the blessing of the spirits gained. With that, the defending forces have no trouble moving into the underwater caverns beyond, and Nerai faces the novel challenge of underwater demolition in combat conditions.

"Oxygen." Nerai thinks on this as she looks over the underground tunnel. "We need air for somethign to explode." She checks one of Eecee's tanks, "This should do us..." Nerai beams a smile, as she picks a spare tank out. SHe carefully nestles the tank with the seaforium charge, and beging to monkey around with an underwater detonator, pleased as pudding, and more or less ignoring her surroundings.

The draenei archers find that their bows are less than effective underwater; but switching to crossbows with specially designed bolts serves the purpose well enough in the confined quarters of the tunnels. Saeren has no such option, but can keep up her firepower with the sheer might of her bow-arm. Likewise, Ezra and Kagarn are hampered only by their choice of spells - a limitation under which the enemy sirens also labor.

Given all this, there is little difficulty in keeping the naga at bay until Nerai makes urgent signals to clear the area. The overpressure from the blast would crush eardrums... were it not for the water spirits dampening the blow.

With the field clear of all enemies, save those that may remain in the central cavern, Exarch Menelaous is teleported into the midst of his stalwart warriors. Saluting the adventurers formally, he swims onward with them to accept the naga's final surrender.

---

As the adventurers enter the central cavern, they find that they have been fortunate enough to interrupt the plans of Dagun before they reached fruition - but still too close for comfort. Bas-reliefs depicting various cephalopod monstrosities are already carved into the walls, and timber scaffolds hold the half-constructed shapes of more abstract rune-carved sculptures that are nevertheless unsettling to even the least magically-attuned - and to those in tune with the arcane and spiritual currents of the universe, those abstractions are more disturbing than the Dagun-inspired artworks.

Coiled before the central altar is an enormous, heavily armored male naga, flanked by an ornately tattooed female with a drawn longbow and surrounded by trident-wielding myrmidons and murloc soldiers. Within the perimeter are two other figures - a earring-bedecked goblin in a polished, formidable-looking steam armor, and a bandaged undead whose eyes glint with intelligence.

It is the zombie that is the first to speak, his gleaming eyes fastening onto Ezra's. His rasping voice echoes through the cavern: "So I meet the infamous Ezra Pyreborn. I wondered if you would come. I must go, but first, I have a message for you from Daniel Bates. You who call yourself Ezra Pyreborn: Your wife and child hate you now. If you wish to be reconciled with them, you must join with us. Go to the Sepulcher in Silverpine, and speak the name of Timothy Lammas. You will be recognized." Before anyone can say a word, the Forsaken crushes a carved device in his hand, and is engulfed in a pillar of fire.

The naga warlord glances in the direction of the fiery column as it dissipates into a pile of ashes, and shakes his head. "Even when they work with us, the Forsaken ever seek their own ends." He hefts his massive trident. "I am Warlord Sriss'tiz. You intrude upon the realm of Dagun. Depart, and your day of reckoning will be postponed. Surrender, and you will be accepted into Dagun's embrace. Resist, and you will be sacrificed to the God."

Ezra hobbles forward, an old dead man carefully supporting himself with a stick. His glowing eyes look up at the imposing warlord, and he hacks out a phlegmy chuckle. "Lok'tar ogar," he says, voice a whisper at first. "Victory or death - it is these wordss that bind me to the Horde. For they are the most sacred.. and fundamental truthss to any warrior of the Horde."

Rising, his voice strengthens. His posture straightens. "I give my flesh and blood freely to the Warchief. I am the instrument of my Warchief's desire. I am a weapon of my Warchief's command." A booted foot strikes out, kicking the pile of dust that was once the Forsaken.

"From this moment until the end of days I live and die," the wizard shouts. "FOR THE HORDE! You have fallen. Nazjatar is next!"

Sriss'tiz simply shakes his head and raises his trident defiantly. "FOR DAGUN!" he yells, plunging forward as the naga beside him fires an arrow straight through Ezra's chest. It would be a fatal blow to a mortal, but Ezra simply staggers for a moment and gives her a death's-head grin.

Saeren rolls her eyes at the enemy. She fires three times, her mercy far from unlimited. The first arrow drives through the hand of her adversary, nearly knocking lose her bow. The second and third are final shots, both buried deep in the eyes of the naga. "Blind in life, I make you blind in death," whispers the night elf.

Sriss'tiz charges heedlessly forward, only to have Menelaous interpose himself. The Exarch's crystalline blade grapples with the monstrous trident, then casts it aside. Before Sriss'tiz can bring the ponderous weapon to bear again, the draenei lord buries his sword hilt-deep in his chest. The trident rings like a bell at it crashes to the floor, and Sriss'tiz blinks, then slumps down beside his weapon with a rattling hiss.

The final battle is over quickly. The goblin, Cogscraper, is quickly overwhelmed despite his steam armor, and with their leadership gone, half of the naga surrender on the spot, with the other half falling soon after.

Menelaous shakes his head, kneeling beside Sriss'tiz. "What hold does this Dagun have over his minions, that they would die rather than surrender?" he muses sadly.

"For those with free will, the hold need not be of magical origin," says Saeren. "We can all come to tell stories in our minds that convince us that we cannot live in the face of certain losses. Once, I was not so different from them."