> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-05-17" started by Sookie at Fri May 18 00:03:08 2012 CDT (OOC)

Sookie rounds up the remaining Defias prisoners. Pain and torture worked to instill fear, but she's been around the others long enough to feel uncomfortable with this. Perhaps forcing compliance is the wrong approach. Kaliera's style feels too gentle. In the end, she makes a decision. She'll do it her own way.

"Okay," she announces. "You have a choice. Be bandits, or be something else. If bandit is all you know, I promise to show you something else. But if bandit is all you _want_... to Stormwind with you. Anyone prefer them to me?"

> (OOC) TidesGM has connected.

There's a few mumbles, but nobody steps up to express an interest in going to the Stockade.

Sookie goes on. "You fight badly. I fight all of you and I won. Do you want to be stronger?"

This gets a few heads nodding. The girl smiles. "Then you'll follow me. If you do that, Stormwind won't come for you. And more Defias will join us. How many of you were soldiers?" This doesn't get any responses; cutthroats, thieves, and brigands though they may be, these men never had any professional training, and it showed.

"I know two soldiers. Orcs. You'll learn from them." _This_ gets negative reactions; the hatred between orcs and humans is a visceral thing after three wars and thirty years. "They're stronger than you now. _I'm_ stronger than _them_. They're here 'cause I beat them, just like I beat you. So they can't look down on you. I'll make them teach. And you'll listen."

One of the Defias, a heavyset man with thick bushy black hair and a livid scar across his left cheek, has clearly had enough. Folding his arms, he declares, "Uh uh. I ain't takin orders from no orc, an' that's that." A few of the brighter Defias around him edge away slightly.

"How about a girl?" asks Sookie, putting on the best and most charming smile the Lady was able to instill in her. "Take orders from girls?"

The man is about to reply, but something stops him. He looks to his left and his right, and belatedly realizes that no one's standing with him. "Uh... yeah?" he says, betraying a hint of nervousness. "I guess..."

"Good. I'm ordering orcs to train you. That's their order. Ordering you to learn. That's yours." Sookie is still smiling. "Only excuse not to train is two broken arms. Want to get out of it?"

The direct threat gets through to him in a way that the subtlety did not. He holds up his hands in supplication, shaking his head frantically. "No, ma'am!" Some of the other grumblers are also, suddenly, looking a lot more attentive.

"You will eat. You will have a place to live. If there is trouble, I'll fix it for you." Sookie smiles, looking from face to face. "If you are worried, tell me. If uncertain, tell me. I promise nobody else hears it. No more fear. But do not betray, or there will be no mercy either. No more fear of Stormwind finding you. Okay?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "There will be no further dissent. This is basically a lot like the deal they had with the Defias in the first place, and you've "outbid" them."

This finds general assent from the bandits. No - former bandits. Now, muses Sookie as she studies them, she just has to figure out how to keep her promise.

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-05-17" stopped by Sookie at Fri May 18 00:25:40 2012 CDT (OOC)