It is only mere hours after Nerai returns to the Defiant that a messenger brings a note addressed to her. The note reads: "I must speak with you on a matter that concerns your friends. Come alone, or if you do not, ensure that your friends are not seen." There are directions to a mausoleum in the great Graveyard near Brill. The note is simply signed with an M and a stylized gear.

Nerai looks at Ezra, "My meeting with Masjenal did not go THAT well." She pauses, "Instead, I was probably seen. This is surely an ambush." She seems set that this is what this is, "I can't imagine she would warn say.. me and not you."

"Remember that I told Batess that you were vital?" asks Ezra calmly. "Perhapss he took that to heart.. perhapss not. Or it may be that the ssight of uss will tip off people who should not be informed, hmm... "

"Whatever the case, the question is to go or to stay," says Saeren.

Nerai looks at Ezra, "And seeing me won't be?" She looks, "At least not being seen is an specialization of several of you guys.."

Ezra waves a hand dismissively. "It should be fine. Jusst be careful."

Nerai looks at Ezra, "Are you really suggesting I go by myself?"

Ezra shrugs. "Very well. Ssaeren can make her own arrangements to remain unsseen. I'll do the ssame."

Saeren nods, "Certainly. I would not want to make a risky choice. Of course, we will be expected."

Nerai nods, "I'll leave the directions here, then. I won't see you there...."

Kagarn says, "And someone should remain with the Defiant. May the spirits go with all of you." He smiles, and coughs. "Even if some of you aren't going."

"Shade will stay with you, Kagarn. Do take care of each other," says Saeren.

The mausoleum is apparently empty when Nerai approaches, but as she draws nearer she can make out a cloaked and hooded, dwarf-sized figure lurking by the wall. "Nerai! You made it," says Masjenal. "Did your friends come?" She peers into the night. "I don't see them. That's good."

Nerai smiles at Masjenal. "Someone had to stay with the airship, for sure." She smiles, cheerfully, "SO, what can I help you with?"

"I was kind of hoping Ezra would come," Masjenal says. "Please give him this." She hands Nerai a note. "Something's happening. They saw him meeting with Sylvanas, and now they're saying it's time to move."

Nerai nods, "Thank you Masjenal." She takes the note, and turns to leave. "I'll come back someday to talk about.... Happier things."

"Thank you," Masjenal says. "Be careful. I think they're going to move against the Dark Lady herself. And whatever you do - make sure no one but Ezra and the Dark Lady sees that note. I don't know for sure how many names I missed..."

As Nerai leaves the tomb, though, she is confronted by two Forsaken, armored in darkened leather. "It was a mistake for you to come alone, little goblin," one of them hisses. "Not even your precious steam armor to protect you. Such a shame."

Nerai looks, "Ah... Attacking a poor defnseless Goblin. There's an irony to that, somehow..."

There's no battlecry, just two arrows and two savage hits. Saeren's already reaching for more arrows to put into the traitors.

"Aaai! The elf! Split up!" yells the first Forsaken, as Saeren's attack takes a sizable chunk out of its rotting flesh. The two would-be assassins begin running at full speed in opposite directions.

A once-unassuming pile of dirt detaches itself from the ground of the graveyard and whirls its way after one of the traitors.

And from the mausoleum, a long rifle barrel emerges. There is a deafening **bang**, and the other traitor's torso explodes in a shower of gore. "Guess I picked me a side for sure now," Masjenal's voice echoes from the shadows.

The dust cloud comes to a stop, and shapes itself back into Ezra behind the fallen Forsaken. Confidently he strides past the man, then squats down to have a look at him. "Let uss talk," he wheezes. "Where are they now?"

The Forsaken, holding itself up with one hand, looks down at what's left of its knees, then up at Ezra. His fighting spirit is drained, but his capacity for defiance is not. "Where are who?"

Nerai walks up beside Ezra, and pulls out her pistol. "Look, two of you are still awake. One of you has an opportunity to stay that way." She glares.

The failed assassin turns his pale eyes to Nerai. "This is none of your affair, goblin. You're the one who tried to get yourself involved. This is between us Forsaken." A few dozen yards away, Masjenal is holding her rifle on the other Forsaken, who is now sprawled on the ground and glaring helplessly at her.

Ezra waves a hand at the others, leaning close. "You idiot," he whispers hoarsely. "You unbelievable foolss. The people who ssent you, the only possible people who could care about a goblin being here. _Where are they?_"

"I hardly know the whereabouts of every member of our organization," hisses the other. "Besides... why should I tell you? If Sylvanas survives, she'll kill me in any case."

"You should tell me because I'm going to ssave your life," says Ezra softly. "You should tell me because I am to go to them and overcome Scarlet Monasstery. Do you understand?"

"I _understand_ that you went running back to your precious Dark Lady the moment we tried to bring you in," he responds. "And Scarlet Monastery will fall in any case. We merely offered you the chance to help - and perhaps save your precious wife and child."

Nerai smiles, "I see you have chosen." She wanders over to help Masjenal keep down the other one.

Ezra shakes his head. "I ssee that you don't. Your plan will not succeed in the long run. Mine _will_. Your scheme against the naga will fail. Mine will succeed. It iss already in motion. Sylvanas will live. My family will live. Sso will all of you."

The Forsaken squints at Ezra - but he seems not so stiff-necked as his superiors. "Sylvanas will live, you say. Will you assure me that she will allow the same for me?"

Ezra nods. "When we are all gathered together, then you will ssee and you will know the truth of it," he says with conviction. "But your life depends on this. I am not working for your conspiracy. You are working for me." He pauses. "Now. Where are they?"

The Forsaken licks his lips - one of those little habits that some of the undead retain from their living selves. "When we saw that you would not work with us, our orders were changed. Our conspirators on the outside are moving from the woods near the Scarlet Monastery, and preparing to take over the Undercity instead. Our loyalists within will allow them entry at the crucial moment." He smiles thinly. "We were rather hoping that Sylvanas would use your advice to march on the site Bates showed you, in force - and leave the city undefended."

"If she marched in force she'd be as big a fool as Bates," replies Ezra harshly. "Nerai!" he shouts over his shoulder. "If the other one livess, prep him. Nobody diess today. Do you understand?"

Nerai calls back, "Alright." She starts to do what she can to stablize the Forsaken. After a fashion.

Ezra returns his attention to the fallen traitor. "Now then. We're going to carry you," he explains. "You'll be repaired, but we don't have time for that now. I have to sstop this, and we have no time to waste. We musst defeat the Scarlet Crusade."

"And what will you do?" asks the fallen Forsaken.

Ezra laughs. "Why, we're going to defeat the Crusade with the besst weapon we have. The Scarlet Crusade. Now, come on..."

With the two splitting up, Saeren's haste leads to a fumble with her first draw. A breath later and she's reloaded. Her target has more distance now, but the goal remains to not destroy him. With no time to aim, she fires true, and two arrows shatter the knees of the fleeing forsaken. The elf waits only a moment to see him tumble to the earth before vanishing into the shadows once more.

Though Masjenal's second note to Nerai indicates much of the Apothecary membership in the conspiracy, it is the double agent Saeren brought down that holds knowledge of the Deathguard wing. The highest-ranked member he knows of is Durthis Boneshod, a Deathguard commander, who is not difficult to find in the War Quarter of the Undercity.

Ezra strides in without preamble, without explanation. "Call it off," he announces calmly.

"What, the combat drill?" Durthis asks, gesturing to the Deathguards sparring in the ring below. "Why should I do that?" Leaning closer he hisses, "Damn you! Not in front of everyone!"

Ezra answers aloud. "A man's been injured. He needs to speak to you." And with a smile, he too leans close. "We're going to get what we all want. What we all _really_ want. Now I musst speak to you. Right now."

Durthis straightens. "Bring him to the necrobay," he says.

The necrobay bears an odd resemblance to a hospital, and for Forsaken it fills the same purpose. "Leave us," says Durthis to the sole Forsaken on duty, who scurries out. "Now what is this all about, Ezra Pyreborn?" His hand is still near to his sword.

"Get them all together. Everyone in on thiss plot," says Ezra quietly. "Don't ask me what I want to say, don't bother asking why, none of that." He waves a bandaged hand. "I have been sspeaking individually to enough of you and I wissh to waste no more time. Put plainly, I can defeat the Sscarlet Monasstery for you. I can drive the Crusade out of Tirisfal Glades." He pauses for effect. "And if you do it my way, Varimathrass will not ssit on the throne."

The commander catches his breath... and then relaxes. "You know what... we'll do it your way. I never trusted that scaly bastard anyway, and I seriously doubt Daniel ever really had a plan to contain him."

Ezra nods slowly. "No more betrayalss, yess. No more... armed and threatening Forssaken. Let uss ssimply accomplish our goals. I will expect you very shortly."

"We're waiting on Varimathras' signal, if you must know," replies Durthis. "He was planning to come here and personally lead the assault. So if we want to do it your way..." The commander grins, showing a perfect set of teeth, albeit with the gums rotted away. "Then there will need to be one last betrayal."

"Well then I had better bring the woman who has kept him in check before," muses Ezra. "Ssince I want her to meet with uss as well."

---

The War Quarter is soon becoming the ground zero for the final gathering of the conspiracy. Durthis' would-be rebellious Deathguards assemble in the training ring, and several of the Apothecary conspirators lurk in the wings, or sit in the audience. There is a mumbling, but it is muted by the hush of tense anticipation. Very soon, they are thinking, Varimathras will come to lead them in a rebellion.

Off in one corner, two heavily cloaked and hooded figures also wait. Saeren and her special guest have been asked by Ezra to appear, as incognito as possible, but at immediate readiness to appear.

Nerai is standing close by her new found tinker friend, sporting her own rifle this time.

Rather than Varimathras, however, the audience finds themselves looking at a hunched-over wizard in a black longcoat and hat, thickly wrapped in clean white bandages. His clothes have been cleaned of their long travel-stains, and his hands firmly grip an ornate cane that he uses to support himself. Behind him is the Dark Lady, the Banshee Queen herself, Sylvanas Windrunner. Manacles can clearly be seen fettering her wrists and ankles.

The entire arena falls silent... and then erupts in a louder babble of voices. One voice briefly rings out over the arena - "Down with the D-" before being cut off by a neighboring Deathguard. All eyes are on the apparent captive and the black-coated wizard who stands before her.

Ezra takes the dais with his prisoner in tow. "Fellow Forsaken!" he calls out. His voice is queer, peculiar, different from what some of those here remember. Only Sylvanas and his traveling companions have heard it before, and they know its significance.

"Today, I call on all of you to support me in overcoming the Scarlet Crusade." Ezra looks about him. "If Daniel Bates is here, let him stand forth with me."

There is silence in the crowd. Finally, one Apothecary steps forth and calls out. "If you are Ezra Pyreborn, then Daniel Bates is waiting to meet you south of the Monastery. He said that he wished to deal with you personally."

"Then we will meet in due time," replies Ezra. He now gestures beside him to the Dark Lady. "All of you know what the Lady has done for us. All of you acknowledge our debt. Before I speak, I want to know. Is there any of you today who deny that much?"

There is a faint sussuration amongst the audience. In the end, though, no further voice is raised.

"She has heard my plan for the conquest of the Crusade. She approves of it and believes that we may succeed," Ezra says. "Is this so, my Lady?"

The Dark Lady shows no sign of emotion, but simply nods in agreement.

"Then I believe you no longer need those," murmurs the wizard, gesturing at the manacles.

Now Sylvanas grins. The unlocked manacles fall from her wrists, and she unlimbers her bow from behind her back. She does not draw an arrow. As the assembled conspirators surely know, she does not need to until she chooses to fire. As one, the audience leans back in consternation, and the mumbling is even louder. Still, no one takes to their heels, nor offers a sign of violence.

"Now then. Given the choice, if Scarlet Monastery falls and the Crusade is destroyed, who would you prefer on the throne?" asks Ezra slyly. "The Dark Lady? Or Varimathras. There is no third option."

There is no response at first - just the silence of minds racing. Then, Masjenal calls out: "Sylvanas!" This seems to turn the tide of the crowd, and soon the entire hall is chanting Sylvanas' name. The Banshee Queen nods in acknowledgment, and lowers her bow slightly.

"Very well." Ezra rubs his bandaged hands together. "I have one final thing to add before we discuss the plan to overcome the Crusade."

He slowly begins to unwrap the bandages from his hands and face as he continues speaking. "Some of you seem to have known this fellow Timothy Lammas, and assumed that his loyalty was with you. You reckoned well on Timothy Lammas." Pale flesh, but living flesh, reveals itself slowly. And the wizard reaches up to tear the bandages from his face, revealing eyes, lips, a nose. Skin. Piercing eyes that study the assembly. "You failed to reckon on _Ezra Pyreborn_. Who the hell do you think I am?"

The entire assembly falls deathly silent. You could hear a pin drop. Every Forsaken in the hall has cultivated a hatred of the living - but for most of them, it was out of hostility to a condition which they would never see again. The silence is broken by Masjenal again, who nearly drops her rifle in excitement as she rushes out to the balcony at the far end of the arena. "By the Shadow!" she cries out in her dwarvish brogue. "How - how c'n this be?!"

"I am alive and _I am Forsaken!_" shouts Ezra, grinning - grinning, with lips, at the whole assembly. His face is alive with a delirious pleasure, and his eyes are alight with a fire. "I can teach you. All of you! We will be all that we were and _all that we are now_. We will be greater than the living, greater than the dead. We will have our place!"

The silence stretches out for three seconds. Four. Five. And then an anonymous voice in the crowd calls out, "Ezra!" And soon it is joined by another. "Ezra!" Soon the entire hall, which had called out their queen's name is now calling out a new chant: "Ezra! Ezra! Ezra! Ezra!"

Sylvanas looks out over the cheering crowd leans forward slightly and whispers, in a wry tone of voice, "I hope _you_ aren't going to try for the throne, Ezra Pyreborn."

In answer to this, Ezra subtly beckons to Saeren and Asprah, then makes a deep and elaborate bow in Sylvanas' direction. "My brethren, I present to you our queen. I ask that she now tell us her wishes with regard to the Scarlet Crusade, and to our future."

Saeren moves forward first, ever protective of the Lamia. She trusts Ezra and even Sylvanus, but all the other forsaken in this room are potential threats to be annihilated at the first hint of danger.

Sylvanas steps forward to the balcony. "My people!" she calls. "We are all Forsaken here!" There is a cheering, which she silences with a gesture. "Everything you have done is for the service of the Forsaken. It is the Forsaken way to make alliances of convenience when it is to our advantage. And you have done so, by procuring a plague which can be used even against the Scarlet Crusade. For that, I thank you!"

There is more cheering, which Sylvanas quiets again. "Now, some amongst you will wonder about how we shall proceed. We shall infect the Monastery, as you had originally planned - but Ezra advises that we should allow the rest of the Crusade in Tirisfal to learn that this has occurred." There is a brief puzzled silence, which Sylvanas fills. "If you merely infect the Monastery, you remove _half_ the threat. If you allow the others to discover this, you remove the whole threat - because then they will take up arms against their infected brethren! Our weapon against the Crusade will not be the naga! Our weapon against the Crusade will be the Crusade itself!" This time the cheer is deafening.

This time, Sylvanas allows the cheering to die down of its own accord before she continues. "That leaves two loose ends. First: what of the naga you had allied with? That is simplicity itself." She beckons to Saeren and Asprah, and gestures to Saeren to remove her hood. "I introduce to you Saeren of the night elves. She does not come to offer alliance to us - but she does tell me that her people are already mobilizing for war against the naga. The orcs are already doing so as well - and the night elves and orcs _are_ working together against them, largely thanks to the actions of Saeren herself."

Saeren removes her hood, bowing her head to the Dark Lady. She says nothing yet. The words of Sylvanus surprise her, but she hides it well, focusing her attention on those below, meeting every distrusting glance with her own rather unsettling glare.

Saeren stands for a time in this silence, then speaks. "My family was murdered by the work of the Naga, and in the name of hate I have spilled a river of their blood." A snarl forms on her face as she stands near the Dark Lady, and she goes on, "No friends were mine, save those who killed the naga or who might kill them. But for all that blood, the fire in me never went out. I burned awake and asleep, until I met those who had a higher purpose. Until I met Ezra and his companions." She looks to Sylvanus, "It is your people who taught me of redemption. From you I found a way to regain my own will once more. My family is lost forever, but I have found in my enemies a way to live again."

Despite the distrust for the living, the audience is willing to cheer this speech, if only because Sylvanas allowed the night elf to share a stage with her. The Banshee Queen gestures for silence again. "Saeren's story leads us to one more matter. We use the Crusade against itself by means of the naga's Chalices - but those Chalices, suitably modified, can likewise be used against the naga themselves. Behold!"

Sylvanas gestures again, and Asprah removes her hood and slithers forward, so that her tail is clearly visible to the audience. "This is Asprah. She was once of the naga - a species cursed by the same dark god whose power animates the Chalices. But that power can be turned against itself, as you see! As Ezra showed you that the Forsaken can regain some measure of vitality, so Asprah shows you that the naga can be freed from the power of Dagun!" She pauses. "The problem of the naga is not ours alone. It is the problem of everyone on Azeroth - living or dead. And even if they do not fight alongside us, they will not _fight_ us, so long as we carry our own weight against the naga!" There is another cheer.

Sylvanas gestures for silence one more time. "But I spoke of two loose ends - the naga is but one. The other... will be arriving in this very hall, shortly. How shall we deal with him?"

This time there is no hesitation. As one voice, the Forsaken yell, "Death!"

Sylvanas grins wickedly at her people. "Then let's make the stage ready for him." She moves silently off the balcony and into the halls behind, gesturing for the other three to follow.

---

Twenty minutes later, there is a puff of brimstone, and the dreadlord himself, Varimathras, materializes atop the balcony. "Welcome, my friends and allies! Now the time has come! Together we will bring down the Dark Lady, who has delayed so long in-"

"You're the one who's late to the party," calls Sylvanas' voice behind him. She steps forward from behind a curtain, along with two sturdy deathguards and her other most trusted allies.

Saeren steps forward with the Dark Lady, ready to do her part. She is curious what it is like, killing such an enemy.

Varimathras turns around, his expression carefully blank. "Well, if it isn't Sylvanas herself," he says. His complete lack of emotion is itself a dead giveaway - he's far too surprised to have thought about what emotion would serve him best at this point. "And who's this with you?"

"Allies far more trustworthy than _you_ would ever be," Sylvanas replies sweetly. "You were useful to me for a time, Varimathras. But your usefulness has come to an end." In an eyeblink, with speed that even Saeren would find hard to replicate, she has an arrow drawn, nocked, and aimed squarely at Varimathras' head.

Ezra tips his hat politely.

Nerai is still nearby Masjenal, her rifle out,a nd pointed, as ineffectual as that will end up being, if it comes down to that.

Varimathras stares, just for a moment, at Ezra, still carefully blank of expression - but once again, the fact that Ezra was worthy of his attention is enough. Then he turns to Sylvanas. "Very well then. If you would make an enemy of me, then so be it. But beware - this isn't over!" This last sentence is roared with all the volume a dreadlord can muster.

"It is for now," hisses Sylvanas. Then, simultaneously, she and Saeren release their arrows. Varimathras howls in pain and rage at the arrows protruding from his eye sockets, stumbles backward over the balcony - and into the waiting swords of the deathguards below. With his great strength, he throws a few of the Forsaken into the stands, but he is hopelessly outnumbered and out-armed, and it is not long before the floor of the dueling arena is strewn with his remains.

Sylvanas steps out into the balcony again and holds up her bow. "So fall all the enemies of the Forsaken!" And this time, the cheering seems to shake the entire Undercity.