> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-22" started by TidesGM at Sun May 22 17:46:54 2011 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "let's get THAT sorted out first"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Is last log posted on site?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "it's all up to date yes"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Excellent! Thank you ^^"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. I'm a bit behind on prep, so let me get things started, then give you guys the mic for a bit."

Judging from the Map Room, Uldaman was once a sprawling Titan installation - almost a city in its own way. Perhaps it was once a base of operations in the War of Ordering, or perhaps merely a laboratory for the Titans to create the various races that would serve as Azeroth's guardians when the Titans departed.

Such things are for the more bookish scholars of the Explorer's League to ponder. For the time being, the adventurers, with Brann, Chomsky, and the other archaeologists in tow, have a different job: surviving the hazards that populate Uldaman now, and making the secrets of the Titan relics available for the scholars to follow.

Some of those hazards are simply the troggs that they have faced before. But as they make their way into the more intact antechambers, they encounter something new. Stony humanoids that look much more like dwarves, and which show considerably more intelligence than the troggs they had faced before. "Earthen!" breathes Brann in fascination. "They must be. The legends..."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "How do you wish to handle this? Do something yourself, or let Brann take the lead? He seems bossy enough that he probably will take the lead unless you beat him to it. :)"

> (OOC) Nerai is actually going to family idle for a bit here...

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Hmm... posing :)"

> (OOC) Sookie will blow up the ancient important dingus unless restrained, so hangs back

Saeren asks Brann, "So.. must we destroy these Earthen like we have everything else that's stood in our way so far?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I figure get right to the heart of the matter."

Brann rubs his beard. "I... hope not," he says. "It's bad enough that we're at war with the Dark Irons. It'd be madness to make enemies of yet more of our kin... even if they only lurk deep beneath the earth like this. Cover me, lass. Chomsky, yer with me."

As Brann emerges into the corridor, his hands raised in the air, the nearest earthen spring to attention. They shout in a strange tongue, and two of them raise crossbows and begin firing. Brann startles, then dives back for cover, dragging Chomsky with him. The earthen do not give pursuit, but take up their own defensive positions behind the rubble.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "More, unless someone reacts to this."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "fast pose :P"

"Well... that worked," says Saeren. "Glad you didn't get any holes in you in the attempt. So... now what?"

Chomsky's device clatters and chatters. "Huh," says the gnome. "It's... well, the Translationizer thinks it's some kind of Titan dialect. Their shout translates to something like "More of the looters/despoilers. Get them."" Brann grunts. "Lovely. Our delightful Dark Iron brethren makin' our reputation for us, I'd guess."

"You want me to go out? I don't look like any of them." Saeren frowns thoughtfully, "I don't suppose you know enough Titan to get us past this, do you?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "They would recognize me, right? From the picture?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Please do. I'll swap it in before Kagarn's remark."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Hang onto that thought, Saeren."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Going to share it IC quickly, too, if that's ok :)"

"The picture. Would they recognize us from the picture?" asks Saeren. "Surely they've seen it."

Kagarn hmms. "If they're speaking something akin to Titan... perhaps this is the time." He reaches into his pack and hands Chomsky a sheaf of notes. "You mentioned Ezra before, in the context of Titan lore. This correspondence may prove useful in educating your device."

Chomsky's eyes go wide at the offering. "It'll take me a while to program this in, but..." He points the Translationizer's lenses at some of the notes, and nods. "Okay... Saeren, was it? When you go out there, say this..." He peers at the notes, and then utters a brief phrase. "It should mean something like 'we come in peace.'"

Nerai mutters in here, "We can only hope."

Saeren sets her weapons aside and recites the phrase, ensuring she has it right. "Wish me luck," she adds. One last breath and she steps out from the group, hands raised in what she hopes is a token of peace. She calls out the phrase and waits to see if she'll be needing still more attention from the medics.

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 5 (1 2 2) vs. 15, succeeding by 10

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Roll to dodge, once."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "(I don't think combat attacks are rolled as quick contests, so don't fret too much about his MoS.)"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 3 (1 1 1) vs. 9, succeeding by 6

> (OOC) Saeren says, "WOAH n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Epic Dodge! :D"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Go ahead and pose some spectacular neo type stuff. n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "After that, things will go a little less combat'y."

The dart whistles through the air, aimed well and true. Saeren's feet slide wide, and the elf catches her weight with one hand, gliding gracefully under the attack, so that the arrow rockets harmlessly through tresses of her fine hair. Her eyes are locked on her attacker, and she calls out, Look at me! You know who I am!"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Basically did the ol' splits dodge."

One of the earthen - a sergeant or equivalent, by his bearing - impatiently brushes aside the crossbow of his trigger-happy subordinate. He barks some more orders to his companions, and they emerge from cover, all pointing their crossbows at Saeren cautiously but not firing. The sergeant himself calls out to Saeren; a few seconds later, Chomsky supplies the translation: "Who are you, and what do you want?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "With Ezra's notes and Chomsky's device, your comprehension of their language is effectively Broken. Keep your ideas simple."

"We want to learn," replies Saeren. "We need help. We fight Dagun." Her language, she imagines, is awful, but hopefully it is enough. "I am Saeren. This is Nerai, Sookie, Kagarn, Brann, and Chomsky. We will not steal."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Me Ogg, we no steal. Help!"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "lol"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I think I addressed their major complaints. n.n"

Chomsky mumbles, "Slower!", but calls out the Titan translation as best he can. There appears to be some muttering amongst the earthen, and then the sergeant calls out slowly in his tongue, with Chomsky supplying the translation. "<If you are not here to steal, go away. We have nothing to give you.>"

"You have something that can help save my people," says Saeren. "There is something here that can help us break Dagun's curse." She hopes that Chomsky can get that close.

"<What are you talking about?>" says the earthen, looking more puzzled than angry now. Chomsky gives the translation, then pulls out a rubbing of the mural from the Chamber of Khaz'mul. "Show them this," he says.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "More, unless you want to pose the specific negotiations."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Go ahead ^^"

As Saeren holds out the sheet of parchment, the earthen instructs her in simple terms to step forward and lay out the rubbing on the ground between them. Once she has stepped back again, he inspects the sheet, and then his eyes open in recognition. "<The Seat of Khaz'goroth,>" he says. "<We have not been able to enter that place. Its guardian will not let us pass.>"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "see? told you I'd blow up the important dingus :/"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Is it that guardian, or a bigger one later?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "He's referring to what we OOCly know as Archaedas."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Is that the one that lies ahead?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yes."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Got ya."

"We intend on giving it no choice, unless you have a better way," replies Saeren.

The sergeant peers at Saeren searchingly, occasionally glancing at the illustration in the mural depicting the titan's meeting in the distant past. Finally he says, "<We will decide what you can take from the chamber.>" His expression requires no translation: this is not a request, but a statement of how things will be.

"I think you can be trusted to judge wisely. We will explain as best we can," says Saeren. "Why is it you cannot get past the guardian?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "They forogot the secret passphrase. "

> (OOC) Nerai says, "There's a passphrase, right?"

"<It demands that we speak the words of recognition,>" replies the earthen. "<None among us know those words. Do you?>"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "In other words, yes."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Someone said that last time. :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Yes, but the point is.. why doesn't he know :P"

"We do not," replies Saeren. "I had just thought that you would know, if any possibly could."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "For the same reason my firewall doesn't have the root password for the host it's protecting"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "these guys are one line of defense. Archaedas is another."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Okay. Next time Nerai blows up passages, I'm officially referrign to it as 'redusing the attack surface area'"

"<That knowledge was not left with us,>" replies the earthen. "<We will allow you to confront the guardian, if you want to. If you succeed, you may take any knowledge you learn, and some of the objects you find. The rest you will leave to us.>"

"That is fair," replies Saeren.

---

The earthen escort the travelers through the lower reaches of Uldaman. Most of the other earthen regard them with the hostility and suspicion of an insular people unused to outsiders, but others regard them, and especially Eecee, with curiosity.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm waiting for them to try talking to Eecee at this point."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "I am sitting in it. :D"

While the group walks, Sookie hides behind Kagarn as best she can. Sometimes she acts brave; sometimes she cowers; but she has yet to back down when a real fight starts. Still: "Na, goshi," she whispers. "These not elementals. But they made of earth. Very strange."

"Some human legends hold that humans are made from clay," notes Kagarn. "If these people are living stone, then they are more living than stone." Brann pipes up. "Well, _our_ own legends say that these people are the ancestors of us dwarves."

"What can you tell us about the Earthen, Brann?" asks Saeren.

"Not much," says Brann. "Just that our older scholars seem to think we dwarves were once made of stone, and called ourselves Earthen. And you gotta admit, these lads look a lot like we do. O'course, that's not _proof_ we're related."

"You related," Sookie observes. "Dwarf fight us in Southshore. You fight Dark Iron. All dwarf fight dwarf. Definitely related."

Saeren grins at Sookie's reasoning. "Fighting is one thing we all have in common," she agrees.

Brann laughs, with just a touch of bitterness. "Lass, ye humans have a long history of fightin' each other. It ain't till the First War, really, that ye even worked together at all. Don't give _us_ a hard time about it."

> (OOC) Sookie on phone

"Ha! Not human," Sookie retorts. "Only look. But hey, if this so important, make peace or something. Guard cave with earth dwarves, everyone happy."

"Sounds good to me, lass," says Brann. "We're gonna have to find a better way to talk to each other, but that's just a matter o' time. I think we're off to a good start here, though."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anything else?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "not unless you want Sookie to attempt diplomacy, which will cause an earthenpocalypse."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "That's all for now :)"

Finally, behind the warded doors of the Chamber of the Crafters, they are led to an enormous vaulted chamber, with many pillars strewn about the place. The chamber is almost entirely intact - only a few shards of rubble lay in the back of the room, beneath a hole in the roof that does not go all the way through. This place was meant to stand the test of time, even against geological forces.

In the middle of the room, standing in front of an octagonal altar, is an enormous statue of a male titan wielding a sword proportioned to his dimensions. Around the outer sides of the room are a number of smaller statues, apparently of earthen.

"<Seat of Khaz'goroth>," says the earthen escort. "<Meditate at altar, guardian awakens.>" He points at the titan statue. "<He asks for words of recognition, then fights you unless you leave... or die.>"

> (OOC) Sookie clicks on the altar. come on, need 2 more

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. You can see what you're up against. Array yourselves accordingly. If you want a particular layout, ask me if it's present."

Saeren turns to the others, "Okay.. what are we going to use to get past this thing?"

> (OOC) Sookie is looking for a couple of loose rocks. Big ones

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "There aren't many, but the aforesaid shards in the back of the room qualify."

Nerai shrugs, "I sorta thought someone would have the password." She rubs her chin. "Plus, do we really want to destroy it?"

"Nobody here has the password," says Saeren. She looks to the Earthen, "Who would have had the password for this? Only the makers?"

"<So we guess,>" replies the earthen.

"Na, na, Nerai, we got more stuff? Dark Iron fire work good on golem last time." Sookie stares up at the construct, musing.

Nerai digs around in Eecee for a moment,. "Well, yeah, there's plenty of explosives here. I'm not sure that's the best key for this particular lock. It might end up breaking what we're after."

"If you have any ideas, Nerai, please share them," says Saeren.

Sookie thinks a bit more. "Put together in bundle. I throw and ignite," she suggests.

Nerai shrugs, andstarts pullign out explosive, and hooking a simple trigger mechanism to the device, packing it into a tight ball, and wiring a simple push button trigger on the block.

"Okay, so basically our solution is to blow this thing up," says Saeren. "I want to try one thing first, though. Maybe it knows us? That picture of us may have some meaning, after all."

Nerai looks at Saeren and at Kagarn, "Aren't the Earthen goign to be mad at us for blowing up the guardian, or their chamber, or things like that?"

"They seem kinda calm about it. They probably want what lies beyond, as well," says Saeren. "Besides, if the makers wanted to prevent us from ever getting inside, they would have taken care to do so. I look at this guardian as a test."

Brann says, "Let's ask them. <Do you mind if we destroy the guardian or damage this chamber?>" The earthen shrugs. "<Doubt you can damage the chamber. If you can destroy the guardian, it is okay.>"

Nerai shrugs, "Sounds fine, then"

"So it seems I'm right about this being a test," says Saeren. "I wonder if we can pass it."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So, we have a bomb, and stuff to throw."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. what do you do with these things?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "we activate archaedas, then blow him up n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Do we really need to activate him?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm all for sporting fights, but.. it's a golen."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Golem, even"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Okay, posing something.."

"Alright, well.. in the interest of doing the right thing, I want to at least see if this guardian knows about us. If there's no need to destroy it, I have no intention of doing so." The night elf looks at Nerai with a smile, "Cause you are right, it'd be far better to _not_ destroy something so old as this. But in the end, that may be its ultimate purpose here." She steps forward, moving towards the golem. She calls out, "May I pass?" She has every intention of staying as far away as possible.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm hoping this winds up not becoming a lesson of warning for all those who follow."

There is no response at first. Eventually, however, Saeren's presence at the altar is registered. The outer shell of the guardian cracks and falls away. The statue turns to regard Saeren, and bellows in a strange tongue - but Saeren hears its echo in her mind, enhanced by magic. "<Who dares awaken Archaedas? Who dares the wrath of the makers?>"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Me. Ed Gruberman?"

Saeren answers, "A group of travelers, who once helped one of the makers. A gift was given to us to help free those cursed by the despised Dagun. We believe more can be saved using what lies within. Are we welcome here, or do you turn us away?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "one moment ^^"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Bill is reminding me of the name. :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I have the chalice, right?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I forget if I left it somewhere >.>"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You do. But it doesn't really figure into things at this point."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Just using it as a token here.. one sec."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Go ahead and pose."

The night elf draws out the chalice, "Aggramar's gift to us, to free those enslaved. Does this gain us entry here, or are we turned away?"

The great construct is unmoved. "<You are not recognized. Depart or perish!>" And it raises its sword.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "so much for that."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Combat time begins. Saeren is first, then the rest of the party, then Archaedas."

> (OOC) Saeren poses to get the hell out of range ^^

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm going to run like hell n.n"

Saeren races away, stuffing the chalice into her bag. Once she draws close enough, she will vault onto Shade. "Negotiations were not successful!" Just in case anyone here is blind.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I imagine I have some kind of roll to vault onto Shade ^^"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "If I should suddenly go quiet, there's a big storm here, so I will try my best ^^"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "The chamber is about 15 yards in diameter. You have any amount of space if you like. I'm going to roll that you can get onto Shade as part of a move action, with a riding roll."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Everyone else?"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 8 (1 3 4) vs. 16, succeeding by 8

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm mounted up :)"

> (OOC) Nerai is standing back and keeping her distance. I think I gave the explosives to Sookie already.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "we knew what we were getting into. can I start with the explosive bundle grabbed?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure. You'd have it Readied, since you were almost certainly anticipating this."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. move it to his face and set it off. ^\_^"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Now: how much explosive damage do you think a ball of boom like this do you think would have?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if there's a roll, it's probably TK, -5 for the face hit location, +3 for size"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "is it comparable to TNT?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yes."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "how many pounds? estimate."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "I was thinking a 1.5' square cube."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "12 lbs."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "But it isn't pure TNT. Probably about the equivalent of, oh, about two pounds of prime demolitions-quality TNT."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "GM estimates 6dx4 cr ex. Need a roll to place it?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yes. The attack roll as you described."

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 17 (6 6 5) vs. 14, failing by 3

> (OOC) Sookie says, "critical failure. ^\_^;;"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Y'know what, this was sucha n awesome idea, I'd hate to have it completely wasted."

> (OOC) Sookie goes \*foom\*

With negotiations failed, Sookie's style of diplomacy seems indicated. The half-elemental takes the prepared bundle of explosives and hurls it at Archaedas. Unfortunately, the gods do not smile on her efforts - or perhaps it is simply the fact that the motive force of her telekinesis is the power of the storm. An errant spark sets off one of the bullets prematurely, and before she can react, the entire bundle is scattered. Bags of black powder and unspent cartridges fly everywhere.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Two rounds to gather them up again for another attempt."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "ok"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Don't worry, I'll keep him busy! With me and Shade, it should take him at least two swings :D"

Kagarn steps forward swiftly and plants a carved totem in the stone. The wooden shaft finds a tiny crevice and then balances there, supported by the earth magic flowing around it. "Stay behind this totem, Sookie," he instructs, as he begins to invoke its power.

The giant construct looks around the room. The night elf on her nightsaber is spared a brief glance, before its eyes settle upon the steam armor. Slowly and ponderously it strides forward, sword at the ready.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I'm gonna put the rest of the party at 10 yards away from it. Its move appears to be 5."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Next round!"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Saeren is up."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Okay.. I posed setting aside my bow. I didn't specify where. Could it have been on shade, or should I race to pick it up? :P"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "On Shade would make a lot of sense, since you'd have planned on using Shade as your backup plan in case it went hostile."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Yep. So going to ready my bow this turn.. doing fast draws."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 14 (4 4 6) vs. 15, succeeding by 1

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Woof, that was tight. Arrows are drawn."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Okay. Rest of the party?"

With a shamefaced look, Sookie hides behind the totem as instructed, using her abilities to quickly reassemble the bomb.

Nerai moves Eecee forward, the heavy footfalls ploding around the chanber to meet the combatant, she looks behind her at Saeren, Kagarn, then Sookie; turnign forward to the golem.

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 11 (3 4 4) vs. 18, succeeding by 7

Kagarn completes his incantation, and the totem springs to life. Stony tentacles emerge from the floor - they do not appear to disturb the stone of the monument in any way, but appear to be conjured from the earth below to take form here.

Archaedas strides forward to intercept the steam armor, towering over it. It speaks no further challenge, but prepares its greatsword to sweep away the goblin-dwarf machine that, in its mechanical understanding, threatens the secrets it was charged to defend.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "It completes its move action. Next round it'll start swinging at Eecee unless something else happens."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Next round, Saeren."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Sorry, was bio there ^^;;"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm hoping my shots are something epic here n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "How far away is the guardian?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Shade was running last round. so he could be anywhere from five to 15."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Might as well make it 10 :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Going to fire twice. Aiming at the sword arm."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "What's the aim penalty for this huge thing's arm?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "And what is the size class?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "arm is -2 to hit, size is +3"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So I'm basically just tossing dice to avoid a crit fail. Gotcha."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 6 (3 2 1)

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 11 (5 5 1)

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Both made by a mile n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. Roll for damage."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d+3 for 11 (5 3 3) damage

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d+3 for 11 (5 3 3) damage

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Both are impaling, +2 to fire as well."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You've chipped some outer shell off. Are you familiar with semi-ablative DR?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Because that's what he's got. You've knocked two points off its DR, but not enough to actually do any HP damage."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Oh, and my divisor is 2, if that matters."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I know what you mean, thank you Mike ^^"

Saeren shoots her first volley, hitting the enemy twice in the arm. The damage doesn't look very serious, but she's not going to take a break from her firing, either.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm going into machine gun mode, GM. I can fire every second n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. Let's continue. I assume Sookie's still gathering stuff."

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 11 (4 5 2) vs. 20, succeeding by 9

Sookie finishes up her assembly and starts to bind together the pieces, spinning and turning them rapidly in midair.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Kagarn's chargin his lazor. Nerai?"

> (OOC) Nerai is bracing for impact. I'll work on a short pose

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All-Out Defense, then?"

Nerai stands and looks at the giant.. She plants Eecee's feet into the ground, and hold her own broadsword in front of her, her Goblin mouth running through the prayers she knows.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Yes please."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I assume the Increased Defense, for +2 to any one of Dodge, Parry, or Block? Which one?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "In the meantime, attack inc."

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 9 (5 2 2) vs. 20, succeeding by 11

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Make your defense roll."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Block."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You have a shield?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Rather Parry. Heh."

> (OOC) Nerai rolls 3d6 for 11 (1 4 6) vs. 13, succeeding by 2

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Woo :)"

Archaedas' enormous sword whistles through the air, only to land against Eecee's weapon with a tremendous CLANG that resonates through the hall. The steam armor rocks from the blow, but stands fast.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Saeren's up."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 11 (4 2 5) vs. 15, succeeding by 4

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Okay, fast draw and firing now.. it's at -1, so again just vs. crit fail, and aiming at the arm where I did last time"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 15 (4 5 6)

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 11 (1 6 4)

> (OOC) Saeren says, "And rolling dmg, unless there's a dodge coming this time?"

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 13 (6 6 1) vs. 9, failing by 4

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 18 (6 6 6) vs. 9, failing by 9

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Not even close to dodging..."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "What's that crit fail do? ^^"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d+4 for 14 (4 6 4) damage

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d+4 for 10 (4 2 4) damage

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Again, divisor 2, +2 more per hit from fire."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. This time you actually penetrate its DR. Pose some damage."

Saeren again fires, drawing as fast as lightning and letting loose another accurate shot. Two more arrows strike the golem's arm, but this time the damage is starting to show. Not missing a beat, the night elf sentinel reaches for still more arrows.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Going to keep up my 1 shot per second fire rate."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. Sookie, you're up. The bomb is ready - make it count this time :)"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "one errant \*twitch\*.. AND KABLOOIE"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 13 (4 3 6) vs. 14, succeeding by 1

Finally Sookie has assembled Nerai's pyrotechnic masterpiece again. Well, sort of. It's true that the components are all near to each other, but the elegance of the original product is long since lost. Even the detonating mechanism was left behind in her haste to throw together whatever would ignite. Shrugging, she lets the enormous guardian stare at the ball as it zigs and zags in front of its face, then lets out a powerful stroke of lightning from one hand - aimed right at his head, and straight through the ball.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Aaaand its dodge roll fails. Light it up!"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "This also can't possibly miss but:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 8 (2 3 3) vs. 17, succeeding by 9

> (OOC) Sookie says, "(lightning)"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 21d for 80 (4 6 6 5 4 4 3 4 2 4 1 6 4 1 4 5 1 4 6 2 4) damage

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I want it known that I caused its arm to ache slightly before Sookie blew its head off."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Man, if I'm gonna have you guys using demolitin equipment against moving targets, I need them to be tougher. n.n It's done."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "You're gonna make us fight Ragnaros now, aren't you? >.>"

As Saeren once learned to her great pain, technology is an extremely potent force. And even put together inexpertly by Sookie rather than with the expert demolitionist skills of Nerai, that much explosive in one place is an incredibly potent force. The concussion of the gunpowder is enough to deafen everyone in the room, and the flash of light is blinding... but as the spots before the eyes clear and the ringing in the ears diminishes, the once-mighty guardian of the Titans is shattered. The sword-arm goes clanging to the ground, and the headless torso wobbles and falls to the ground with a muted thud.

> (OOC) Sookie just moved the bomb there, didn't do the work to gather & prepare it

> (OOC) Sookie posin

As the dust around the guardian settles, a seething Sookie whirls. Before Saeren can even dismount from her giant cat, she's lifted bodily into the air by the girl's power. And as the white stretches of elemental energy begin to replace her skin, Sookie looks up in cold rage. "You confuse me! All time! Now I almost blow up goshi. Satisfied? Want hear you gloat now! Gloat bout how you made me look dumb!"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Kagarn may step in here, but he's going to see what Saeren has to say for herself."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "posing :)"

Saeren is surprised, to be sure, but she doesn't show it. She smiles down at Sookie warmly. The night elf takes her time responding, "Child, why are you confused? You executed your work with great skill. Surely you saved those you love."

"Almost didn't!" shouts Sookie. "Almost went bad! Confused, 'cause you say not hurt, not kill, but you do it! I built for killing! That how I serve goshi! If I no kill, I nothing! That what you want." Her voice pitches even higher. "Say it!"

Nerai stares at Sookie, "Shouldn't you be happy about being right this time? Saeren wanted to try the non violent solution and that didn't work. You should feel vindicated, not angry."

> (OOC) Nerai idle a sec

"I want you to realize, child, that you are not build for killing alone," says Saeren. "I will no longer tolerate this lie that lets you hide from yourself. You are not a tool for death, you are capable of making choices and it is time for you to accept that."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "bah, typo.. build = built"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I need Kagarn to hold off for a bit. n.n"

Kagarn begins to speak, but a glance from Saeren silences him, and he steps back. His bearing seems to say: If you think you are fit to teach an elemental, I will allow you to find out for yourself if you are correct.

For a few moments, Sookie has concentrated on an answer for Nerai. Her final reasoned argument consists of yelling "Shut up!" She struggles more, unable to quite stop listening to Saeren, unable to quite finish the job she seems intent on with her captive. "I not have choice!" she shouts. Glancing at Kagarn, a memory stirs. "Goshi order me not be ashamed. He say to tell you I not mortal like you. I bound to follow shaman of Earthen Ring. That my life. No choice!"

"Did he order you to pick me up?" asks Saeren.

Sookie narrows her eyes. "No tricks. He wish see naga defeated. I obey orders, be instrument of naga's defeat. That mean I have to function. That mean no confusion. I not stupid."

"No, you are not stupid. You are actually pretty amazing," replies Saeren. "So do what you feel is right. I cannot stop you." She looks Sookie in the eye, still smiling.

Sookie tightens her grip slightly, looking with furious eyes at the elf. But finally, finally, something breaks. The power of the storm, those half-visible bolts of lightning and hidden air currents that keep Saeren aloft, draw her down close to Sookie. The girl reaches out a hand, fingers curled like a claw ready to strangle. Instead she pulls Saeren close, burying her face against an armored shoulder, weeping.

Saeren wraps her arms around Sookie, holding her tightly. "Every time I think I realize how special you are, you prove me wrong. You truly are amazing, Sookie." The night elf looks at Kagarn, then to Nerai, her eyes practically calling them closer.

Kagarn raises his brows in fascination, then smiles, approaching the two.

Nerai climbs herself out of Eecee, and walks over too, her goblin claws cluthing around Sookie as well, tears in her own eyes.

Sookie can't stop crying, but manages to regain her voice after long moments. "Na, Nerai.. know you don't like. But be orc, for a little bit. Tell me it's okay, like you used to.. please?"

Nerai snugs Sookie, "It is OK, you know." She says, her claws stroking Sookie's side. "It is OK...."

Sookie smiles a bit, but tears are still streaming down her cheeks. "I kill monster.. but Saeren not monster.. I try to make her one, but I the monster.. I sorry.."

"You are no monster, child," says Saeren. "Not at all." The night elf can't stop smiling, "You are part of our family now."

Nerai shakes her head, "You're not a monster either. That really is basically what this is about."

Brann and Chomsky, for their part, seem to realize that all this is none of their business. With the defender destroyed, there is no one to stop them from tinkering with the altar, and eventually, with a dull rumbling, the door to the inner chamber opens. The dwarf and the gnome venture inside, confident that the others will follow them when they are ready.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I think I'd like to close it here, more or less. It's getting pretty late. We can go on with the plot next time."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Sounds good to me :)"

> (OOC) Nerai nodndo

The inner chamber - inside, whatever awaits the adventurers could mean the salvation of the surface world. The final gift of the long-lost Titans, held for them by a nigh-invincible stone guardian. This must be seen. And so Saeren and Nerai walk to their destiny to see what Brann has opened for them. Kagarn follows, carrying a curled-up Sookie piggyback as she sleeps off her exhaustion.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "good enough?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Very much so."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Bonus xp for Sookie, I say ^^"

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: Session awards:

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Nerai - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: Story awards:

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Nerai - 8

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 8

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 8

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-22" stopped by TidesGM at Sun May 22 22:58:17 2011 CDT (OOC)