Though the matter is the most pressing for Nerai, all three adventurers have good reason to leave Winterspring as soon as possible. The only question is: how? Ezra and Saeren quickly learn that transporting Nerai's steam armor is a difficult issue. Leaving the way they came - by magically flying down the sea cliffs - simply isn't really an option. Neither is departing on land, since the only land route out of Winterspring passes through the deadly Felwood.

This leaves the goblin airships. Fortunately, Nerai has no issue with the goblins running the shipping industry, but another problem emerges, as she and Ezra speak with the shipping agent. "You wanna pack a steam armor with you, eh? Huh. That'll cost ya." The goblin looks up at Ezra, rubbing his chin. "Saaaay. How d'youse guys feel about workin' fer yer passage?"

"It'll cost us a fair price. If I feel gouged, well.. I wonder how fire magic will work against that balloon." Ezra chuckles darkly. "But I'm willing to work for a fair wage, yess. Say on."

Nerai blinks and looks over at Ezra, at the not to veiled threat. She gulps and looks back to the goblin running the airship.

"Great! Cause, y'see, we lost an airship a couple days ago, up in the hills to the northwest," says the shipping agent. "Some pretty valuable cargo on board, to say nothin' of the ship engines. We was gonna send a recovery party up that way, but that's yeti country. If you c'n go up there an' get back what ya can, that should just about cover yer passage. Whaddaya say?"

The Forsaken creature grins unwholesomely. "And who around here buys yeti skins?" is his answer.

The goblin returns that grin with a snaggletoothed one of his own. "Ya shouldn't have too many problems finding a buyer here. Just keep in mind they ain't worth so much if the fur's burnt... Mr. Fire Magic."

Ezra waves his hands in a dismissive gesture. "I think we have that taken care of, yess. We'll be back ssoon. Don't forget our bargain, now."

"Perhaps we could have a written contract, for example," he adds.

Nerai nods her agreement. "Is the cargo marked with your seal? So we can easily identify it?"

The shipping agent looks disgruntled for a moment, but sighs. "Fine, fine," he says, sitting down and scribbling on a fresh piece of parchment. "Oh, yeah," he says, replying to Nerai and reaching into his desk. "Here's the manifest," he says, slapping down another paper.

Ezra's eye for fine detail in the written word, honed by his experience with magic, serves him just as well with the magic that is legal procedure, and after a little bit of arguing, the goblin finally produces a contract that's solid on the details. Airship passage for three persons, steam armor, cart, and livestock, in return for investigating the crash site and recovering as much as possible. "An' here's the route it was takin," he says, adding a map with a line drawn on it. "We think it probably crashed here," he adds, pointing to a rough circle, "but we ain't sure."

---

Traveling through the barren snow-tracked landscape of Winterspring becomes more difficult when they leave the roads, what with Nerai's cart; but they manage nonetheless. Saeren and Nerai are wrapped well against the cold; Ezra, of course, pays no heed to such mundane issues as air temperature.

Hours pass, and no sign of the wreckage. As they draw near to the suspected crash site, however, Ezra's raven wings out of the sky and caws softly in his ear. _Big pile of cloth and wood ahead. Two big white hairy things._

Ezra relays his familiar's findings. "Two. Perhaps more, near enough to hear a comotion, yess? We should attack from ambussh."

Nerai nods. "That's wasy for you to say. Unfortunatly, Eecee doesn't ambush so good..." She comments. "So, I can play the anvil to your hammer..."

"I can sneak up on them and draw them into a trap if you like," says Saeren. Even if they aren't naga, she seems eager to put an arrow in something.

Ezra nods. "Yess, that is for the best. My magic will work at thiss range as well. Nerai, prepare yourself."

Nerai climbs into the armor. She straps herself in, and pulls on a few of the controls. She pushes the button, and Eecee comes to life. Neari is obviously practiced at piloting, as she steers into position.

"Be careful, they have long arms," notes Saeren softly. "Be careful about getting close, and if they get both paws on you I doubt I can do much except bury you in the snow when we're done." Saeren moves north carefully, her steps leaving not even the slightest hint of a trail behind her. As she reaches the cover of the trees she vanishes from sight. Her allies will know when the ambush has begun. Yeti are not quiet beasts. Especially not angry ones.

Meanwhile, Saeren takes to the trees, while Ezra prepares himself to deal arcane destruction. The night elf scout has no problem approaching quite close; the two yeti seem to be occupied with trying to get at something in the wreckage of the gondola, except that the steel-clad wooden timbers seem to be too sturdy for them to push aside to reach it.

Saeren sticks three arrows into the ground before her and sets a fourth to her bowstring. In a smooth, effortless motion she draws back the string and fires at the nearest foe, the arrow bursting into flame as it buries itself in the thick hide of the beast.

The Forsaken sorcerer is hanging back, where he belongs. A muttered incantation and a bolt of fire streaks across the wintery landscape, and the wendigo's face and chest take most of the flame.

The scorched yeti roars in pain as it is pierced and burned. Turning away from the wreckage, it lumbers as fast as it can toward the dark figure it sees on the snow, charging right past Nerai in his steam armor.

The other one, however, turns toward the strange metal creature and roars after it at full speed. It swings one of its monstrous arms, only to have its claws screech on the iron hull with no apparent effect except four white lines of scored metal.

Sparing only the briefest glance to ensure the goblin wasn't torn to shreds, Saeren returns her focus. The yeti is hurt, but not dead. She fires again, seeing if she can remedy that little problem. The arrow once against burst to flame and buries itself into the powerful flank of the yeti as it lumbers towards Ezra. "You're dead, if you were smart enough to know it," she murmurs.

Nerai steps the armor into range of the lumbering bulk, after Eecee performed brilliantly at absorbing the attack. However the mechanical arm with the morning star on it fails to connect, swiping beside the Yeti.

The Forsaken launches a second firebolt. The wendigo is swifter to avoid this one than its compatriot, but Ezra is gratified that his arcane power at least annihilates a snowdrift behind the beast.

The final arrow is enough for the beast. It rumbles away, groaning with a deep, resounding voice as small fires smolder in its fur.

The survivor lays into the steam armor with both claws and its horns. Nerai is lucky; only one of the claws manages to tear into his armor, the tough horny talons this time taking a larger gouge out of the machine.

Saeren, ever the merciful hunter, sees one big, exposed back of the retreating yeti and thinks it far too sweet a target to pass up.

But greed and haste lead to a shot that may make others wonder just what it was she was aiming for. Perhaps she was attempting to kill time itself? The world will never know.

Nerai's attack is closer to center this time, pulling Eecee's arm around, and colliding the morning star into the side of the Yeti, taking a large chunk of the Yeti with it.

Ezra doesn't even have to move. His crooked, claw-like fingers splay into a new gesture and he spits out a brief spell. Three purple missiles of arcane fury fly forth. One strikes down the fleeing wendigo, and the remaining two slam into the body of the beast fighting Nerai.

The wendigo collapses in mid-flight and falls to the snow, lifeless. Its companion roars with rage as another spell strikes it, and takes out its anger on the metal can in front of it, rattling Nerai around in his cockpit but having no other visible effect.

A few careful steps carry the night elf closer to her prey, and this time her shot is drawn smoothly and true, exploding into fire as the arrow is buried in the furry chest of the beast.

Three more sparkling missiles of magical power dart across the snowy battlefield, taking their toll on the massive wendigo.

Nerai eeks as a level knob pops off the arm level. As she's trying to screw it back on she flails wildly, the morning star, instead of gliding through the air gracefully, sits inertly on the ground. Nerai regains control.

The creature roars in agony as Ezra's missiles strike crippling blows, but it is just bright enough to understand that attempting to flee will result in it meeting the same fate as its companion. Thus, it makes a desperate attempt to attack Nerai's steam armor, its claws and horns seriously denting the armor's hull.

Saeren steps up, getting within her best range, where only a novice could miss a target. The string of curses she unleashes is so savage that it ought to be enough to kill every beast in earshot. It doesn't. Sadly, it's still more damaging than her arrow, which goes god knows where.

Nerai's cheeks flush with the more or less miserable display she's put on already. Eecee winds his arm back, and pulls the spiky ball across the Yeti's shoulders, the Yeti's head following with. She cheers, and looks from her cockpit to Ezra and Saeren.

Ezra begins walking forward, satisfied that the two immediate threats are dispatched. Overhead, his raven takes wing to scout out other yeti or threats.

As the victorious heroes approach the wreckage, they hear a groan. "Hello? Who's out there? Are they gone?" The voice is deep, with a Taur-ahe accent.

Nerai pilots Eecee back to the cart, and then shuts him down. She looks carefully at the armor, before following her companions to the loot.

"The creatures are defeated," answers Ezra in Taur-ahe. "Come out, if you can."

Saeren examines her bow carefully, ensuring there are no holes in the string or anything like that. Just to make sure. Not knowing the language makes Ezra's conversation less interesting, though the elf will try to ensure that the forsaken isn't attacked. Assuming this doesn't require hitting a target with an arrow she should do just fine.

"Thank the Earth Mother!" The wreckage shifts, and an opening emerges, just barely enough to allow the tauren's head to poke through. "I've been trapped in here for days! Those creatures have been keeping me awake the whole time - I didn't dare sleep lest they reach me." It spies the steam armor. "Do you think that thing's strong enough to open up a hole for me?"

Nerai will reach with Eecee into the wreckage carefully. "Push..." Nerai calls, while pulling some of the boards aside with Eecee's long mechanical left arm.

Soon, enough of the collapsed timbers are pushed away, and the tauren emerges. "Thank you, friends," he says. "I am Kagarn Stormhoof, and I owe you a debt of gratitude. I was certain that I would die here, either from the cold or from the yeti. May I ask your names?"

"My name is Saeren." That's about as much as she's gonna offer. Her mind is rather focused on the missed shots. She is certainly not pleased, which is made clear by, well, she's never really that pleased when she's not shooting naga or murlocs.

Introductions are given; the tauren casts a wary eye on Ezra and Nerai, though it is positively friendly to Saeren, and at least cordial to everyone, as befits his rescuers. "How can I help you?" the tauren asks, before stumbling. "Please excuse me; I am very weary and hungry."

Nerai waves from the cockpit. "I am Nerai." She nods, Eecee's hand moving to steady her as she stumbles.

Saeren reaches into her pack and draws out some rations. "Here, eat. You need to eat far more in the cold than you do normally."

"We'll return you to Everlook, yess." Ezra smiles. "We've been hired to recover the cargo. We'll take you back with uss."

The fellow accepts the food gratefully. "Thank you, friends," he says, his voice beginning to waver. "I'm... glad someone will be able to hear my tale. This..." he says, gesturing to the wreckage, "was no accident."

Ezra swivels his head about from inspecting the cargo. "Say on."

"You see, I represent the Earthen Ring," begins Kagarn. "A few months ago..." Then a thought strikes him, and he turns to Nerai, glaring. "You. What clan do you represent?" he asks. Though he is clearly in no shape to fight, his hands tighten on his quarterstaff.

"The Saved Your Life clan?" Ezra suggests lightly.

Nerai loosk around as her past comes back to haunt her. Already. She smiles. "I was one a part of Clan Jointrust." She looks back at the Tauren, "However, I'm more or less disowned."

At the name of the clan, the tauren's nostrils flare, but when Nerai completes her tale, he visibly relaxes. "You could not have picked a better clan to be disowned from," he says. "I believe they were responsible for sabotaging this flying contraption."

Nerai blinks. She'll stay in the armor for now. She looks down to Ezra, and then looks back up at Kagarn. "Oh yes?" She asks, prompting for something. Maybe proof? Or a story?

Saeren will let the others listen. Betrayal and goblin plots don't interest her greatly. She keeps half an ear on the tauren in case of trouble and the rest of her mind on searching through the remains.

"Indeed," says the tauren. "I..." He sways again, and yawns, a prodigious effort from the bulky creature. "I will tell you the full story when I have rested. Suffice to say, one of their number attempted to win my trust, to learn our secrets. I caught them at it, and was on my way to report to my fellows when the boiler exploded. I do not think it was a coincidence."

"Then we'll bring the boiler back as evidence, yess," suggests Ezra. "As intacct as possible. Now, can we begin loading?"

"Of course," says Kagarn. "If... if you bring the cart close, I will help as long as I can."

Once the Tauren tightens up about her story, Nerai leaves Eecee, brings the cart up, gets back in the armor, and starts loading the wreckage.

Kagarn manages to haul at least three crates before his weariness catches up with him, and the other three are left to finish loading the cart themselves. Soon, the crew are on their way back to Everlook, a drowsing tauren nestled amongst boxes emblazoned with the Wheelbrace logo and one slowly cooling steam armor.

---

"He's right - it was sabotage," says the Wheelbrace engineer, as the three adventurers and the tauren refugee, along with the shipping agent, stand around the recovered phlogiston boiler. "See here? This hole goes _inward_. Someone planted a seaforium charge here or somethin'. They knew what they were doin' too - this is just the right place to make the boiler totally go boom. No wonder none of the crew survived - your friend here's lucky to be alive."

"Interesting," says the shipping agent, sounding annoyed. "What makes you think it was the Jointrusts?" he asks Kagarn. The tauren shrugs. "I know they did not want me to live," he responds. "That is all I can tell you. If some of your other cargo was not meant to make it to its destination, that is your business."

Nerai hardly knows what to say. She knows her clan isn't the more.. above board dealers in the land. On the other hand, finding them is more or less the last thing she wants to get involved in. She will look at the Boiler parts to confirm what the other Goblin says, however. She looks to Kagarn. "I am deeply sorry for this, whatever hand my family has had in it, anyway."

"Where were you bound for?" asks Ezra, now looking at Kagarn.

Saeren says little. Actually, she says almost nothing. Her momentary rush of chattiness earlier has apparently emptied the reserves. It seems a long rest is needed to refill her tanks. Or naga to shoot.

"I was bound for Thunder Bluff, by way of Splintertree Post," says Kagarn.

"If you can pay your way again, we'll bring you with uss," suggests Ezra. "And thiss time, we'll be mindful of sabotage or ambussh."

"Pay my way? _Again?_" says Kagarn, giving a significant glance to the Wheelbrace goblins. "Yeah, that's right," replies the shipping agent haughtily. "You think we're running a charity here? Read the contract again, big-horns. It sez you get to go on the ship, it doesn't say we _have_ ta get ya there."

"How about a finder's fee for identifying saboteurs of goblin property?" Ezra suggests blandly.

The shipping agent opens his mouth to argue... then glares at Ezra. "Fine, fine," he mutters. "Half price!"

Ezra fingers his cane. "Insurance against it happening _again_?"

The Wheelbrace rep rolls his eyes. "Look, what's it to you, mister? You guys already paid your way, an' you're getting a bonus cause you got so much of our cargo back. What more do ya want?"

"First, we're offering protection on the outbound flight for someone who invited dissaster last time. Ssecond, you already have a travel contract with uss, yess. Third, you can't afford to be entirely sshut down, now can you. Not that I'm sssaying that I would do the job myself..." Ezra fingers his cane a bit more. "But issn't it in your besst interest to get a dangerous passsenger out of your area as quickly as possible?"

The goblin glares at Ezra, trying not to show his nervousness in the presence of the undead mage. "Protection, eh? You offerin' to stand in fer security on that flight?" He rubs his pointy chin. "Actually... yeah, we do kinda need more security on that flight, after what happened to this one," he says, pounding the boiler wreckage and rubbing his fist. "Hirin' youse guys'll certainly save me on hirin' more goblins ta do the job. An' I can trust you, cos it's your own hide if you screw up. Deal." He consults a copy of the manifest, with several of the items checked. "And we'll see about the bonus for the cargo, too."

"Exccellent," murmurs Ezra.

Kagarn nods to Ezra. "Again, I am in your debt, friends. Let us hope that this next flight is safer."