In the war room of Light's Hope chapel, Tyrosus has a map of Stratholme laid out on the table. "This is what we know about the disposition of Scourge and Crusade forces," he says, placing tokens on the map. "The Crusade maintains a blockade _here_, in Crusader's Square. Naturally, the Scourge holds the rest of Stratholme, but their stronghold is _here_, on the northern end of the city."

"Your best bet for a place from which to send the night elf on her way is _here_, at the fountain in King's Square," Tyrosus continues. "It is a blind alley, near the main gate, and easily defensible from Scourge onslaught. It is near enough to the Scarlet Cathedral, but not directly visible from the Scarlets' blockade."

The paladin hands a scroll case to Saeren. "Here is a map of the Cathedral," he says. "We have no idea how the Crusade is using the space, but we have some educated guesses. The monastic cells have been marked; that is probably where Ezra's son is being kept."

Saeren smiles grimly, taking the map and looking it over. First, she checks on those best guesses, the better to understand her enemy. "It's not exactly a walk in the park. I hope they have no reason to expect my little visit."

"The Crusaderss at the monasstery learned of me, yes," answers Ezra. "They musst be capable of knowing that Andrew iss here - they ssent him themsselves, after all. They may have ssent warning ahead too."

Nerai nods, "But, foretold isn't nessicarily forseen, of course..."

"So they will expect arcane tricks," says Saeren. "But perhaps they will not expect a night elf to shadow her way past them. Either way, the goal remains what it is."

"The Bastion is warded against teleportation, of course," Tyrosus observes. "The Scourge have too many liches and mortal adepts in their ranks for the Crusade to avoid such an obvious precaution. But they cannot ward against _all_ magic; they rely upon it too much themselves. Of all the ways you could choose to enter the Bastion undetected, your plan probably stands the best chance of success."

Saeren nods to Tyrosus. "I appreciate the appraisal, and I'm eager to get started. Is there anything of further use I should seek to learn while I'm there?"

Tyrosus shakes his head. "I suspect you will have your hands full as it is," he says. "If you come across any useful intelligence that doesn't put you at risk, by all means acquire it. But smuggling a living man out of the Bastion is challenge enough."

"It iss easier to sslay a thousand than to ssave one," Ezra observes somberly. "But sstill worth it."

"I already have done the first," says Saeren.

"Your arrival is fortuitous," says Tyrosus. "One of our member was recently captured by Baron Rivendare. Some of my men will be invading Stratholme via the servants' entrance. With luck, each of our incursions will serve as a distraction for the other." He nods to a small group of gray-clad Argents. "Good luck to you all, and may the Light be with you."

---

The Argent team parts ways with Ezra's party at the entrance to the Plaguewood - a dank, musty forest of giant, festering fungi growing where the villages of Stratholme once stood. A few zombies roam along the road, but pose little threat to well-armed invaders.

"Time to dance with you, Crusaders of Stratholme," whispers Saeren.

The rotted and rusted gates of Stratholme dangle on their hinges, providing no barrier to any mortals or Forsaken foolish enough to enter. If there is any obstacle to entry, it is the swarms of undead that populate the streets of the city itself, as numerous as the living who once dwelt here - a fact that is surely no coincidence.

Saeren's first shots are as much experimental as wrathful. Seeing the first zombie fall flat arches her brow. "Huh. Gonna have to go full blast. No time to waste here."

Vickers sees his designated targets, and lets the cannon of loud death. The flair from the muzzle flashes as the agents of hot led are expelled from the six rotating muzzels. The hot lead turns one skeleton into so much bone paste, while leaving a Zombine on it's last un-legs.

Nerai yells over at Vickers as she pulls out her rifle, and takes aim down the field at one of the skeletons: "Step forward, maintain your field of fire."

Ezra flips a jewel out of one pocket, grabbing tightly to it as he casts a spell. A solid wall of earth appears, blocking progress on the left side to form a barricade.

Again the cannon roars to life, Vickers enveloping more into his view, hitting each of the undead in his swath with a peppering of bullets, all looking as if they'll check back into the hotel of the dead soon.

Two more shots, two kills. Saeren's bow sings, and she's already reaching for more arrows.

An arc of lightning erupts from Kagarn's hand. A nearby zombie, already peppered with bullets, drops to what's left of its knees and groans, its arms slumping limply by its sides.

Another croaked conjuration from Ezra brings forth another mass of earth, and the wizard cackles. "Now we are ready!"

The massed undead do not reply, but simply shamble or clatter forward over their fallen comrades, groping with blind hostility toward their nearest foes.

Ezra mutters a third incantation, laying a hand on the massive wall of earth he's created.

The cannon, directed by the golem, Again is aimed at several of the undead, which are coming upon Nerai and Vickers, and producing so much dust.

Nerai's rifle swivels around, and points at the face of the other Zombie on them, blasting it's face off, the again lifeless body thudding to the ground with a ducty, dry thwack.

The first wave of skeletons manages to reach the party. However, they are stupid and claw at the first two foes they reach - the heavily armored forms of Eecee and Vickers. Mere bone clatters against their forms to no discernible effect.

Trying to surround the golem with the cannon of death might seem lime a smart idea, but the closer and more compact they are, then more hot lead attention you get, as the next two skeletons find out as they try and surround Vickers.

Saeren sees the skeletons closing in vanish as if by magic. In this case, science is more to blame. Thus free of trouble, she puts an end to another zombie, blasting it's eyes out. As well as most of its head in the bargain.

The earth shapes itself into a set of steep but navigable stairs, and Ezra gestures, barking in a hoarse voice: "Kagarn! Saeren! The high ground!"

Nerai points the rifle right into face of the oncoming skeleton, and lets loose a round from her rifle, blowing a way a section of shoulder.

Kagarn grins at Ezra and nods, dashing up the stairs, one of his fists still sparkling with lightning.

Meanwhile the remaining skeleton hisses at Nerai and lashes out again, failing to learn the futility of clawing at steel with mere bone.

Vickers points the cannon of death at the skeleton hit by Nerai, and opens fire. It crumples, and his friend behind him absorbs several more bullets from the volley.

Ezra steps behind Eecee and Vickers, dragging away part of his earthwork barriers with him.

Ezra calls up. "Sstay put you two!"

"Right!" calls Kagarn. He points at the nearest zombie, and the creature's form, already tattered by bullets, falls over twitching, its rags of clothes bursting into smoldering flame kindled by Kagarn's lightning..

Atop her earthen perch, Saeren draws the bowstring of Diplomacy and sends a final wooden message of peace toward the remaining zombie. The message is clearly received as the undead creature peacefully falls over.

Ezra's moving earth wall rumbles forward, with Eecee and Vickers marching in front, and Kagarn and Saeren perched in sniping positions atop it. As they reach the first intersection, mowing down zombies and skeletons as they go, they come into sight of the first real threat. A pair of stony creatures, with a familiar winged shape, become visible on either side street. With a wordless screech, each one takes to the air and flies forward to attack.

Saeren's seen these enemies before, just not quite so close. One of them learns the danger, the other dies. Her arrows move through the air with a wicked song of the bow and a gargoyle hits the dirt.

Ezra snaps his fingers. His earthen rampart moves to provide him with steps up, and he begins to ascend, chuckling.

Absent any new orders, Vickers' guns continue to mow down the onrushing zombie horde. Undead flesh and bone splinters fly in the air; the handful of undead that come close are still ineffectual against its ceramic hide.

Nerai yells at Vickers, "The Gargoyle, target the gargoyle." Nerai points to indicate the correct one, the one still in flight. Nerai lines up her gun, aiming at the same gargoyle.

Kagarn regards the flying stone construct grimly, and his hands begin to crackle as he murmurs the familiar supplications to the spirits of air.

The still-flying gargoyle takes aim at Vickers and spews a stream of green acid at the golem. The sticky slime coats the armored golem and hisses slowly as it etches into the ceramic armor.

The second volley puts another gargoyle on the ground, immobile and silent. Saeren is already looking for her next target.

Behind the other combatants, Ezra gestures imperiously. Some of his loose earth roils over Vickers' chest, scraping and buffing away the clingy acidic residue. Some of the earth will be charred or damaged, but right now the golem is much more important.

With no other orders, Vickers continues to fire its guns at the golem. In its stone form, it is much more resistant to gunfire - but not totally resistant. Even as they watch, flecks and chips of stone fly off to the accompaniment of the sound of bullets ricocheting off the enchanted statue.

"Have it cover me," suggests Ezra. "We'll try ssomething new."

Nerai nods at Ezra, and talks to Vickers, "Cover Ezra."

"Combat mode. Interpreting order as 'fire at enemies approaching Ezra'," intones Vickers, as it retargets the shambling zombies.

The combat golem has been useful, muses Ezra as he invokes the power of his magic. First one gargoyle, then another. This city is rotten to the core with the Scourge's minions and creations. He pauses in satisfaction. Something rotten must be cleansed, and nothing cleanses quite like fire.

The party advances by degrees through the streets of Stratholme. A final gargoyle perches on the King's Square fountain, but another volley of arrows renders it immobile, leaving it vulnerable, this time, to Kagarn's lightning striking with the full wrath of the elements, sundering the corrupted stone.

Taking stock of his remaining mana gems, Ezra lets out a sigh. "Sso much energy wassted on useless trash," he muses. "Sstill, this is enough for sseveral minutess of uninterrupted sstealth, yess." In a formal tone he pronounces the syllables of the magic that will hide Saeren and gift her with flight over the rooftops. Then, in Darnassian: "Go with Elune, sentinel, and bring back that which is precious to me. I have asked much of all of you. I hope I have given enough in payment."

Saeren smiles at Ezra, "You have given me more than I will ever be able to express."

"You're bad at expression anyway," quips the wizard. "Good luck."

With Saeren leaving for her mission, Ezra and the others locate a house which isn't on fire at the moment, and which can be barricaded fairly easily. This should avoid detection from the roving undead and give them all time to recharge, re-arm and prepare for what comes next.