> (OOC) Log "Tides-2010-12-05" started by Ezra at Sun Dec 5 08:10:17 2010 CST (OOC)

The word has gone out.

Velen studies the carefully-folded hand-written letter given to him by Ezra after their initial meeting. His glowing eyes narrow. The Hand of Argus is called in; their vindicators look at the letter as well, and one places hand to hilt before Velen restrains him with a glance. "It's better this way," the aged prophet announces at last. "Old injuries must be forgotten. Prepare for the conclave."

A crow wings its way through Moonglade and alights on the branch of a tree, near the resting place of Tyrande Whisperwind. The tree shakes its branches slightly in irritation, and grumbles at the presumption of the crow, but falls silent when Tyrande lifts her hand and bids it speak. And in Darnassian, the shapeshifted druid relates a message, and a destination.

In the tower of Theramore, the paladin Jonah Claremont presents a message to Jaina Proudmoore. "From my brother paladins in the Argent Dawn," he explains. Jaina reads the missive carefully, and lets out a sigh.

In the Pools of Vision beneath Thunder Bluff, Cairne Bloodhoof studies the Forsaken scholar through narrowed eyes, shaking his mane from time to time as the creature speaks. "Ve haf receifed vord from our brozers in de east," the Forsaken apothecary explains. "Dere iz to be a conclave off de Horde and de Alliance von Kalimdor. You are requested to be in attendance, as emissary von de tauren. Ve haff prepared a portal to transport you and your party upon your signal."

And in Orgrimmar, the Kor'kron are selecting weapons, telling each other crude stories, and debating the merits of orc women when Thrall's signal comes. "Kor'kron vanguard will fall in to escort the Warchief to the Exodar!" the messenger announces. The elite soldiers respond immediately, with military precision. Their sergeant barks orders, and the orc war machine mobilizes. Even diplomacy can lead to armed conflict, they reason, if things go well.

---

Portal after portal has opened on the grounds where the Exodar crashed. Half a dozen or so people, on average, emerge. Jaina has brought her aide, Pained, and Jonah. Thrall and Vol'jin march with a panoply of their elite Kor'kron soldiers. Cairne and his shamans and hunters walk with quiet dignity. Tyrande and her sentinels keep their distance.

Other representatives are already on site, and now receive their visitors. Velen, along with his vindicators and exarchs, representing the draenei. Two lamia women, who bear and wear no heraldry but whose allegiance is clearly no longer with the naga. The paladins of the Argent Dawn. Krasus, of the Kirin Tor. And a man in black coat and hat who watches the visitors arrive through glowing eyes.

"Sylvanas Windrunner is not here," observes Thrall, after a few minutes of unspoken tension releases itself. "She will come shortly, yes," assures Ezra.

"Please enter the Exodar and be welcome," Velen announces, sweeping a hand toward the ramp which leads into the craft. His myriad guests begin to enter the fallen craft, under the vigilant eyes of the armed draenei.

---

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Ssatha will be one of the lamia, with the other being her aide."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "So I'm not relaly prepared to take the reins yet - I'm bad at openings."

Before the massed population of the Exodar - draenei, Broken, and a few night elves who have stayed on - Lady Ssatha and her aide are the first to speak. Velen's deputy welcomes them, then clears the stage. In brief, Ssatha explains the genesis of her and her kind. She speaks of the chalices of the naga, and of the counter-chalice that's been responsible for the creation of her and her kind.

"We are no longer night elf, high elf, or Highborne," she explains. "Though many of us revere Elune, or practice arcane magic, we are no longer party to the old rivalries that pitted elf against elf. Like the Forsaken, we emerged from tragedy and conflict as people who wish recognition. We thank the elves for their hospitality, but we must stand apart from the Alliance and the Horde at this time. In the war against the naga, though, we are your allies."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "next up is Cairne. In a sentence or two can you summarize his position?"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "IC or OOC, I can pose a good version of it if necessary"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I'm not sure what you're asking here."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "RL explanation make sense?"

The aged tauren chieftain is the next to speak. "Allies we sorely need," says Cairne Bloodhoof. "The naga press their advantage in Desolace, and we are barely holding the line in Feralas. The battle is already joined on Kalimdor's western shore, and we are honored to work with the kaldorei to defend it from the minions of the seas." He nods to Tyrande Whisperwind in acknowledgment.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "right on. :D"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "segue to Tyrande?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Indeed..."

Tyrande bows in recognition. "The best that we can do at this time is to hold the line," she explains softly. "At this time, I regret to say that.. the full force of the night elves cannot be directed at the naga threat." She looks from face to face. "This is not due to the orcs. Indeed, there have been very promising moments of cooperation in Azshara and elsewhere. Your people are capable fighters, warchief."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "like that?"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "k. Jaina? I'm having Thrall go last."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "And Jaina... hmm, let's see. Well, there are murlocs all up and down the Theramore coast, so she's probably got her hands full keeping open the supply lines to Northwatch. Though Tiragarde and their detente with the Horde probably deserves mention. Andreas remains grateful to those who saved his men."

"They are forgiving to their enemies as well," adds Jaina Proudmoore, next to speak. She steps forward. "Theramore, and other humans present on the coast - like the men of Tiragarde - is fully committed to holding off murloc incursions. But it's very taxing." She bites her lip briefly, glancing at Pained; the elf gives the briefest nod of encouragement. "The coastline from Durotar to Northwatch Keep is under steady observation, and we've even dragooned a few of the pirates into helping us. A lot of the coastal dwellers have strong feelings about the naga and their chalice."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "By the way, the pirates in question are mostly the Blackwater Raiders. The Bloodsails have /not/ been cooperative."

Vol'jin speaks now for the trolls. "De Darkspear tribe be supportin' de warchief in dis matter," he announces tersely. "Me bruddah trolls in otha tribes, dey not be allyin' wit de naga unless dey forced to drink from dat cup. Dat strong voodoo, mon. You kill dem, no hesitation." He falls silent, leaving behind a somewhat troublesome atmosphere.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "I didn't figure he'd have much else. :D it's not like the Echo Isles are gonna clear themselves off, though, so he has something to gain here."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "True. Though you never know but what Zalazane might ally with the naga, or be chaliced."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "in which case Vol'jin has a ready made army to crush that shit, so I'd be surprised if he didn't fedex a chalice to the islands himself"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "but it's not like he's gonna say that here, so :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anyhoo, we can move on. Darkspears aren't very numerous, even now."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "Velen. I got something for him to do, but anything from you first?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Not really."

The prophet Velen is next to speak. "We have been unwelcomed by the naga since our advent," he announces dryly. This sparks a ripple of sardonic laughter from the assembled draenei. "We stand with all those who oppose the naga takeover of this world. Including the orcs." It's at this point that some murmurs of disapproval begin to rise. In anticipation of them, however, the elderly priest gestures to the warchief Thrall. "You, sir, I am told, command the elements and the spirits. A shaman of the orcish people. Will you tell us more?"

This stirs up more discussion in the crowd, but less overtly hostile, more confused. Thrall steps forward.

From his belt the big orc withdraws two sticks, ritually carven with glyphs and sigils in Kalimag. He throws them down, where they seemingly take root of their own accord and begin to pulse with energy. Totems. "People of Argus!" calls Thrall. "Yes, I know that name. Like us, you've come to this world. You've found yourselves under assault by those under a dark and terrible curse - just like you did on your home." He need not explain just who that cursed force was; every draenei in the room knows.

From the totems, lightning and clouds begin to emerge. "A storm is brewing over Azeroth," the warchief announces. "The elements are out of balance. It falls to us to right this wrong. To all of us."

"People of the Exodar, emissaries of the Alliance. There are elements of the Horde which are not yet fully committed to the fight. As the priestess of Elune said, not all our houses are fully in order--" Thrall stops, glancing left. A new party is pushing its way through the throng. The orc's lips widen in a smile, exposing his tusks. "Sylvanas. I was wondering when you were going to join us."

"We had a gift for you. There was some debate about how to properly wrap it," the Banshee Queen replies with a sardonic smile. She steps aside; her Forsaken aides trot forward, carrying a heavy jar. They open it and expose the contents to the assembled emissaries. Inside is the preserved head of the dreadlord, Varimathras.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "any comments or feedback at this time is welcome :)"

The commanders of the Horde and Alliance themselves remain outwardly serene - at least, most of them - but their entourage erupts in furious mumbling. Some of the night elves seem about to speak, but Thrall raises a hand, and silence falls again. Into the silence, he speaks. "It is always good to see a member of the Legion fall," he says. "But the tale of _this_ one's downfall is... of greater than usual interest." He raises an eyebrow and nods to Sylvanas.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "tell me when done :D"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Thrall is encouraging Sylvanas to explain /why/ Varimathras is dead. He doesn't want to make any assumptions, not on something like this."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "If you like, I can take up the tale."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "up to you :)"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "I have a version if you don't feel lke it"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "If you would be so kind? :)"

"Varimathras was.. if not an ally, then a useful convenience," explains Sylvanas. "In a time when the Forsaken had been betrayed and were without friends, I chose to make use of him. And he was useful - he was, of course, the magnet for any conspiracy that might arise amongst my people. And when such a conspiracy arose, he placed himself at the center of it. Just as I'd planned." She pats the jar gently with a discolored hand. "And so we cut off the head of the beast, you might say."

Thrall briefly glances at Ezra, then back at Sylvanas. "Conspirators ... allying with the naga?" he asks knowingly, and the deceased high elf nods. "They have been dealt with, Warchief. Their leader was duped - deceived - and has now come to regret his decision. His loyalty is mine once again."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "my assumption is that this will go over well, overall. correct me, or I'll pose accordingly :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "It is... accepted, yes. :)"

Thrall nods. "Very well! Then it seems that the Horde stands together... with one possible exception." Again he glances at Ezra for a moment. "It's come to our attention that blood elves have been working with naga on our homeworld. Now called 'Outland' after being shattered. Is this so?"

A few draenei step forward, having been prepared to speak of this. "We have observed the naga allying with the forces of Kael'thas Sunstrider, leader of the blood elves," their leader reports stiffly. "Blood elf saboteurs, in fact, were responsible for a great loss of life among our fellows when the Exodar crashed."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "I'm not going to put a specific resolution to this in here yet."

> (OOC) Ezra says, "But Ezra is going to do his shapeshifter schtick and talk about something real quick here, assuming they give him the floor?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I think that's reasonable."

"This bears discussion," Thrall rumbles. "This is a matter for the Horde to resolve, although we should not conceal it from those with whom we'll be fighting against Nazjatar. We will speak of it further."

The orc withdraws his totems; his demonstration of shamanic mastery has raised enough eyebrows and quieted enough dissent that his next announcement does not automatically provoke the draenei. "Ezra Pyreborn, step forth." As the wizard obeys, Thrall continues. "You have rendered service to the Horde, and in particular you seem to have something to do with the resolution of the Forsaken issue. Your letter speaks of a gift you wish to bring to the Horde. Speak."

Ezra casts a collection of sticks and twigs from his coat upon the clear center where the emissaries have been standing. With a muttered incantation he lights them with magical fire. "Lok'tar Ogar!" he shouts. "Thiss iss the battlecry of the Horde. It means, 'victory or death'. I come to you today to sspeak of the Ssacred Fire."

"Behold," he says, gesturing to the little flame which has begun to grow. "The sspark lit here will never sstop growing until it has conquered the wood, or it is doused. And even then, the sslightest ember may reignite the flame. Here, my friends, you ssee the truesst and puresst expression of that battle-cry. Fire will never ssurrender. It will conquer or die."

"I come to you today to ssay that thiss ssame fighting sspirit is in the heartss of the orcs, the tauren, the Forssaken, the trolls, and the blood elves. The Horde have tassted it, yess." He pauses, looking from face to face among the assembled draenei. "I tell you now that the draenei know ssomething like it as the Light. It iss not the ssame, for the ssame reason that no two people are alike. For each of you, there iss some perssonal power within your heart."

"We are the ssunlight and the fire, my friends. We nurture and we desstroy." The wizard paces around his little bonfire, watching his audience carefully. "We ssometimes war amongst ourselves, but.. we are not the enemy, no. The cursed children of Dagun are the true enemy. We musst unite and fight. And we musst draw on that power within our heartss. Lesst you think thiss iss merely words..."

Ezra draws out his power, taking the form of the desert and and re-emerging as a living human. "The Forsaken may live again!" he proclaims. "The naga may be spared their horrible fate, as the lamia now attest. The orcs already found the strength to break their bonds, and since then they have aided the tauren and the Darkspear. This power in our hearts is real, my friends. For some, the Light is enough to answer our call for strength. For others, I offer you today the Sacred Fire. The purity of flame. The wisdom to burn in the service of life. The primal power of victory or death!"

> (OOC) Ezra says, "how's that go over? o\_o"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "posing."

Some of those assembled here have already seen this transformation; Tyrande and Sylvanas merely nod in recognition, as do Krasus and the Argent paladins. But of the others, none are entirely unmoved. Even the imperturbable Velen raises an eyebrow in fascination, and Cairne, Thrall, and Jaina are visibly astonished. The orc shaman, in particular, looks Ezra up and down with renewed respect. "It seems that my people are not the only ones who have found redemption in the power of the elements," he says reverently.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "wrapping up now."

---

What is to be done about Silvermoon and the blood elves? The Horde will discuss it, and notify their allies of necessity. Ezra has been tasked with a return to Lordaeron: Tranquillien and the Ghostlands may still harbor naga loyalists of the Forsaken. Fandral Staghelm and the fate of Teldrassil are not spoken of. Many open issues remain. But it's clear that for now the Forsaken are more welcome among the Horde than before, and that old enemies are at least willing to work together.

> (OOC) Ezra says, "And here goes yet another effort on my part to shoehorn in Tirion Fordring!"

"Eitrigg should have been here," muses Thrall, speaking to Krasus of the Kirin Tor. "I thought to ask your assistance in arranging his teleportation here, but he's busy on other matters. Still, he'd have a great laugh from seeing so many blood enemies in the same room. Him and that old Paladin he talked about."

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2010-12-05" stopped by Ezra at Sun Dec 5 10:13:36 2010 CST (OOC)