> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-07-31" started by Sookie at Sun Jul 31 17:48:11 2011 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Last time, Saeren was able to spot a lot of activity on the island where the naga are camped out. want to head back and report to Grom'gol?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Sure, I'm going to pop open the log so I can make it accurately. I believe there were details in there."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Got it :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM has disconnected.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Oh, you may want to remove your 'say', Sookie."

> (OOC) Sookie did

> (OOC) Saeren says, "kk"

> (OOC) TidesGM has connected.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "How will we travel back to Grom'gol? Portal or airship or on foot?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "it's a matter of a few miles. The ambush party came in canoes and can head back to the beach, where they'll have some raptor mounts waiting for you"

The voyage back to Grom'gol is largely uneventful. The canoes move with a silence on the water that even Saeren admires, and after talking to the Lamia to bring them up to speed, the raid force heads back to Grom'gol. Saeren scouts ahead and covers their tracks, Shade's impressive speed more than enough to allow her to give the appearance of being many places at the same time.

> (OOC) TidesGM has disconnected.

> (OOC) Sookie kicks in.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "okie :)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I have to make a quick call as well.. it's my nephew's birthday ^^"

> (OOC) TidesGM has connected.

> (OOC) Nerai is your nephew?

The gates of Grom'gol lift to admit the travelers, hoisted aloft by straining ropes and muscular orcs. Commander Aggro'gosh receives news about the attack, and rubs his burly hands together. "It'll be hours at least before those finned freaks shake off their surprise and decide to go hunting," he declares. To the contingent of troll scouts just now waking up for their shift, he gives new orders: deploy up the coastline. Wait for signs of movement from the isle. Signal when movement is discerned, then return to the base camp.

"And now, rest and prepare yourselves," the commander announces, once those preparations are complete. "You travelers have shown your cunning. There'll be time for glory later."

Kagarn and Sookie returned from the Bilgewater Cartel's ships; briefly, Kagarn outlines the situation, and what the goblins believe: that the supply shipments and the murloc attacks are linked. The naga send their fish-man minions to disrupt goblin cannoneers so that their construction supplies and equipment can be brought from ocean to beach and hauled inland.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "open pose"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. goin ahead with something for Nerai:"

---

Grom'gol Base Camp is a port town for the Horde. Far up the coastline is Westfall, held by the Alliance. But humans can't hold jungle effectively, and so supplies to Horde outposts such as Stonard are able come through here. Zeppelins from Booty Bay did brisk business with the orcs until Booty Bay itself was taken over, and a handful of the hardy craft are still stationed at the towers with goblin cargo aboard.

A collaboration between Kragg and the travelers yields the details of the ambush. If the naga do indeed send forces inland, two teams will be formed. The first is a foothold team, who will fly via zeppelin to the area where the ambush will take place. Using gate magic, along with a teleportation beacon opened at Grom'gol, they will open a portal back to the camp, and deal with any troll attacks which take place. Through that gate will come the second and larger team who will be performing the actual ambush. Any wounded members of the foothold team can also be sent back at that time.

Behind the high and strongly fortified wooden walls, the members of the Horde prepare with gusto. Nimboya's trolls slide braces of knives into the well-oiled leather sheaths of their war-harnesses. Orcs polish their axes with loving care. Kragg strings and restrings his junglewood bow, examines his arrows thoroughly, and speaks in hushed tones to the tame raptor which accompanies him. The living and growing things of Stranglethorn have been carefully cataloged and studied, it seems: fully two thirds of the fighters preparing for battle are pocketing glass or ceramic vials of various concoctions, or stringing amulets of bone and weed around their necks, or carefully packing away pressed jungle herbs.

Goblins are busy at the top of the zeppelin tower. In an uncharacteristic display of safety awareness, they've accepted the plan as presented: one zeppelin, with Ezra and almost a dozen other spellcasters and their guards, will be sent first, and one other will be on standby to rescue survivors in the event of a crash or a serious attack. The first zeppelin has undergone its necessary maintenance and is ready to leave at any time. The second one is being frantically prepped for an emergency launch. It takes the threat of Aggro'gosh's twin axes to make them break open the supply stores bound for Booty Bay in order to get enough spare parts for the combat preparations the plan demands, but eventually two zeppelins are battle-ready and supercharged.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. Nerai, drop that line again here?"

Nerai is hidden away in the secondary zepplin, directing the frantic efforts to get it air-worthy in time. She's somewhat self satisfied at being the director for a grew of Goblins. There is some amount of talkback, and manhandling ot be done, but, this is still Nerai's people, and the work proceeds quickly.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Ooooh. "

> (OOC) Nerai says, "I didn't realise that Saerens bit was pre your bit. gomen nasai."

Among the goblins, there's some grumbling. Not about which cartel is going to win this week's Oafageddon matches, nor about how much money they are losing by the hour doing all this charity work for the Horde. What the goblins are talking about now is the takeover of Booty Bay. The Steamwheedle Cartel's existence is in danger thanks to the naga, and the Bilgewater are actively denying the servants of Dagun their supplies. Goblins are coming together for one crucial purpose: the resumption of profit. And yet, Nerai hears just as much about friends, relatives, business partners, or others thought lost in the southern port town as she hears about money.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "resume open pose. If people have business they want to get done before the ambush starts, this is the time. if nobody else does, I do :)"

Nerai does her share of mingling. No direct questions, she doesn't want to give them the satisfaction of charging for information she can glean for free, but enough is said about her clan, and the various power struggles to keep her up to date. She also hears a few yarns about Ironforge. Hearing the Goblins try and both curse and praise the Dwarven work bring Nerai to giggles more than once.

There seems to be something else: several members of the Bilgewater Clan are already actively betting on dwarven markets opening up. Apparently there's been some outlandishly outrageous goblin making in-roads with Ironforge. With that level of goodwill, a trade agreement is sure to follow!

Nerai silently grins at this, but says nothing, of course.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "anyone else?"

Kaliera retires to the quarters they are given, setting them for comfort, laying out some food for when people arrive, as well as a half-dozen bottles of a dwarven beer called "Orcslayer" (so named because it's so strong you can give a bottle to an orc, he'll drink it, and die).

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "We're still in Grom'gol, right?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "yes, you're still on Namek"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Because any orc who sees those bottles is going to consider that a challenge."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "a challenger is about to appear"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "excellent."

Kaliera considers the situation, and sits down, to wait to see if anyone appears.

There's some sort of presence nearby. The orcs here have been none too friendly - even with Ezra's rebuke, it may be that one or more of them will decide that having a draenei about is too much, and break discipline.

Everyone is, after all, tense - they're about to leave to ambush a naga expeditionary force, if Ezra's and Aggro'gosh's predictions were accurate.

Kaliera is determined to be pleasant, polite, and nonviolent. (Sleep is a nonviolent spell, after all.) So if anyone challenges her... well, she won't allow herself to die, but she's not going to be starting anything.

And so Kaliera turns away from the window of her quarters, distracted by a noise or motion. Realizing that something else is behind her, she turns back - to find Sookie, mouth already working on a slice of bread, hand on a second. Sookie freezes, staring up like a defiant tomcat who got into the milk.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Sorry about that, back now.."

Kaliera smiles. "Would you like some roast boar with that?" There's pieces of that, and some dwarven mustard, and an odd Draenei seasoning made from pressed fruits, and a small bottle, still closed, of Darnassian kimchi.

Sookie shovels the rest of the bread into her mouth with her teeth, and warily gnaws on the other as well. Still locking eyes with the draenei, she reaches for the boar with all the caution of a warrior facing an army of enemies.

Kaliera nods. "Would you like something to drink? I have beer, water, and I think I have some wine." She starts to rummage in her pouch, arm going in deeper than the pouch should allow.

Sookie breaks off eye contact. "'Orcslayer'." She thinks it over for a second. "Sound pretty strong." She reaches for a bottle, slides it closer, and starts to take a drink.

Kaliera says, "The dwarves think so. I just made sure I had some around in case I needed beer for people." She shrugs. "Is there anything you'd like me to get next time I shop for things?"

Sookie exhales strongly after her first drink. "Venison," she announces, staring at the bottle and breathing experimentally. "Hey, you look like demon. Not see demon in lots of years." She gets to her feet, then takes another bottle on impulse. "Saeren try this. Come on, we go." She heads out, looking for the archer.

Kaliera says, "There are some demons that used to be part of my people." She follows. "All right, then. I suppose we can take some out."

> (OOC) Saeren poses on in..

Saeren isn't not terribly hard to find. Just follow the noise. It helps that the Lamia generally stick close to her, as well. She's currently standing toe-to-toe with a massively muscled orc, training in the gentle art of the axe. The night elf seems to fill up all her spare moments of late with some kind of training or another.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "When with orcs, do as the orcish do."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Do orcs ever use great axes, or only one handers?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "they'll use both"

"Na, Saeren!" calls Sookie. "Demon here has somethin' called Orcslayer! Come try it!"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "That's certainly one way to get the attention of a group of orc warriors surrounding a sparring ring."

As one, the orcs watching the training yard turn to look at Sookie.

Kaliera says, "my name is Kaliera," protestingly, and then seeing the orc... does not in fact facepalm, but gets a small pinched expression on her face."

The night elf and her trainer break away due to the distraction. Saeren nods respectfully to the orc and calls out, "I doubt anything short of a deadly alcohol is going to phase this lot." She adds some short, more colorful comment in broken orcish which restores the good humor of at least some of the warriors. "Anyway, it sounds like a challenge, doesn't it?"

> (OOC) Saeren poses more.

The orc training Saeren nods his head curtly and his voice is as gentle as the crash of a falling tree. "No drink defeats an orc." He pushes forward, sweeping his fellow warriors out of the way so roughly that they fall to the ground. In his wake, Saeren follows, the Lamia following with bemused looks on their faces.

Kaliera says, "Well, I have played drinking games with dwarves. I should expect orcs to be a greater challenge. Should I go get the rest of the bottles?"

The orc smiles, "You are going to need them."

Kaliera nods, runs off and returns with them.

When Kaliera returns, Saeren moves close and asks, "Are you sure you are up to this? I've never been one to boast of drinking."

Kaliera smiles. "I have **won** drinking games with dwarves."

Saeren nods. She then turns to Sookie, "And how about you?"

Sookie meanwhile has finishing off her own drink, and manages to fall to the ground in answer. Staring up, she shades her eyes and tries to make out Saeren's face. "Whuh?"

"Well, I guess that explains that." Behind Saeren, the orcs have already pulled up a rough table and some chairs for the contest to take place. Fittingly, it sits in the sparring ring as well. "So, it is time to see how this will play out."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Kaliera vs. orcs in a drinking game. Things I never anticipated happening before a battle. Hah! :D"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "those who are participating, I have a couple rules."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "1. it's an HT roll to hold your liquor, plus any Alcohol Tolerance bonuses."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I think I'm going to stay out of this one. Saeren's no master of drink :D"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "2. +2 for anyone who can come up with a convincing or clever way to stay standing."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "http://www.pandoraslair.org/content/kaliera - Alcohol Tolerance!"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "And no hangover. Nice! :D"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "free +2 then. ROUND 1 FAITO"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "orcs:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 15 (5 4 6) vs. 13, failing by 2

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sookie:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 12 (6 1 5) vs. 12, succeeding by 0

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Kaliera, go for it. and come on Saeren, you can do it :D"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "You guys are horrible.."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "how do I do the roll for that?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Alright, alright.. I have a TEN, so.."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "'roll 3d on 15' - HT 13 +2 for Alcohol Tolerance"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 10 (3 4 3) vs. 10, succeeding by 0

> (OOC) Kaliera rolls 3d for 8 (4 3 1) vs. 15, succeeding by 7

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Mwahahaha."

> (OOC) Saeren poses..

Saeren, despite her best judgment, gives in to peer pressure and steps up to the table. She drinks deeply, wearing a face that accurately depicts how she feels. Assuming she feels like she just ate a writhing eel. She wavers on her feet, but by some trick of night elven blood and sheer iron will manages to stay on her feet.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Can't believe the orc wasted himself on the first glass :D"

Victory goes to the Alliance in the first pass. Several more orcs have joined in, with Saeren and Sookie both managing to hang on. Kaliera, however, passes easily, and notes a few grudging raised bottles in salute from the green-skinned Horde.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "other poses welcome! moving to the second round in a moment :)"

> (OOC) Saeren adds one more.. for Lamia.

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 11 (5 5 1) vs. 12, succeeding by 1

Saeren is joined by one of her new friends. The Lamia seems far more up to the task than the night elf, managing to take the drink with only a slight twist of the lips. "I don't quite see the point, Saeren, of drinking something so foul." She turns with a start as a massive orc falls backwards, his body heavy enough to crash right through an empty weapon rack.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "round 2 sanjo!"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "orcs:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 12 (4 2 6) vs. 13, succeeding by 1

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sookie:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 14 (4 4 6) vs. 12, failing by 2

"It's a matter of endurance," notes Saeren. "And a show of friendship to engage in this contest." At least that is what Saeren wants to say. A few of the words are rather lost in the alcohol, leaving the Lamia looking confused and then amused.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Saeren, then Lamia.."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 10 (2 3 5) vs. 10, succeeding by 0

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 11 (3 2 6) vs. 12, succeeding by 1

Kaliera drains her bottle in what seems to be a single pull, showing minimal effects. She takes a second bottle and tries to do the same.

> (OOC) Kaliera rolls 3d for 13 (5 6 2) vs. 15, succeeding by 2

Once more Saeren and the Lamia raise their drinks. And again, Saeren manages to stay on her feet. At least enough to pass the round. "This is getting easier!" she calls out loudly. Or something that sounds vaguely like that. The Lamia looks at her curiously, "This drink does seem to make one at least attempt to be more sociable."

Sookie is still young, and this is likely the first solid alcoholic experience of her life. She wobbles over in Saeren's direction, points a finger at her, looks ready to deliver one of her angry tirades, and collapses next to where the elf sits.

The orcs have brought in their big guns: a pair of burly, battle-scarred fighters with gold teeth and signs of troll ritual scarring on their chests. Pushing their inebriated comrades out of their seats, they take a place and chug with zest.

"Kagarn is definitely not going to approve," notes Saeren. "And thank goodness Ezra isn't here.. I'm not sure Forsaken can even get drunk."

Kaliera says, "It would be interesting to see, though"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "final round. FAITO"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "orcs:"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 9 (1 3 5) vs. 13, succeeding by 4

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sookie is dead"

Kaliera takes a moment to cheer for the burly orcs

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 9 (3 3 3) vs. 10, succeeding by 1

> (OOC) Sookie says, "it's up to Saeren, Kaliera and the lamia to bring it home!"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 6 (1 3 2) vs. 12, succeeding by 6

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Wow, go Lamia!"

> (OOC) Kaliera rolls 3d for 9 (6 2 1) vs. 15, succeeding by 6

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Alliance victorious! Pose your successful battle against unconsciousness"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Any Lamia that wins a drinking contest deserves a name.. so.. Mirien it is."

Saeren takes the third bottle with more than a little wariness. The downing of it comes fast, aided by the fact that she can't taste it at all, nor accurately control the flow of the drink. At her side, the Lamia Mirien finishes with complete ease, looking almost as unphased as Kaliera.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "gotta afk to eat, too! bbiab"

Kaliera grins. "To the valiant orcs!" she cries out, slamming the bottle down.

"To the draenei and their drinks!" roar the surviving orcs in turn. Those who are asleep, unconscious, or merely slow to avoid it are cuffed and kicked awake, then quickly berated for disgracing the honor of orcdom.

Kaliera checks Sookie, as to whether she's drunk, really going to be ill, or just needs to be taken to her bed to sleep it off.

The girl is fast asleep, snoring loudly, and likely to be in pain when she recovers. She just drank for the experience, with no sign of moderation at all.

Kaliera clucks a bit, and picks Sookie up, looking at Saeren and Mirien. "I will take her to bed. I expect you two will be all right for a bit?"

"Hold," says one of the orcs, for Sookie has started to mumble something in her sleep. It sounds like the lyrics of a gentle and soft song, uncharacteristically so because she is singing it in orcish. The brawler steps forward, reaching out with well-muscled arms. "I will tend to her," he offers in a quiet voice.

Kaliera hands Sookie over, and bows. "I thank you."

The orc grins widely, showing off sizeable tusks. "I haven't seen my daughter in months," he explains. "To hear this lullabye is.. well." He accepts the sleeping girl and heads off.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "anything else you guys want to get done?"

> (OOC) Nerai is good.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "not right now, no"

---

Aggro'gosh has forbade any of the spellcasters from participating in the debauchery, and Ezra and Kagarn have stayed away as well. There is a reason for this: they are part of the foothold team, who will be heading into the dangerous, monster-infested jungle to set up a portal back to Grom'gol.

Now their time has come. The scouts start to report back: the naga are finally on the move. They're heading inland, as the plan predicted they would. The call goes out: "Lok'narash! Arm yourselves, warriors of the Horde!" More scouts report in too: no sign of naga observers close enough to watch the zeppelin's departure. Within a few minutes, all of Grom'gol is prepared. "Foothold team! Double-time!" barks Kragg. Ezra, his fellow magic-users, and their guards hustle up the zeppelin ramp and board the waiting craft. There's a tremendous roar and a breeze as the powerful propellers, backed by phlogiston-powered engines, spin up to full speed. Mooring lines are thrown off, and the zeppelin takes to the air.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "last call! if nothing, we're done for the day."

Kaliera prepares her gear for possible fighting, and makes sure that there's breakfast for the others before they go.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "handing over to GM"

As the zeppelin recedes into the distance, Kragg watches it go from his perch atop the zeppelin tower, then looks down at a bottle in his hand. He snorts contemptuously, then chugs the bottle in one go - and his eyes go wide. The orc looks at it again, then looks down at Kaliera with newfound respect.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I'm assuming Kaliera's at ground level."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if XP is being handed out, this is a time. otherwise I think we're done :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Kaliera, any brief response? It'll be that, one more pose, then I'll wrap."

> (OOC) Kaliera is at ground level, yes.

Kaliera doesn't see it - she's looking in the wrong direction - but if she did, her response would be just a small smile and nod of acknowledgement.

Atop the tower, Kragg suddenly laughs, and hurls the bottle from the top of the tower with all his might. It flies beyond the walls and smashes against the rocks near the shore. Apparently satisfied, Kragg heads down the ramp, singing an old Orcish drinking tune.

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Ezra - 1

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Nerai - 1

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Kaliera - 1

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 1

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 1

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-07-31" stopped by TidesGM at Sun Jul 31 20:34:53 2011 CDT (OOC)