It is Ezra who is the first to conceive of a plan for reclaiming the denizens of Tiragarde Keep from the Old Ones. His plan is straightforward and direct, yet crafty and devious - much like the man himself.

As Andreas' experience shows, the Old Ones' curse requires that its victims have regular access to seawater, lest the dark god's grip on their minds weaken and fade. This means that, when the time comes for the Tiragardians to launch an assault on the mainland, they must bring seawater with them, and not just for physical sustenance, as with ordinary supplies.

Thus, Andreas will return to the Keep and convince his compatriots that now is the time to strike. And when they set out, with their seawater in tow, Andreas will be in a prime position to introduce a soporific drug into the casks. The would-be invasion force will then be ripe for the plucking by a Horde ambush from Razor Hill, and with minimal casualties on both sides, at that. Once captured, it will be a simple matter for the humans to be deprived of seawater and then cleansed of their dark taint by the Horde druids and shamen.

Andreas, naturally, has dire misgivings about this plan. He has spent much of his adult life in distrust of the Horde, and most of the past five years actively plotting to assault them. But now, after having seen what his pact with the naga and murlocs has done to his own people - including forcing him to assault his former friends - he has begun to see that there are worse things that can happen to his people than the Horde; especially with Jonah's assurances that the Horde can be trusted to uphold their end of the bargain.

"But there's another problem with this plan," adds Andreas. "Without Ssatha, the murlocs are in charge of the Keep, and... I think, even after all these years of serving under me, I fear that my men will obey them rather than me. Especially since I've been away long enough, presumed captured. I _might_ be able to convince them that I wasn't turned away from the Old Ones, but I don't know if I can get them to follow me without the cooperation of the murlocs."

Ezra has thought of this contingency as well. "Oh, in that case," he smiles casually, waving a hand, "the Horde will simply come to your keep and exterminate your men as they probably would anyway, given your plans. If you think you can't handle it, just sit here safely."

Zul'Houngan is listening to the explanation of the plan from both sides, watching as his 'human' friend and new human 'friend' discuss the plans. Zul's a bit wary. Too much depends on people putting the greater good ahead of personal glory. And in his, admittedly short, experience, this never works out. He only huffs his objections, however, just a sigh every once in a while, eyes rolling over the two. What other choice do they have?

Andreas holds up a hand. "The Horde will suffer many losses attacking the Keep, as you well know, especially with the murlocs to reinforce my men. I'm sure they'll think it's worth the bother, after that message you sent, but... I like your plan better. We just need to find some way around the problems, that's all."

Ezra shrugs. "You're the murloc expert here. Tell us how to get them to trust us," he suggests. "I have ideas, but.."

Andreas rubs his chin. "Well, the murlocs are paranoid and fanatic, but frankly they aren't all that bright. If you can fool one of 'em into thinking they've got orders that come from the Sea, we've got 'em. They've got a rigid sense of hierarchy too. I can point out their top man, and if you can bring him around, the rest'll fall." He grins broadly. "I don't suppose you've got any magic that'll cloud their minds, do you? Now _that'd_ be ironic..."

Ezra thinks for a moment. "Yes, I know of magic that would fool them into seeing a murloc giving them orders," he says at last. "It would need to be carefully arranged, but it could be done, yes."

Andreas brightens up. "Splendid! I can tell you what they will need to see to be fooled into obeying it. But first..." His eyes narrow, and he looks toward Razor Hill. "I would like to talk to the greensk... I mean, the orcs who are going to be capturing my men. I want to be assured of their honor personally."

"Do they get to be assured of yours?" asks Ezra, not at all masking the sarcasm in his voice.

Zul'Houngan looks over the pair as they converse. A smile draws across his lips. If anything, any sort of council between these two should be rather amusing. Plus perhaps they will come to some sort of understanding. "I think a council will 'elp both sides." He says, rather flatly.

Alea'sha sighs softly. "We will get nowhere if we don't behave reasonably," she says softly. "Meeting face-to-face may be benficial, but if every old wrong will be brought up it is a waste of time. What has happened in the past is over. It is up to us to decide what is to come, and that is what we care about now."

Andreas stops glaring at Ezra for a moment to nod at Alea'sha. "This isn't easy for me, elf. I remember all too clearly what the orcs did to my people when they first came through the Dark Portal. But..." He sighs. "Jonah tells me they're different now. I have to see for myself."

"I know it will be difficult," says Alea'sha gently. "But you know that most things worth doing are not easy. What we face now is a lesson to us. We must find a way past our differences, because there are nightmares that walk just out of sight that threaten everyone. They will not wait on us forever."

The wizard narrows his eyes and looks at Andreas. "You're a fool. The orcs who came through the Dark Portal were cursed with the blood of demons. They were driven out of their minds by a dark power. _Every member of their race_. They were just like you and the murlocs. All of you--" he stops short of 'humans', reminding himself of his place. "All of you Tiragardians. You and the orcs are brothers now."

Andreas leans back from Ezra as if struck. Then his shoulders slump. "Well spoken, mage," he says, sounding more subdued. "I just hope the orcs understand things as you do."

---

When the travelers arrive at the gates of Razor Hill, the guards stand to attention. "Are you the ambassadors that were sent to Tiragarde? We were told to watch this road for a human, a troll, and an elf traveling together, and you fit the description."

"Do we have to tell you what the punchline is to get admitted?" quips Ezra.

"In any case, before you ask, the Sheep ended up on the roof." mumbles Zul.

The guards look puzzled, and one of them waves his axe menacingly. Gate guards are not chosen for their sense of humor, or indeed their quick wit. "Are you th'diplomats or not?" he grunts. "And if y'are, d'you need any help with yer prisoners?" he adds, nodding to Jonah and Andreas.

"Yes, we're the expected group," Ezra says. He produces his raven quickly. "This was the earlier messenger, whether you recognize it or not. Please take us to see your chief."

The guards don't know much about the details of the messenger or the message. They just have orders, and taking the ambassadors to see the chieftain of Razor Hill is right alongside those orders. What does cause them some trouble, though, is Jonah and Andreas. "He's even got Tiragarde colors on," says one of the escorts, pointing a finger at Andreas. "Y'sure you don't want me to put chains on him?" Andreas, for his part, finds his hand moving unbidden to his sword hilt, beginning to have doubts about all this.

"That will not be necessary," says Alea'sha flatly, trying her best not to get annoyed. She looks at Andreas and adds, "Nor will that."

The barely-controlled annoyance in the druid's voice seems to get through to the orc. "All right, all right," he says, backing away. "Whatever ya say." Hackles lower all around, and the group makes its way toward the tall wood-and-hide construction at the center of the orc village.

By the time they all arrive, the village leader, Orgnil Soulscar, is waiting around the firepit, looking astonished. "Commander Andreas," he says, bowing respectfully. "Long have I waited to see you here, but I never expected that it would be under a flag of truce," he says. Apparently word of the confusion outside has preceded the party. "What brings you here?"

For once in his life, Commander Andreas looks ill at ease. The hostile reception he had from Orgnil's guardsmen did not prepare him for this greeting. "I..." the human begins. "My people... need the help of the Horde."

Alea'sha is pleased by the greeting, of course. It's far more than she expected, and while Andreas may be far less comfortable, she's feeling quite relaxed now. "There is a new danger in the field," says the druid. "I think it is best for all involved to act now while it might still be contained."

"Our help?" asks Orgnil, looking puzzled and more than a little angry. "You have sought to make war on our people for years, raiding our farms and villages, and now you seek our help?" He calms a bit, and turns to Alea'sha. "What do you mean, elf? What danger is this you speak of? It must be dire indeed, if it brings the great Commander Andreas to my doorstep."

Zul'Houngan's eyes roll around the room, looking at the position of everyone around him. In case things take a turn for the worst. Despite the way this is going now. He looks between the two. He grunts a bit when the orc asks what danger. Surly the orcs have noticed the Murlocs.

"The power of the sea rises against all of us, Orgnil Soulscar," says Alea'sha. "And while the Murlocs may normally be disorganized and unimpressive foes, the power of an Old God drives them now. They have found a way to snare minds, making slaves of all they subdue. I do not think I need to tell an orc how horrible it is to be enslaved."

"Do not speak lightly of such matters, elf," says Orgnil coldly, curling his lip to further expose one of his impressive fangs - though he nods in acknowlegment of the truth she speaks. Then he turns to Andreas. "So your people were ensnared by the murlocs, then? How did this come to happen?"

Andreas looks uncomfortable. "I..." he begins, and glances at Jonah nervously. His human friend glares back sternly, but says nothing.

"All of us were enslaved by something," Ezra observes, looking from face to face. "Even me." He turns his gaze on Orgnil. "This man has grievances against you. You have grievances against him. All it proves is that brothers quarrel. Listen to him now as a man whose people were enslaved. Listen as a brother. That is what I ask."

Ezra turns then to Andreas. "Tell him honestly. Respect him. He is your support now."

Andreas nods to Ezra, and turns to Orgnil, lowering his head. "It was my fault," he confesses. "The naga came to me, offering me the power to sweep the Horde, not just from Durotar, but from the face of all Azeroth, if I would only follow them. I was foolish, and agreed. And for that... they..." He trails off.

Orgnil finishes the sentence. "And for that, they gave you demon's blood to drink, and thus bound your minds in slavery to them forevermore, and they drove you to make war for their own cause, rather than your own," he says. "The details may change, but the story doesn't. The ambassadors were right - our people truly are brothers in spirit, now." The orc nods. "Yes, we will help you. What is it that we can do?"

---

Razor Hill itself has more than enough military force to handle the ambush, but it does not have enough shamans on hand to purify the many men of Tiragarde, nor is there enough of a supply of soporific poison on hand to put an army to sleep. Fortunately, both of the latter problems are easily solved. A messenger is sent riding south to Sen'jin Village as fast as possible; within three days, a troupe of troll witch doctors will arrive, their totems and their sleeping brews in tow.

This will also give Andreas and Ezra enough time to return to Tiragarde Keep to carry out their part of the plan. Andreas has explained to Ezra what a senior murloc will need to look like... and has warned them of one other thing: it will not be long before the naga send a replacement for Lady Ssatha. "If another naga gets into Tiragarde Keep, we're finished," he says. "I doubt you can carry out another assassination and still leave me with enough credibility to lead my people to their salvation."

The wizard nods slowly. "Well, you should be happy either way. You were prepared to risk their lives in a war against the orcs, weren't you. You can't honestly tell me that you expected no casualties in your little crusade." He pauses, scratching the ground with his foot. "You were okay with that. Right until your seeming allies made you their pawns."

Andreas growls. "Enough, mage," he says. "How long do you intend to go on twisting that knife? Do you have any idea how many of my men are going to curse my name for saving them this way? I _know_ there's more than a few who really _would_ rather die than be saved by the Horde. But I'm going to do this anyway, because fools that they are, they still deserve a chance."

"I will twist until you no longer feel the pain," Ezra says. The two are alone - he has seen to it that they would not be disturbed. "You will fight, and the orcs will fight, and you will all hate. And it will possess you long after you're free of the demon's blood. You strive so much for a position of strength that you ignore the real enemies facing our world. You were a fool. Swallow it and think of the precious lives you want to save. That's all that really matters. And if you think you know the bitterness of an embattled people, you know nothing."

The Veil of Vitality falls from the undead mage. To avoid interfering with the disguise until now, Ezra has gone without his bandages. Now, his putrescent flesh can be clearly seen completely. His necrotized face and scorched cheeks contort into the mockery of a smile. "This is what I am. But I want you to live. I want to help you save the lives of those precious to you. And now you have a weapon against me, if you insist on the cycle of hatred."

Andreas reacts in reflexive horror at Ezra's horribly scarred visage, stumbling backward against a boulder, his sword half drawn before he can even think about it. "Aaagh! What... what _are_ you?" he gasps, his jaw agape. "What the hell happened to you? By the Light... you're a zombie! You're a damn zombie!" He lets the sword fall back into its scabbard. "But.... why?"

"Why what?" Ezra asks quietly. "Why help you?"

Andreas can only nod wordlessly.

Ezra smiles, hunkering down and supporting his elbows on his knees. "Aren't we the same?" he asks. "The Scourge held my will in thrall, until love for my family broke it. Aren't we the same?"

"The... Scourge?" Andreas repeats. "So... so the rumors are true... An undead plague swept our homelands, and King Arthas..." He blinks. "And you were one of them. And now... you're not?" Tiragarde Keep, in its paranoid isolation, has had only tales of the horrors of the Third War, and had dismissed them as Horde propaganda; now, he is confronted with the truth of them at the same time as the existence of the Forsaken. "I... I suppose not everyone believes that."

"Yes. Not everyone believes that." Ezra smiles weakly. "Now.. let's continue..." He rises to his feet, looking away.

Andreas laughs bitterly. "I think you'd better not show that to my troops," he says at last. "They're going to have a hard enough time as it is, trying to learn that the orcs aren't demonspawn. One impossible thing at a time, eh?"

Ezra nods. "Just so."