> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-08" started by TidesGM at Sun May 8 20:13:42 2011 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) Sookie says, "may as well stop it now, I'll feed in the log later."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "hell. copied from screen into a local log, I'll get it to you after and we'll sort it out."

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-08" stopped by TidesGM at Sun May 8 20:14:03 2011 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-08" restarted by Sookie at Sun May 8 22:24:34 2011 CDT (OOC)

Before delving into Uldaman itself, Gravelbeard requests Nerai's assistance as a combat engineer - as she was able to disarm the traps that the Dark Irons had used to defend their own perimeter, her role is now to set traps of her own.

Saeren volunteers to assist as a bodyguard in the event that the engineers meet any Dark Iron resistance, but Kagarn and Sookie remain in camp. It seems that the half-elemental has something on her mind.

When Sookie has something to say to Kagarn that she doesn't want repeated, she's taken to using Kalimag. Unlike her Common, she's fairly intelligible, if strill troubling. "(Master, you should have just said you're a traitor to the Horde when we met. I'm not loyal to the Horde, only to whomever I'm bound to.)"

Kagarn raises a bushy eyebrow. "(I don't recall claiming any loyalty to the Horde or otherwise. But I'm curious. What makes you say I'm a traitor?)"

Sookie ticks off items finger by finger. "(First, you're working with dwarves here, against dwarven enemies. Second, you have a night elf with you. Third, you've gone and helped Alliance towns against the Naga, but Tarren Mill wouldn't work with you, even against them. Fourth, we're heading to some human city and you're not worried about it.)" She shrugs.

Kagarn nods. "(These things you say are true. And to that, I respond: What is the Horde?)"

The girl scowls. "(You know. Horde is orcs, and their allies. The orc clans, fighting against people of this world.)"

Kagarn rubs his horn with a finger. "(A good start. But where is it written that the orc clans must fight against the people of this world?)"

Sookie taps her lips with a finger, looking up at the stone roof. "(The orc clans made a decision to come here, right? I don't think they write anything. But the clans came to wage war. Then.... they lost, and were enslaved, right? And so they are fighting against the people who treated them so badly.)"

The tauren stares into space for a moment. "(The matter is not so simple, in my opinion. But then, I am not an orc. I shall have to arrange for you to meet the orcs soon. Perhaps they can explain to you what _they_ think the Horde now is. You were raised amongst only one clan, and much has happened in the six years since you were sent away from them.)"

Sookie shrugs again. "(Well, you're still not helping orcs, or tauren. You're helping humans, elves and dwarves. But, I don't care.)" She pauses, and looks through the archway to the tunnels beyond. "(Hey, on that note, you should get rid of Saeren.)"

This gets a startled reaction from the usually placid tauren. "(Saeren has saved my life many times. Why should I get rid of her?)"

"(Because.)" Sookie realizes that some explanation will be necessary here. "(First, I can do better than her. Second, she's really confusing me. She says to find less lethal ways to deal with people, but then kills Dark Iron dwarves and such anyway. She's trying to make me look bad to you! And, also, she might get hurt again soon, so it'd be a lot better for her not to go any further.)"

Kagarn looks troubled now, and stares at the cave wall for a long moment. "(I... see,)" he finally says. "(I am not certain I agree with you about her effectivenes or her safety, but this other matter is important. Has she explained to you _why_ she thinks you should be less lethal? Or why she uses lethal means herself?)"

Sookie sighs. "(I guess she thinks that killing is bad or something. I honestly don't understand.)"

Kagarn nods to himself. "(The idea that killing is bad... that is a mortal thing, and it is complex. Would it help if I ask her not to discuss this matter with you further, or to do so only in my presence?)"

"(She's trying to undermine me,)" insists Sookie grumpily. "(If I rely on you, I'll look weak after all. I'll solve this. Out of respect, I won't hurt her unless I have to.)"

"(Then I will give you advice,)" says Kagarn. "(Remind her that you are not a mortal. And I will also give you two commands: Do not feel shame in killing those who threaten you or those you wish to protect; but do not cause pain beyond that needed to kill.)"

Sookie stiffens, shedding her frustrated attitude - she is once again a being taking commands from its director. "(I will comply, master.)"

---

Some of the Dark Iron dwarves' rifles have survived. With Nerai's help, Sookie takes part in a simple chemistry experiment. Several halls away from Dig One, packs of lurking troggs are surprised to find a ball the size of their heads floating unsupported through the air, held aloft by some sort of primal elemental magic. As they sniff at it and yammer at their comrades, a powerful lightning bolt strikes it from far off - igniting the collected gunpowder and shrapnel from the rifles' remnants inside.

The group has two more such spheres. This time, Sookie carries both down parallel tunnels. And as the troggs come to investigate the sudden shockwave which made even the earth tremble, flaming arrows pierce and detonate the pair.

With all the shock and awe of Sookie and Nerai's combined attacks, Saeren is able to pick-off the deaf stragglers with ease. The night elf stays well away from the blasts themselves, using distance and the disorientation of her enemies to full advantage. It helps that she was warned ahead of time, giving her the opportunity to protect her ears just before each explosion.

Nerai's spheres are pretty well constructed, but the unwise flinging of flaming arrows into the bulbs of the explosives have set them off, casing the gunpowder inside to ingnote rappidly, sending a shockwave against the walls, already covered in unstable stalagtites, wich rain down on the hapless troggs, crushed under the falling rock.

Finally, the party reaches the outskirts of the last known camp of the Explorer's League. Saeren waves the party to a halt - they're approaching a set of boulders which form natural cover, with a cleared killing zone in front of it; a few trogg corpses remain as a demonstration. "Tsol!" calls a hostile-sounding dwarven voice from the rocks. "Gni'kiv!" replies Kagarn, having been briefed on the password by Gravelbeard.

"Oh, thank the Titans! We thought the Explorer's League had abandoned us!" A dwarven head peeks out from the rubble. "Boy are we glad to see - bloody hell! Who are ye people?"

"We are adventurers, retained by Ironforge to rescue you and aid you on your archaeological mission," replies Kagarn. "I am Kagarn Stormhoof, and these are my companions," he says, introducing each by name. "And you are?"

"Me name is Baelog," replies the dwarf, as he escorts the adventurers behind the barricade. "This is Eric, and the guy with the beard is Olaf. I'm acting director of the expedition, which basically means I'm responsible for keepin' the three of us alive until someone can help us find Brann an' Chomsky. That someone being you lot, I'm guessin'?"

Nerai nods, "It seems like that's us. We cleared out a Trogg problem you seemed to have. Or at least helped."

"Aye, we heard the blasts from all the way back here," says Baelog, grinning. "That was yer doin' then, lass? We was half afraid it would be the Dark Irons come ta finish us off. What happened ta them, by the way?"

Nerai looks at Saeren, Sookie, then Kagarn. "Us." She smiles, looking at Baelog.

Baelog bows deeply in respect. "Well, here's how it is," he says, laying out a partial map of Uldaman on the rock. "Brann said that just cause we were cut off by Dark Irons and troggs didn't mean we should stop doin' archaeology. He took Chomsky an' his translation gizmo an' snuck off this way, toward what we call the Map Room. He said he figured out the key to the Chamber of Khaz'mul and he intended ta use it. That was three days ago, an' we haven't heard from him since."

Nerai listens to the litany of names and places wash over her. She looks back at Kagarn for support, an unvoice 'huh?' question in her eyes.

"Don't worry, lass," says Baelog. "The hard part o' gettin' to the map room is gettin' through the troggs. A bit much for us three alone, but I venture you lot are up to it. You get us to the Map Room, we'll figure out the rest."

Nerai smiles, "Ah."

---

As promised, the troggs are not an issue to the seasoned adventurers. Several dozen dead troggs later, the expedition arrives at the Map Room. As advertised, the most prominent feature is a stone sculpture in the middle of the floor, in the shape of a miniature depiction of a small city, apparently Uldaman itself as it was originally constructed.

The only anomaly in the three-dimensional map is a hole in the stone dome of a prominent central building, and a yard-long ornately carved stone staff lying atop the diorama.

On the far side of the hall is an enormous set of stone double doors, firmly sealed. Much of the dust on the floor is covered in trogg footprints, but underneath them is a particularly huge set of footprints that ventures from the doors to the middle of the hall, mills around for a while, and then back to the doors again.

Nerai points at the staff, "Did Brann have a staff like that before?" She points at the stone.

"Aye, lass. It's called the Staff of Prehistoria," says Baelog. Eric and Olaf are studying the diorama. "Ach," says Olaf. "Easy enough ta see when ye've got it all together like this. Ye just puts the staff in the hole here, and points the head of the staff at the door. Should be all there is to it."

"Don't do that just yet. Follow me for a moment.." Saeren insists on keeping others close, but behind her as she goes through the chambers, her eyes on the ground. As she goes, the track tells her a story, "Light feet and a heavier step. A dwarf and a gnome moving together, by the look of it. They must have done something to trigger these more massive steps. You can see they were moving faster here as they came into the chamber."

Saeren stops at the closed door. "So.. a golem or something like it chased them. These are not the feet of a giant. They got through this door. And so must we."

Sookie pushes, pulls, and otherwise toys with the door with her hands for a few moments. When that doesn't suffice, she starts mumbling something about "stupid dwarves", and begins battering it with the power of her storm.

The dwarves seem amused by Sookie's efforts - at first. Then her elemental power manifests, and their amusement changes to alarm. "Ach! No lass, stop it! Ye'll damage priceless archaeological artifacts that way!" cries Baelog, rushing forward for a few steps, then shying away in obvious fear of the young woman's power.

"Fine. You open door," retorts the girl, persisting regardless.

Kagarn steps forward, cupping both hands over his muzzle. "Sookie, please desist for a moment," he bellows. "Allow the dwarves to make their attempt."

Sookie finally halts, sullen but silent.

"Everyone back away," says Baelog - not noticing as Kagarn nods to Sookie and gestures for her to back away as well. Olaf picks up the staff and slots it into the carved dome. Flickering lights begin to crawl along the map's streets, toward the center, then trace their way along the carvings in the staff.

Finally, a lambent yellow beam streaks toward the center of the doors, then winks out as the doors rumble open.

Behind them is a fifteen-foot tall humanoid statue, feminine in form, and bearing a mace in one hand. As the torchlight hits the statue, the statue's eyes light up. She bellows, "None may steal the secrets of the Makers!" and strides forward, mace upraised.

Sookie just stares. "Na, goshi, this priceless whatever important to keep intact?" she mumbles.

Kagarn glances at the dwarves and their alarmed reactions, then shakes his head. "Not as important as stopping it from killing us."

Saeren is ready for the opening of the door. She even has an idea of what is coming. Her shots are on the mark, but the damage they do seems almost cosmetic in nature. "Gonna be here a while," she shouts out.

While her power lifts one very heavy rock from its position in the left corner, Sookie discharges a medium lightning bolt and strikes the creature, sending crackling sparks across the stone and causing a shower of rock fragments.

Nerai , using her tinker sensabilities, figures the thing must have an on off switch. She locartes the nearest switch, and has Eecee pull the staff out of the keyhole. The stome doors SLAM shut behind the mace-weilding golumn, but unfortunately she is still moving. "Drat." She sats, and keeps the staff in hand, for now.

Sookie blinks. "Na, Nerai!" she calls. "Open door again!"

The construct shakes itself briefly, causing loose shards of its outer armor to jump free, then directs its attention to Sookie and begins lumbering its way toward the girl. Despite the length of its stride, the defending golem moves with a ponderous slowness.

Nerai blinks, then repositions the staff into the keyhole.

Saeren tracks the impressive damage done by Sookie's attack, but she also is clearly noting the distance from the giant to Sookie. In her haste, the night elf fumbles her arrows, using a snap reaction to snare one from the air. "Sookie! Get out of there!" The arrow launches out of Saeren's bow with deadly accuracy, burying itself in the statue and searing it with fire. Still more bits of stone crumble from the enemy.

Sookie grins ferally. The rock she's been hefting from afar slams into the back of the stone giant's knees; at the same time, a discharge of lightning dances across her chest, causing the creature to be suddenly pushed - and stumbling backwards sends her sprawling across the rock waiting for her, leaving her on her back.

Nerai aims the end of the staff at the hole, and turns the ruby eye back to face teh door once again. The doors crash open with a loud wham, and she turns Eecee back to the prone foe.

The giant construct begins to rise - and then sparks erupt from the arrow embedded in the living stone beneath its blackened armor. The construct goes motionless, and there is a crackling sound, and the edges of the damaged shell begin to glow.

You whisper TidesGM: "bah, spoil my fun n.n"

The glowing lightning around Kagarn's hands intensifies. "(What's your plan, Sookie?)" he bellows in Kalimag.

"(It doesn't matter now,)" the girl answers. In Common: "Crush her!"

Saeren doesn't wait for any further action. Her first shot is likely enough to kill it, hitting with a devastating impact. The second buries itself in the same area, burning deep in the fallen statue. The night elf already has her next two arrows in-hand when the statue shudders, then goes dark, it's mace hitting the floor with an resounding boom that echoes through the chamber.

Sookie sighs. "Plan was good, too. Was going to pin in place with door. But no need." She smiles at Nerai. "Thank you for idea."

Nerai smiles back at Sookie, "I thought it would turn her off." She shrugs, "Looks like Saeren found the switch instead.

"Very well done, both of you," says Saeren. She moves to the front, towards that open door. She's already keen to investigate what lies beyond, her eyes on the lookout for any trace of the lost gnome and dwarf. "If it wasn't for Sookie's work my arrows wouldn't have helped us much."

"Aye, well done," says Baelog. "Shame about Brann and Chomsky, though..." He is interrupted by a new dwarven voice - this one with an unusually thick dwarvish brogue. "Shame about us what?" says the newcomer, emerging from the open chamber door. He has a distinctive reddish beard, and is wearing khakis and a rumpled broad-brimmed hat.

"Brann!" exclaims all three dwarves exultantly. "Yer all right!"

"Aye," replies Brann. "The thing deactivated as soon as it re-entered the vault. Not that it did us much good - as soon as we found the open switch from the inside, it activated again. I'm sure I'd have figured out a way ta shut it down eventually." He bows politely to Saeren, Kagarn, Sookie, and Nerai. "But I thank ye, adventurers."

Nerai bows back, smiling.

Saeren laughs, "Looks like we've succeeded after all." The night elf moves further into the room, "I suppose you two have just been studying the whole time in here while your friends worried? Still, clever work to stay in one piece with that thing around. If not for Sookie, I don't know that we'd have been in any condition to set your free."

"Archaeology's in me blood, lass," replies Brann, grinning broadly. "What do ye think we did while we were a'waitin'? Chomsky! It's safe ta come out now!"

"I take it you've learned a lot about this place, then, with nothing to disturb your focus?" suggests Saeren. "Not that we have time to hear it all.. nor like we'd understand, but.. what can you tell us about this place that that even a layman might understand?"

A gnome emerges, wearing spectacles and with a shock of whitish hair. "Really? That horrible contraption isn't going to..." He trails off as he takes in the adventurers. "A tauren... a night elf... a goblin in a... steam armor... Great Gears of Gnomeregan! It's _you!_ What in the blue blazes are you doing here and now?! And where's your bandaged friend?"

"I'm sure Ezra is doing something quite brilliant somewhere," replies Saeren. "You've heard of us, have you?"

Nerai smiles at Chomsky, and nods, "Ezra is off having other adventures right now, sadly."

"Ezra! I might've _known_ it was Ezra!" Chomsky says, smacking his head and suddenly laughing. "Ever since Bael Modan... Well, it's not so much that I've heard of you, so much as - well, come and see!"

The gnome leads everyone into the Chamber of Khaz'mul. "This chamber's all about the Ordering, and the war of the Titans against the Old Gods. But there are references to an event where a few people joined the battle, telling of a time when the Old Gods would rise again, and... well, just look," he says. In the center of one wall is a mural, depicting a titan, astride the corpse of a fallen monstrosity, reaching down to grant his blessing to a group of adventurers. Given the relatively small size of the carvings, it's a remarkably good likeness of Ezra, Saeren, Kagarn, and Nerai in Eecee.

"Na, na, you guys pretty old," says Sookie, watching the scene calmly.

Saeren looks at the work, gaping. "They.. made a mural.. of us?" she says, her voice faint.

Kagarn raises an eyebrow. "It would seem that we were meant to find this place," he muses. "And now that we are here, what will we find?"

Nerai smiles and looks at the mural, "That's.. very nice, there." She smiles, and looks at Sookie, "We were... There." She points, and bacially totally fails to explain.

"We were.. then, more like," says Saeren. "Suffice it to say, we have a friend whose calendar doesn't work quite the ways our does."

"Time travel, eh? Well, that explains it. Sort of," says Chomsky. "Anyway, I don't know the details of what's in this place, because I can't make head or tail of this bit at all," says Chomsky, pointing to a dense block of carvings. "I think it's a formula of some sort, but it's really _technical_ Titan. But the point is that it's meant to be some kind of ultimate weapon against the Old Gods and whatever kind of mind control poison they're using in our time."

Nerai thinks, "I think Ezra knew some Titan..."

"Probably more than just some, now," adds Saeren.

"I'll just bet he does," says Chomsky, with a peculiar combination of amusement, bitterness, and envy. "After all, he's talked to one. Meanwhile, though, what this thing's supposed to be is a substance that'll take any water that it touches and give it... uh..." He points a gizmo at the wall, and reads a line of clattering text on its face. "The restoration of free will, it says here. And better than that, it says it's a _catalyst_." He looks around the room, realizing there's only one tinker in the audience. "That means that it doesn't get used up."

Sookie stops chewing her nails for a bit. "Where is it?" she asks.

Nerai looks back at Chomsky, "So." She says, calmly, used to dealing with the more labratory-minded tinkers, "What does it take to build or forge or alchemy us some of this substance?"

"It could set more of them free?" whispers Saeren softly. More powerfully she says, "We _must_ figure out how to use this!"

"We'll have to wait until Ezra, or the rest of the Titan scholars in Ironforge, decipher the formula to make some of our own," says Chomsky. "But according to _this_ passage here, there are samples in the central vault, past the Seat of Khaz'goroth. I think we can find the place on the map outside. Of course, it also says here that the Seat is guarded by a particularly powerful construct, that will attack anyone without the proper passwords."

"Naturally, they don't tell us what the password _is_," adds the gnome.

Nerai smirks, "Well, clearly. Too bad we didn't ask him before. Maybe it's something Ezra learned. Still, it looks like we need to hook up with him again ASAP."

Chomsky shakes his head. "This text was intended to be read by Titans. I expect they're the only ones who actually have the password. Now, it does look like there's a way to send a dimensional signal the Titans can detect, but the controls for _that_ device are in the central vault too."

"Probably more stone women in vault, goshi," points out Sookie. "Bring more bombs and rope and things."

Nerai shrugs, "I'm like to see if we can get past it without having to blow it up again. Besides, it might be really really strong."

"If the key to helping my people be free again is there, I will go, no matter what construct might stand in the way," says Saeren. "I hold no one else to follow this path with me, but my heart will not be held back from that place." She looks to the others, "But it seems you are already set to take this path, as well."

"My path takes me to restoring the natural balance, and the Old God Dagun stands in my way," says Kagarn. "This catalyst is certainly a milestone along that path." He looks at Sookie. "I do not know if Sookie's path takes her that far, but for now, her path is to follow me."

Nerai shrugs, "The sage knows not to fight the current of the river, but to control where the current takes you."

Sookie nods. "Dagun die, followers of Dagun die. No more monsters. I fight, goshi."

"As for me..." says Brann, grinning broadly. "You'll find me wherever the action is."

> (OOC) Sookie notes: XP - Nerai - 2

> (OOC) Sookie notes: XP - Saeren - 2

> (OOC) Sookie notes: XP - Sookie - 2

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-05-08" stopped by Sookie at Sun May 8 22:24:34 2011 CDT (OOC)