Farsong's intelligence was not mistaken. The party has barely left sight of the gates of Astranaar before Saeren's keen eyes spot several shapes lurking in the underbrush. Two of them are orcish, with purple robes. The third... is something like a shadow given shape, a dark blot on the landscape of reality, with two glowing pinpricks for eyes.

One of the orcs, holding a longbow, calls out triumphantly, "More souls for Dagun!" His exuberance is not matched with his skill in archery, though; his shot goes so wide it's hard to tell he was even aiming for Saeren Finblighter at all.

Following in the wake of the misbegotten arrow, the shadowy figure peels away from its master and begins to advance upon the party. It says nothing, but there seems to be a chill emanating from it despite the warm weather of Ashenvale.

Ezra's bandaged hands sweep out in a wide arc, making swirling motions. Four purple darts of arcane energy manifest - a familiar sight, to anyone who's fought with him before. They leap out and strike unerringly at the nameless black beast. But unusually for him, the bolts return, coming into a menacing orbit around his body.

Though the arcane barrage seems quite potent, the glowing missiles seem to pass right _through_ the shadowy creature with no apparent effect.

Saeren watches the enemy prepare his magic and narrows her eyes. The bow sings and her shot is true. "Not so fast," the elf whispers quietly, and the dart strikes home. The target reels from the force of it, and whatever arcane madness he meant to unleash is diffused in a burst of putrid green light.

Nerai jumps into the seat of Eecee, and starts to brocess to bring her own creatuion to life. The Phlogiston vapoers into the envelope, and then pushes through the engine, which roars to life under Nerai, as she gets herself worked down into the cockpit for another battle.

Kagarn narrows his eyes at the demon-worshipper's attempt at magic, and raises his hands. "You who would abuse the elements, feel their fury!" he howls, and a deadly lightning strike sears the air with ozone. The orc twitches, thrashes, and falls still.

Howling with rage, the surviving orc returns fire, sending an arrow thudding into Kagarn's massive hide. The wound bleeds, but otherwise does not seem severe.

The voidwalker has not dissipated with the death of its master, nor does it turn on the other orc. It continues its progress unabated, heading directly toward the wagon.

This time, the wizard's sparkling arcane blasts find their mark. Ezra guides his missiles to and through the half-vacant void energies that have drawn so close, and they return immediately to hover around him once again.

Saeren sneers at the orc bowmen. She fires three times in blinding succession, and gives her enemy some new scars to wear for a while. The attacks are potent, but the enemy is still on his feet.

Nerai steps around from behind the large mass of Kagarn, and swings Eecee's morning-star laden arm around. Unfortunately, the spiked ball misses wide, and flails off, leaving Nerai scrambling to move the weight balance to offset the ball's momentum.

Kagarn jumps from the wagon, dodging away from the advancing shadow. Not wasting a battle cry against his silent enemy, he simply concentrates on calling down the lightning once more. This time, the shadows seem to swerve away, but the coruscating energy still leaves it looking like tattered shreds of shadow.

The orc grits its teeth in pain, clutching at the smoldering arrows protruding from his armor. He raises his bow once more, and yells, "You may have defeated us, but you will not defeat the storm to come!" This time, his arrow flies wide of the mark, whiffling past Kagarn's head.

The demonic being, battered by the magic inflicted on it, seems not to notice, despite the terrible damage it has taken. It simply swings a shadowy fist at Nerai, which glances off the steel armor to no effect.

Ezra's lovely purple missiles slam into the orcish bowman again, and this time the wizard devotes all his concentration to mediating the force of the arcane energy. The cultist falls, hurt badly - but not dead yet.

A kick of Nerai's foot, and Eecee is back on balance. A rotation of her control stick, doubly mad at the demon spawn for trying to wound her Eecee, pulls the spikey iron ball of the mace down on the head of the creature. The purple/blue shadow hiss around as the spikes of the mace dissipate the shadowy essence, by the time the ball thunks into the ground, the ting of metal on metal is all that it left, the ruined bracers of the creature.

"Hm. That was fast," says Saeren. She looks over to Ezra, then to the fallen orc bowman. "I think he's still alive. For the moment. You want me to finish it?"

Ezra raises a hand. "No, he must live for now."

Nerai shuts Eecee off, and jumps down off the frame, jogging after her companions over to the fallen bowman.

Ezra walks forward toward the fallen orcs, stopping for a moment to scoop up the bracers and carefully pocket them. He hunkers down near the wounded archer. "Kagarn, please do what you can. We musst question him, yesss.."

On closer inspection, both orcs, dead and wounded, are wearing robes of faded purple, and beneath their armor Saeren finds the now-familiar logo of the Twilight's Hammer.

Kagarn nods to Ezra and makes his preparations, waiting for Saeren to finish securely restraining the cultist before calling upon the spirits of healing. The cultist opens his eyes, and glares at his captors wordlessly.

Ezra squats down, clasping his fingers together, and bares his teeth in what could be charitably regarded as a smile. "Telll me about Dagun," he says.

The orc laughs with vicious delight. "He is the Sea, the Unending Sea that will drown all the land. All of you will drown beneath His waves. Yes, even you," he says, focusing his gaze on Ezra. "You who have forgotten what it is to drown... you will learn again."

"I sssee... and what of the other Forssaken, yess? Are there those that work with you?" The wizard tilts his head, staring without blinking at the orc.

Nerai taps her lips, "Hmm. SOunds like something we've heard before...."

"Anyone who is wise will serve as the Hands of Dagun," replies the orc. "Those who are not wise... well, they will serve him anyway."

Saeren waits a short distance from the group, fitting an arrow to the string of her bow and testing the pull on it patiently.

"I sseee... and the Forssaken that ambushed Maestra's Post... what use are their captivess to you?" The wizard leans closer.

"Perhapss the magic chalice of the naga workss against the undead, perhapss not. Are we finding out if it workss on elvess?"

The orc simply peers back at Ezra, his expression unreadable.

As Ezra begins to work a spell of his own, the orc's expression shifts to mild worry, which soon fades as the spell seems to have no effect. After a few seconds, the orc sneers. "Tired of talking, unbeliever?"

Beneath its arrogant leer, however, wheels are turning in the orc's head. _It knows about the chalice,_ it is thinking. _And it's not working with us. Is the Plan in danger? I need to escape somehow, and warn the others._

"Well it seems I cannot compel you to talk," sighs Ezra. This is technically true - but he wasn't trying. "Perhapss we should take you to someone.. more capable of eliciting answers." He gestures at Nerai and Kagarn. "Let uss take him aboard the wagon. Guard him carefully, yess."

Nerai helps Kagan hoist the fallen ork up, and carry him over to the wagon. Nerai grumbles something about tools and blood and such under her breath as she does this, laying the bound Orc into the wagon carefully, with teh Tauren's help.

"What, I don't get a turn?" murmurs Saeren. "I'm almost offended."

"A turn to do what?" Kagarn asks Saeren, cocking his head.

"Ssso, I was right. Your chalice doess not work against the elvess. Humanss, yes." Ezra thrums the fingers of his left hand against the wagon. "Ssome affinity with arcane magic, which the elvess have rejected, perhapss?"

Nerai mumbles under her breath, "Play with our new toy..."

"A turn to make him spill his guts," says Saeren. "I've been making my enemies talk for some time, you see."

The orc simply grins, believing that his silence preserves his secrets. He is wrong. _The poor rotting fool! The chalice works just fine against the elves. And it's working better than ever, thanks to his wiser friends. **Some** undead have more sense than he does._

Kagarn is keeping one eye on Ezra's interrogation, but shakes his head at Saeren. "No offense, kaldorei, but you seem more adept at spilling your enemies' 'guts' in... a more literal sense."

Ezra shrugs. "Jusst as well. The Blue Dragonss have told uss of enough of its secretss. If you will not sspeak, perhapss we should kill you, yes."

The orc grimaces. "If the blue dragons have told you everything, what do you want from me?" _No! I can't let them kill me yet!_

"The two are surprisingly consistent," replies Saeren. "And shortly I have a feeling I shall be called upon." She glares at the orc in disgust. "As much as I'm certain the orcs would prefer they be granted the right to deliver justice, I believe they will understand our need for haste."

"What I assked about earlier. The Forssaken and the elven captivess, yess." Ezra frowns disapprovingly. "It sseems you're not brave enough to face your new massters today.."

"I know nothing about them!" protests the orc. "We'd heard that the Forsaken were working here, yes, but it's nothing to do with us." Ezra would not have needed his magic to tell that the creature was lying, and even the others can sense the deception on his lips. _If they guess that we're using the chalice on the captives... well, maybe they won't listen to a Forsaken... no, that's too risky. I have to stop these people before they get to Maestra's Post!_

Ezra nods again. "I ssee. Very well, we'll take him along as planned, yes."

---

"You lack any such magic of your own?" Kagarn is saying to Ezra, seeming amused. "Very well, then. The spirits cannot find a person so easily, but they can find lost items with some facility." Kagarn holds up a small carved disc of wood. "We will 'lose' this on his person, and when he escapes, it will lead us to him." Kagarn rubs his nose. "But we cannot rely on it for too long. The spirits cannot find it if it is surrounded by the unnatural, and eventually they may find it and guess its purpose."

Ezra nods slowly. "That will ssuffice," he murmurs.

---

Saeren arranges for herself to have the first night watch over the captive. While Ezra is away, apparently engrossed in some matters of the arcane, the night elf is left quite alone with the orc she is just itching to slay.

The orc feigns sleep, only reacting when he hears the sound of a knife working at his bonds. When the creature meets the eyes of his guard Saeren smiles. "By my estimate, the trees are so thick after about, hm, twenty paces you will be in the clear. That gives me time for one shot on you. Or you could lay here and I'll take as many shots as I want, then position you to make it appear like you tried to escape. What's your choice?"

"Why would you even give me the choice?" asks the orc, squinting at the night elf. "If you are so determined to see me die, why not slay me where I sit?"

"Good point," says Saeren.

The orc's eyes go wide as he sees Saeren's hand dart to her quiver. Without even bothering to finish pulling his hands from behind his back, he leaps from the cart and dashes madly into the dark woods.

Seeing the enemy get away, precisely as planned, Saeren has only one thing to say. "Damn." After a soft growl she adds in a faint whisper, "I was hoping I'd mess it up."

Kagarn raises his head from his pillow - he too had been feigning sleep. He murmurs a brief prayer to the spirits, and points in the direction the cultist had gone. "He's moving quickly. You must have put the fear on him."

"And a fourth arrow," points out Saeren. "I do hope I'll have the opportunity to give him more."

Kagarn simply nods, and sets off into the woods. "I will meet you at Maestra's Post," he says. "I know the way." And he vanishes between the trees. Saeren can't help but notice that Kagarn leaves an observable trail, in a way that the orc did not.

"The enemy has a way to cover their tracks with magic," murmurs Saeren. "These filth have a lot of tricks up their sleeves. We should hurry before they discover more."

---

If anything, Maestra's Post is even more paranoid about the undead than Astranaar was. As the party comes in sight of the settlement's watchtower, they are suddenly surrounded by a party of sentinels. "Where do you think you're going?" says the leader, as the rest of the scouts move to cover all three.

"To Maestra's Post, unless you'd prefer we dance under the stars for a while," replies Saeren. "We have some work to do. Fortunately you are awake so we can get to it without wasting more time. Ezra, if you could explain the plan?"

"Silence!" barks the leader, gesturing to one of her subordinates, who moves up to Saeren, running a hand along her neck. "She's clean!" reports the sentinel, and the others relax, although as usual they keep Ezra covered.

Ezra speaks, not moving an inch. If he weren't talking, he wouldn't even breathe. "The Twilightss' Hammer is active, yess. The Forssaken are capturing your elvess and using a chalice provided by the naga to warp their minds, enslave them to the will of the Old God - Dagun."

"We have already captured one of their assassinss, yess... He iss running back to his masters with the lies we told him, and a member of the Earthen Ring is tracking his movementss. Soon we will know where they are hiding. Soon we may find your kinssmen. We already know how to free them of the cursse, yes. It has been done. Now.. what will you do?" And Ezra smiles through his bandages at the sentinels.

"If you know how to free them, then you know more than us," says the sentinel. "Three of our captives returned last night. Fortunately, Delgren knew to warn us to quarantine anyone captured by the Forsaken, and we discovered their gills today. Come with us, and cure our people. If you can." The sentinel gestures, and leads the party down the path to Maestra's Post.