Nerai returns from a lengthy discussion with the gnomish engineer Wizbang to discover that Ezra and Saeren have already left without her. Drusilla explains that they were planning to try to use the new chalice to convert a naga.

Nerai is slightly confused why her companions would go off. But she shrugs, and wanders back to the gnomish quarter, to tinker with Eecee.

Before Nerai can even pick up a wrench, though, a dwarf woman peeks into the workshop. "Excuse me - are you the one known as Nerai? Wizbang said you had a steam ar-... ooooh, so ye do. It's a nice one, too."

Nerai starts as the drawf addresses her. She was about in her mindset to start fiddling with Eecee as the dwarf woman approaches. "Thanks." Nerai bows, and looks back at Eecee. "I'm quite proud of Eecee. Anyway.. can I help you with something?"

The dwarf gives a slight bow. "Me name is Hollee, and I'm with the Explorers' Guild," she says, speaking in Common with a distinct dwarvish accent. "We was just about to go an' check on Professor Remtravel. We haven't heard from him fer almost a week, an' I'm startin tae get a wee bit worried." She glances at Eecee. "Could we get ye ta come wi' us? We'll pay ye well, o'course."

Nerai smiles at the dwarf, following her eyes up to Eecee as she looks. "Oh I wouldn't need paying for anything like that." She beams the dwarf a winning, unfortunately Goblin smile. "Who is Professor Remtravel? This is the first I've heard of him..."

Hollee blinks, evidently surprised. "Wizbang said ye were an unusual goblin, but he didna say the half of it," she says, marveling at a goblin who would take on a risk without being paid. "Ah, he's an archaeologist. He's been workin on some Titan ruins down the coast a ways. Last we heard from him, he said he'd found a new vault. So mebbe he's just so busy lookin inta it that he hain't bothered ta send word back." She laughs. "That'd be just like him, too. Give him a dig site an' a pickaxe an' it's like he's in another world."

Nerai shrugs. "I think Wizbang has something that might help you out on that too. I assume you just came from there, but let's go chat with him again. Hopefully this will be the last time anyone needs to go check on him." Nerai says, thinking of the box that Wizbang had shown Nerai earlier.

Hollee looks puzzled but intrigued. "Aye, we'll do that," she says. Wizbang, for his part, is quite happy to see Nerai again. "Wasn't expecting you back so soon, Nerai," he says. "Need assistance?"

The goblin smiles at the gnome. "You know that box you just showed me?" She smiles, "I think I know of a good way to test it. I could take one out to Profesor Remtravel. That way it would be easier for you to check up on him."

Wizbang laughs. "Good idea! But I've heard of the Professor," he says. "You think he'll remember to check in with the buzzbox? Or remember to top off the fuel tank every day?"

Nerai hmms. "I don't know. Surely he has an assistant or something we can show how to use it?" She looks back to Hollee to see what she thinks of this.

Hollee nods. "Well, there were a couple people wi' him, aye. An' we'll definitely make sure he's got people watchin' him after this. Aye, they can check in wi' us. And if no one fuels it up, ye'll know from this end, right Wizbang?"

"Yup!" says the gnome cheerfully. "When the carrier wave from the remote unit goes flat..." he begins, launching into a wave of jargon that no one except Nerai understands; she would translate, except she suspects no one but her and Wizbang cares in the first place. "...and I've been working on a new prototype, too," he concludes, trotting over to a wheelbarrow. "This one's got extended range - should be able to reach Remtravel's expedition no problem. Problem is that I couldn't find anyone to carry this heavy thing out so far." He grins at Hollee and Nerai. "And that problem's now solved, am I correct?"

Nerai starts to scribble some notes as Wizbang describes. Even if she doesn't need these to relate to someone at the site, she can at least study them later. "It seems this would be the case, anyway. Now, as long as Hollee can tell me where to find the nice professor, I think we can be on our way, yes?" She looks between the Gnome and the Dwarf to see if there's anything else.

"We can leave right away," says Hollee. "And the sooner the better."

---

Shortly after, Nerai's cart is on its way, loaded down with both Eecee and Wizbang's new buzzbox. Hollee is on the front of the cart next to Nerai, and three dwarven riflemen are in the back, watching the road and the woods carefully for any signs of trouble - which is mostly a non-issue for most of the trip, although a grizzly bear does charge furiously at the cart before being put down by a volley of rifle fire. "Rabid, probably," Hollee says sadly, but they do not stop to examine it.

Finally, Hollee points at a shadowy edifice of squared slabs in the distance, illuminated by the setting sun. "There it is," she begins, pulling out a spyglass. "Ach! It's just as I feared. The place is overrun by troggs!"

Nerai hmms, and looks to Hollee. "I suppose this is why you had me come along, yes?" She smiles, and starts to direct the rest of the folk in getting Eecee unpacked and unstrapped and gassed up and such. "Do you think the Professor is alright?" Nerai asks, looking very much in her element riding atop of Eecee.

"I hope so," Hollee says, doubtfully. "Though he doesna have enough sense ta come in outa the rain..." She sighs. "Well, at least we c'n find-"

"There ye are!" calls out a voice from the bushes, and a dwarf crawls out. He looks battered and bruised, one arm is in a makeshift sling, and his right leg is trailing behind him, and also looks broken. "An' just in time! I was down to me last rations!" With his good arm, he points to the ruin. "Remtravel was in there last I saw, halfway up a ladder, when the troggs came out. I tried ta call him down, but he was too busy with whate'er it was he found up there. It was the best I could do ta get out meself."

Nerai looks down at the dwarf. "Hollee. Have someone take care of him." Pointing to the dwarf. "And have a couple of marksmen trail me as we go and get Remtravel. They can pick the troggs off as they swarm me." Nerai has a look of determination on her face as she steers Eecee around, and starts dawn the path to the ruin, not waiting for any response.

Hollee says, "I'll take care o' him, I got some basic first aid trainin. Barlow, take yer men an' cover the goblin." The other dwarves fall in at some distance behind Nerai, rifles at the ready.

The nearest group of troggs are busily feasting on a deer carcass - including the bones, which they seem to consume with gusto along with the rest of the flesh - but when the whirring clanking apparition that is Eecee stalks into view, they leave their meal behind and charge, gargling madly.

Nerai looks over her shoulder and nods to the marksmen, letting them put shot into the trogs, even as her morningstar and swoard sweeng freely, cleaving the animals around her armor. She watches as they bang helplessly against the frame. She grunts as the last drops, and runs further to the ruin, little time for gloating over victory.

And rightly so, because the deeper Nerai goes into the ruin, the more troggs there are - though each wave falls as quickly as the last. The troggs seem to have little concept of cooperation - each fights as an army of one, smashing their clubs futilely against the metal armor, then expiring shortly after with a morningstar through the skull. As they approach an archway, though, the pavilion before it seems to be populated with a veritable swarm of troggs - dozens, scores even. But not a one of them is any better armed, and not a one of them fights more intelligently - not even the one wearing a necklace of stone teeth which marks it as some sort of chieftain. However, as the explorers wade into them, a dozen or so troggs do break off the pointless assault on the steam armor and charge toward the dwarves. Some of them drop to gunfire, but the rest keep coming, waving their clubs.

Nerai curses, and swings Eecee around, charging at the troggs going for the marksdwarves. She swings her sword and morning star high above Eecee's chassis, squelch after sickening squelch of metal renting flesh as the creaturs fall below Nerai's wrath. She closes in on the Marksdwarves, and nods to them. "Curious how so many troggs got in here without a leader or guide of some sort." She comments to noone in particular.

"Aye," says one of the dwarves, as he hurriedly fills his barrel with gunpowder and drops a new rifle ball in, then snaps off a shot that blows the head off a rampaging trogg. "It don't make sense. The elves say they've never seen anythin' like these before."

Even as he speaks, the tooth-necklaced trogg comes charging up to Nerai, throwing itself at the steam armor and grabbing on with its long arms. It bites down hard on a protruding fixture, then howls in pain, a few splintered teeth falling out.

Nerai drops her sword, and closes that hand around the trogg's jaw. She looks down at him. "Go away." She says, and throws the creatre's skull to the ground. She bends over, and pucks her sword back up, making her way into the archway, and past the roaming, scavaging troggs. She looks around the chamber, "Professor!" She calls out.

After the chaos of outside, it seems quiet in the interior of the Titan ruin. The stone walls show the remnants of what may once have been ornate carvings, worn down by time. Here and there a few words are visible, though not in any language Nerai recognizes. There is no answer for a moment... then a dwarven voice calls out from deeper in. "Stonehammer! Where've ye been! Bring me the brush, I said!"

Eecee's metal and steam makup stomp their way though the passage, following the sound of Remtravel's voice. "Professor. I'm not Stonehammer!" Nerai calls out, "The troggs..." She's at a loss for words. How can he not know? She finds the professor deep in the ruin.

The voice is coming from a ledge high up on one wall, a wooden ladder sprawled beneath it - the ladder shows some sign of trogg tooth marks, but looks usable. Remtravel's voice comes again. "Ach, lass, what're ye doin here? Where's Stonehammer? I ha'nt seen him in hours!" A dwarven head peeks over the edge, looking good-natured but a little befuddled. And more befuddled when he sees who addressed him. "A goblin? What're ye doin' here lass?"

Nerai looks up. "I came with Hollee to check up on you." She calls up. "Umm... Stonehammer got attacked by the troggs. You know. The ones right outside the archway?" She looks back at the arch, then up at Remtravel. "Anyway,, we've got something for you... where's your.. you know..camp?"

"Troggs? What're you talkin' bout, lass?" Just then, two more troggs meander up from deeper into the ruin, and the cavern echoes with the gunfire that blasts them down. "ACH!" cries out Remtravel, recoiling. "Troggs!" he cries out, then subsides, the puzzlement intensifying. "Wait... you mean these troggs've been here all along? Stonehammer! Stonehammer, are you okay?" Bit by bit, Nerai's words seem to sink in, as if his mind had been miles away. "Is Stonehammer okay, lass?"

Nerai looks back at him. "Yes. There have been troggs here for a while. I think Stonehammer is OK. We came upon him while we were on our way here. Someone was tending to him when I came to find you." She gestures. "Maybe it's time to call it a day?"

Remtravel finally seems to _look_ at Nerai for the first time. "A steam armor! Ye've got a steam armor, lass! Could I get ye ta..." he begins, going as if to climb down. "Ach, where's the ladder?" One of the riflemen sets it up for him, and Remtravel climbs down. "Thanks, laddie. As I was sayin', there's this big ol' Titan machine. D'ye think ye could help carry it out?" Before anyone can say anything, he trots down the tunnel the troggs came from.

Nerai turns Eecee's bulk, as soon as she realises what's going on. "Professor.... That's where the troggs came from..." She runs after the dwarf.

"This way," says Remtravel eagerly as he leads everyone down the hall. "There's..." he begins, then trails off as he observes a handful of troggs banging and poking at a complicated mechanism. "Get away from that, ye beasties!" he hollers, charging them with a pickaxe. And as experienced warriors, Nerai and the dwarven riflemen alike can tell Remtravel hasn't the slightest clue how to hold a weapon.

Nerai pushes a lever and runs Eecee up to high gear. "Guys, take care of the Professor..." She calls out, chargig the troggs. Her sword and flail ring true, bashing and making short work of the small group of animals, all the wile trying to make use Remtravel doesn't make it over here. She looks at the Titan machine. "I assume this is what you wanted hauled?" She asks, after the troggs are dispatched.

"Aye, lass. Thanks fer protectin it," says Remtravel. "Now here, lemme show you a neat trick. If I do this..." The dwarf begins pushing buttons, frenetically but methodically. "Now isn't that pretty?" he declares as a warm golden glow emerges from the engine and bathes the party. "Makes me feel smarter too," he says. Just then, another dozen troggs emerge from an archway and charge toward the group... but before the riflemen can even get off a shot, they reach the edge of the glow and immediately fall over. The sound of loud snoring can be heard even from here.

Nerai looks on. "Hmm... It only puts troggs to sleep?" She looks at the machine. "Maybe it would be better left at the enterance?" She wiggles her fingers. "Man, Ezra would kill me if I took this apart." But the gleam in her eye says that's what she is, at least, pondering. "But I could see how this would be useful to you in the ruin somewhere? Maybe to protect you from troggs?"

Remtravel blinks at the sleeping troggs. "Wow... I didn't know it would do _that_." He beams. "This is an incredible discovery, lass! Can ye help me get it to the entrance? This'd be great ta have at our camp." He shakes his head. "The light only goes on fer a few minutes at a time, then it won't turn on fer hours. Haven't figured out what powers the thing yet."

Nerai nods. "Yeah. As look as I can take a look at it when we get it there." She has a glint in her eye. Waiting patiently for the glow to dissipate, she looks at the machine, and taking care to try not grabbing anything important, she lifts the machine, and starts to move it to the entrance.

The departure is relatively uneventful, and by the time they emerge, they find Hollee and Stonehammer beside a canvas tent. "Remtravel! Yer all right!" Hollee exclaims, leaping to her feet. Stonehammer grins and waves with his good arm. "Scuse me if I don't get up," he says.

Remtravel gapes. "Stonehammer! Did the troggs do that to ye! Why didn't ye say somethin?" "I did," says Stonehammer patiently. "I yelled 'Troggs' when they came out the first time. Ye probably missed it on account o' finding something interestin."

Remtravel blinks. "Oh yeah! There's this fossil up behind that ledge! I'd picked some of it out, but there was too much stone dust and I needed a brush... there's one!" He trots to one of the benches beside the tent and picks up a stone brush. "There! Now I can go back and finish getting it out!"

Nerai blinks, as she watches Remtravel wander back in, "Are you sure that's such a good idea?" She powers down Eecee for a time, and climbs out, wandering over to the machine we dropped off. "Maybe you should wait until tomorrow, at least?"

Hollee knows better than to simply talk Remtravel out of it. She grabs the man's arm. "Nerai's right. We only just managed to save ye from the troggs, an' from starvation, I don't doubt. Ye're gonna have a proper night's sleep in an honest cot, and a proper meal, an' we'll all go down there in the mornin."

The archaeologist grumbles, but subsides with bad grace. "Fine, fine. Discovery of a lifetime, I'm tellin' you."

---

As the cart is wheeled down into the camp, Nerai unloads the buzzbox into the camp. "Now THIS should help you out." She says, talking more to Stonehammer than Remtravel himself. She places the box next to the other Titan machine. She climbs out of Eecee, and busies herself about unpacking it, connecting the feeds to one another. She flips the machine on, and watches the display for a second, a spanner in her hand tuning a few of the dials as she watches the display. "... And the phlogiston does here. Oh yeah. And here's the on switch." As she points these things out to Stonehammer.

Remtravel is half entranced with the Titan device, so it is left to Stonehammer to absorb the instructions on the buzzbox. "Thanks, lass. Ol' fuzzhead here," he says, gesturing to Remtravel, "probably won't even remember this thing exists, so Hollee an' I will probably have to be the ones ta mind it. Now let's see if I'm doin this right..." Stonehammer, leaning on his crutch, adjusts the knob. "Hello! Wizbang, are ye there?"

"You don't have to shout," comes Wizbang's voice from the speaker cone, a bit scratchy but otherwise as clear as if he were standing there. "So it's working, is it? Splendid! Nerai, I owe you one. This will give me all _sorts_ of new data, especially if I can count on someone to use it every day."

Nerai pointedly looks over at Remtravel then Stonehammer. "Someone will use this, right?" She smiles, and speaks back to Wizbang, "Just glad I can be of help."

Hollee speaks up. "I'll see to it," she says firmly. "And Stonehammer when he gets back. Unless someone back at Auberdine can see to him, he's gonna be a couple weeks healing those broken bones. Nerai, can you take Stonehammer back with you on the cart?" She pauses, and then reaches into her belt pack. "I know ye said ye didn't want paying, Nerai, but here," she says, pressing a half dozen vials of phlogiston into Nerai's hand. "That should cover the fuel ye used ta help rescue the absent-minded professor here, and give ya bit extra fer expenses."

Nerai looks down at the vials, "A... Um..." She shrugs. "THank you, Hollee." She bows, and then counts the vials. "Here, take a few and make sure they test the buzzbox. I need that tested worse then I need these vials." She hands the vials to Hollee or Stonehammer. Someone who will take them. "Yeah, it probably is time to get back." She starts about the task of getting Eecee and Stormhammer secure in the cart.

Hollee seems reluctant, but accepts two of the vials back. "Thank ye again, lass. If ye ever need anythin' of the Explorers' Guild, ye just ask. Tell 'em Hollee sent ye." She hands Nerai a small metal token, ornately carved with the seal of the Explorers' Guild. It's probably quite valuable for the metal, but if a goblin would ever have anything to do with dwarves in the future, its value would be inestimable. "Now see to it Stonehammer gets ta a good healer, all right? He's a good archaeologist in his own right, an' we'll need him down here soon as possible."

"I'm sure he won't stay out of action for terribly long." Nerai waves, and nods, "This will be invaluable to me. Thank you Hollee." She bows. "If I'm ever in the area, I would be more than happy to be of service." She climbs up on the cart, and starts driving the animal back to the outpost.