> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-02-26" started by TidesGM at Sun Feb 26 18:39:13 2012 CST (OOC)

The last wall of dressed stone explodes in a burst of stone and water, and the Covenant emerges in the Keep's dungeons, the only light coming from a handful of guttering torches at the entry door. A half dozen orcs are crouched behind overturned barrels and bales of hay, aiming crossbows and arrows at the door. At the sound of crashing stone, they whirl round in blank-eyed astonishment.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "in this case you should stay in raid brain mode. Since we're basically raiding here n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Well, we aren't facing a mutated distorted parody of a bl... ohwait."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anyway, you guys have a surprise round. These guys are clearly not the sharpest axes on the rack."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "For the record, I'd have activated all my ring stuff and recovered before this hit n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Sweet. Half dozen, huh?"

> (OOC) Sookie is Speed 6, Dex 12 as usual. just lemme know when

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "For the record, you are not in a cell."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "6.5/16 for me."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Shade is 7/16 n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Distance to nearest mook?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Shade is first, then. 15 yards."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Ground move is 28, so I think I can move and attack?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Gonna do double maul on some random mook.. rolling."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "On Bill's advice, I will be slamming the nearest n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 5 (1 2 2) vs. 18, succeeding by 13

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yeah, he's hit. What happens to him?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Shade and the orc take collision damage, (speed \* HP)/100 dice"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "the damage you do is based on your HP. DR protects."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So the damage I do is: 28 \* 30 = 840 / 100."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Is it speed or move?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sorry, effective Move. regardless of distance."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Velocity, so 28 here n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK, so 8d of damage, reduced by armor."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "orc inflicts his HP \* 28/100 as well"

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d for 9 (4 3 2)

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 8d for 37 (5 6 4 5 5 4 6 2) damage

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Shade is lightly bruised, orc is pulverized."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Shade's DR eats 9 for lunch."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Orc dead?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Pose it. Saeren is next."

A heartbeat doesn't pass and Shade is through the gap, racing and smashing into one of the orcs at full speed. A horrific crunch comes from the orc and its lifeless body goes flying away, rolling along the ground like a ragdoll. Shade's eyes already seek the next target.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Hm, 15 yards and they are hidden. What kind of cover penalty do they get against me?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "They have no cover against you from your current angle. All the cover is facing the other way."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Wow, they are screwed."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Going for face shots. Two of them."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Not in the face! ;\_;"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 11 (3 3 5) vs. 15, succeeding by 4

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 13 (5 4 4) vs. 15, succeeding by 2

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Assuming 15 yards here."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup. So roll damage."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d+2 for 12 (3 4 3 2) damage

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d+2 for 13 (4 4 3 2) damage

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "What's the damage modifier?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Both also +2 moonfire, divisor 3."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Looking for face quick.. I forget."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "p.552 Campaigns"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "unless they are wearing full-coverage helmets (unlikely), I think the face doesn't have anything special, so the 2x wounding mod for impaling applies. 26 and 28 HP respectively."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Nothing, just no DR."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. So they're dead too."

Saeren's shots follow a moment later, and two orcs fall dead behind their useless defenses. She draws away, ready to finish this with utter efficiency.

> (OOC) Sookie loiters about ready to ace some orcs n.n

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sookie's turn is next."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "C1: lightning bolt vs. one of three survivors. skill 18, 6d burn"

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 11 (3 5 3) vs. 18, succeeding by 7

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 6d for 18 (5 2 2 2 3 4) damage

> (OOC) Sookie says, "C2: all-out attack (double), TK punch vs. another of them, to the face. skill 16, 3d-1 cr each hit."

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 13 (6 2 5) vs. 16, succeeding by 3

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d for 6 (3 2 1) vs. 16, succeeding by 10

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d-1 for 14 (6 5 4 -1) damage

> (OOC) Sookie rolls 3d-1 for 10 (6 3 2 -1) damage

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Two hits on the same target?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "lightning vs. #1, two punches vs. #2"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Or as we like to call it, splut."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. Both targets are down. Kaliera, you have one left for yourself."

Sookie follows Shade and Saeren into battle, and the storm goes with her. Howling winds strike with precision, dropping one orc; a blast of lightning finishes off the other.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "OK, using my wand, going to acid-ball the standing orc. skill 15, using 3 points from my powerstone to make it a 5D acid ball."

> (OOC) Kaliera rolls 3d for 14 (5 6 3) vs. 15, succeeding by 1

> (OOC) Kaliera rolls 5d for 14 (2 1 5 3 3)

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "He's not /quite/ dead, but very close."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Any special effects for acid that I should be aware of?"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "checking, hold on"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "it's corrosive, reduces DR by 1 per 5 points of basic damage"

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 10 (3 6 1) vs. 12, succeeding by 2

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Nope. If I'd used the jet function we'd hve to check for hit location for blindness, but"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. So you didn't stun him, but you seriously wounded him and his armor is pitted and corroded."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "we can probably call him dead in round 2 and keep moving, we just downed 5/6 orcs in 1 second."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yeah, let's do that. He's still mentally stunned, and Shade can finish him off with a swipe of the paw next round."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Cool, got it."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Kaliera can throw it in the pose, please :)"

Kaliera gestures with a wand, and a globe of green liquid flies out and splashes against the standing orc. There's a split second of surprise, and then his armor - and his skin - burns under the conjured acid, leaving him gasping and unable to take any actions, and easy for Shade to finish off with an almost casual effort should the cat wish to. (or, really, anyone.)

> (OOC) Sookie says, "no other immediate threats, I take it. any elemental magic active in the keep?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Not noticeably."

As the last orc falls to the ground beneath Shade's paw, there is a soft gasp from the cells. "By the Light," breathes one of the human prisoners. "Who _are_ you people?" He is dressed in rags, as are his two companions in nearby cells, no two adjacent, and the speaker himself is confined with steel mittens carved in twisted runes.

> (OOC) Sookie is on it, if you guys aren't n.n

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Any response is fine n.n This is open pose until we get to the next bit."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "k. can I break open the cells? if not, will try to saw through em"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "The cell bars aren't any match for Sookie."

> (OOC) Saeren slips in pose.

Sookie reaches out with grasping, clawing motions. The bars crumple under her determined assault. "From Lakeshire," she explains curtly. "Back down the tunnel."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Neither, for that matter, are the mittens. They're designed to suppress magic on the wearer, not anything else."

> (OOC) Sookie throws that in too then.

Saeren releases her bow, the arrow just vanishing. "Sookie, Kaliera, you sense anything troublesome, or are we clear for the moment?" The night elf looks to Shade, "That goes for you, too." The cat says nothing.

As the prisoners emerge, water coils outward from the girl's hands. It shapes itself into a long, thick blade, like a super-accelerated waterfall held tightly into shape. Using it, she shears effortlessly through the manacles. "No danger yet," she reports.

Kaliera closes her eyes, reaching out. "No, nothing. These are gone," she says as she gestures to the orc corpses. She opens her eyes, glancing at the other cells to see if there are remains in them - not searching, just a quick glance.

"Thank you," breathes the man hoarsely, rubbing his wrists. "I'm Jorgensen, and this is Krakauer and Danforth. They've got Keeshan somewhere else, not sure where."

Shade's bright eyes look at the men being freed, and the great cat moves close enough to catch their scent. With that and orc stink clear in his mind, he starts sniffing at the air.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "There's no one else in the cells, no remains. There is a scrap of thin blue fabric on the floor in one of the vacant cells."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Shade's on that one."

Shade catches sight of a spare scrap of cloth, and moves over to it, putting his nose to work on the fabric without touching it.

Jorgensen notices the great cat's actions. "Yeah, that's his headband," he remarks. "Your cat is very smart, miss. I didn't even see you give him any commands."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Keeshan's scent is all over the cell, and he was definitely led up to the exit of the dungeons, not all that long ago either. The only obstacle to tracking Keeshan is the orcs in the way."

"Yes, though I think it's more fair to say that I'm his sentinel," murmurs Saeren. She sees Shade's body language and relays, "He has the scent. Just a matter of what's between us and our goal."

Kaliera addresses the three men. "Were there any others here, who may have been taken away and ...not returned?"

> (OOC) TidesGM swaps

"Just that one fellow... what was his name? Windsor, I think," says Krakauer. "He wasn't here but for one day. I don't think they normally keep prisoners. Not sure what they were even keepin' us for."

Kaliera senses a faint stirring from her ghostly companion. The name is familiar: he was Windsor.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. So what now? Track down Keeshan?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "yeah"

Kaliera nods, softly. "Thank you." She knows the man's name now; she can take the word of his life - and death - to those who cared about him, and take his last message to Stormwind.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Yes."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. I'll move us along a bit, then."

The sudden assault from the Covenant not only took the dungeon's defenders unawares, but it also dealt with them before any could raise the alarm. As Shade and Saeren make their way up the stairs, the orcs they find remain intent on watching for invaders coming _down_. They never hear the velvet-footed nightsaber or the ghost-quiet sentinel, and never even know anyone was behind them until a watery blade slices their windpipe.

The door at the top of the stairs is barred from the inside. There isn't much of a view from the small barred window, but from what Saeren can see, there is an inner hallway, with more orcs in all directions, covering the hallway leading to the keep's entrance.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Open pose now?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Go for it."

Saeren shakes her head and explains what she sees. "So far we've had the jump on them completely. I think we will need to be very clever to keep it that way." She uses the floor to show the positions of the enemy. "Sookie, Kaliera, do we have the firepower to destroy them all without being revealed? This door makes a stealth option seem impossible."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "How many is it, GM?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You could only see another half dozen, but from your maps of the keep, there's an upper balcony overlooking the room which could have many more."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Can our ghost friend help in any way?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Do you have something specific in mind? As far as I know, Kaliera and I haven't yet worked up what he can do, along the lines of walking through walls, being invisible, etc."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "exactly, the through walls thing, distracting kinda moves.. just thoughts :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "We've got some flexibility yet, since we haven't pinned ourself down. :) I could be alongside the idea of him providing a distraction. For that matter, Sookie can probably TK some orcs around - there's no clear indication anyone around here has the magical aptitude to trace it back to where she actually is."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "I have an idea; how big an area is that idea outside the door?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Are you familiar with they typical Human Keep layout? LIke with Old Hillsbrad?"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Yep."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You're at the door you go down to get to Thrall's dungeon. You can reasonably suspect the room to your right, with the overhead balcony, is set up as a killzone."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Okay then. This could work fairly well then. I can drop a Flash spell on the other side of the door; that would be sufficient, with what the others can do, to deal with them quickly. Most of them would be either blinded or with lowered dex; I can drop a Blur spell on Saeren and Shade, letting them act with a lowered chance of being hurt. We don't have, I don't think, much more firepower un...less... Sookie rips up a bunch of the stones in the floor and sends them straight upwards."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Saeren has fantastic aoe. if we can pile them into about 15 yards we can take em out."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "I don't think we have much in the way of massive fireballs we can use here, but having a flash of light, then the floor explodes, and then blurry things rush through, that's a terrifying thing."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Ah, okay. So we prepare, I do the flash, Sookie sends up rocks to make them gather and then Saeren does terrible things with arrows."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "yeah"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Sounds like an idea?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "or just corral them directly with TK :) either way sounds fine"

(OOC) Kaliera says, "Throw the onto the balcony! Then they're all gathered! :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "There's one guaranteed advantage you guys have from your current position. They're spread out in all directions to avoid just that kind of AoE attack. But if they have to chase you down the stairs..."

> (OOC) TidesGM wipes out the accidental IC pose

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "ooh, yes. I can use the Flare to get them to chase us"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "One last thing: You pretty much can't hope to stop them from raising the alarm."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "I'm basically okay with that. we have something like 3:1 superiority on these guys"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "So Saeren asked Kaliera and Sookie if you have the firepower to take them out. Now is a good time to answer basically "yes"."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Gotta find the pdf for my shattershot.. different puter."

Sookie thinks about it carefully. "Yah," she whispers finally. "They have no chance."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "http://asuna.memesis.org/gamebooks/GURPS/"

Saeren smiles at Sookie, "So.. who gets to go through the door first? Shade? You?"

> (OOC) Sookie summarizes!

In a few moments, Kaliera, Sookie and Saeren pool their resources. A plan that emerges is for Sookie to blast out the door, for Kaliera to blind those beyond, and for Saeren to smite them with her Sentinel's magic arrows. Shade will chase down any runners; the riskiest of the alarms that can be given is a shout.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "how does that sound?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Let's make it happen. THis part is going to be free-pose battle."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Kaliera, want to set it all off?"

Kaliera takes a moment to cast the spell on Shade, making the already-stealthy nightsaber's fur appear to bend on its own, in an almost painful manner to most eyes. Then, with a gesture, something like a small, softly glowing sphere appears in her hand. "Ready."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "so Sookie can grapple up to 4 simultaneously, and Shade can run 'em down with Slam attacks too. we should be able to keep plenty of confusion."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Shade now has a -5 to be hit from the Blur spell."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "go ahead and cover Sookie, the door and your Flash too. :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM checks on Kaliera.

And the door goes flying, as Sookie gives it an almost negligent push with one hand, her elemental power doing the rest of the work. Kaliera leans around the corner, looking at the orcs, and tosses the ball. As she ducks back, it flares as bright as the sun.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Sorry, was trying to get it right."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So, my turn to shoot and kill?"

There are howls of pain from above, as the brilliant flare blinds them. A fusillade of arrows follows, but the firing is haphazard and confused - and some even strike the orcs clustered in front of the stairs. Certainly, not a single shaft has any hope of coming anywhere near the Covenant.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Now it's your turn. :)"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "they have a -3 to dex skills and some of them may in fact be blinded for 3 seconds."

Saeren's shots don't miss. In the confusion Shade charges as the shafts of watery death flash by, destroying their targets. The great nightsaber slams full-speed into an orc, nearly breaking the enemy in half with the force of it.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "(Magic p. 112)"

Sookie follows Saeren, making sure to push and shove any targets that seem likely to regain their sight and run for it. A shout she can do nothing about, except to make whoever answers the call regret doing so.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sookie's turn is next. There are plenty of /very/ heavy tables and suchlike, which the orcs had been using as barricades, and which will make lovely projectiles."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "If you like, scything down balconies with flying tables would not be amiss."

> (OOC) Sookie will be preventin escape for the moment. let Saeren and Kaliera handle mop-up :)

> (OOC) TidesGM will do some more posing.

An orc frantically raises a horn to his lips, only to have it be splintered by an unerring shot. Three more head for the front of the keep, only to be hauled bodily backward and slammed head-first into the wall behind them. Yet another manages only one yell at the top of his voice before swooning, then collapsing into the barricade behind him, sound asleep. And as another trio attempts to do a coordinated yell, a wooden totem impales itself in the banister beside them, and their shouts disappear into nothing as the very air around them stifles their voice.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Thrown air totem with Silence on it :>"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "yaay Kagarn, the shaman-on-demand!"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Any further posing for mop-up?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Got one."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Same here"

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Saeren first :)"

Seeing the totem brings a grin to Saeren's lips. Still, she doesn't shoot, instead raising a finger to her lips in a shushing motion. The orcs raise weapons at the insult, but the great paws of Shade find them first, and in moments two heads roll silently past the totem.

One of the orcs flails around, hands empty, unable to see. Kaliera grants him a measure of mercy by using her staff to trip him; his head hits one of the support beams with a meaty thud; he may not be dead, but he's quite unconcious... and not getting in anyone's way.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "awesome. are we mopped up? ^\_^"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Let me go ahead and move forward then"

There is a voice in Orcish from the keep entrance. "<Oi! What's going on back there?>" he calls. "<You better not be brawlin' again!>" With no orc remaining in the inner keep to answer him, Shade has a few moments free to follow Keeshan's trail. It leads up the stairs to the second level, but not further on to the planning room; instead, the scent leads toward the back, to one of the stairs leading up to the outer parapet.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "oh good, I might get to shove orcs off the edge. o\_o"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "For our purposes, I'm going to assume that Jorgensen and the rest have already made their escape out the tunnel."

Saeren follows Shade, trusting Sookie to ensure any extras are given a lightning-hot welcome. There's a bit of a nervous weight settling in her gut, and she wants to waste no time.

The door to the stairs bursts open, and the lone orc on guard falls with an arrow to the throat. Behind him is a cage, with a heavily bound and gagged human. There is no doubt in Shade's mind: it's Keeshan.

And far behind, a voice rings out, in orcish. "<They're inside the keep! Find them!>" And the deep voice of an alert horn echoes through the keep.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Take it away!"

"We can fly," points out Sookie quickly. "Let's grab and run."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "GM, can that cage take a ST 30 cat prying it open?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "The cage is completely not a problem."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "And yes, Shade can do the opening."

Saeren nods curtly to Sookie, "Sounds like a great idea." The cage's sound of agony draws her attention swiftly back, just in time to see Shade finish tearing it wide open. There's no time for details, the cat simply takes hold of the prisoner and carries him out to the others.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Sookie's weight limit at full bore is 3600 lbs. if we can reach the open air - the parapet or wherever - we're outta here."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right, let's do it. YOu'll have to knock over a few orcs on the way up, but from there you should be able to wrap it up nicely."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "Is he awake, unconcious, or do I need to make a Diagnostic roll to figure it out? Having him mobile would be helpful."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. since we probably want to talk to Keeshan, GM, can you give us a nice clean pose outta here?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if not I'll do it."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "He's unconscious but easily revivable with a shaman and priestess in tow. Let me just go ahead and wrap us up."

A quick surge of healing magic from Kagarn has Keeshan up and about and ready to make a break for it. The adventurers rush the stairs in record time, and three orcish archers who had been waiting for an air assault fly screaming over the cliff. Their cries draw the attention of the rest of the keep's defenders, but by the time they can bring their weapons to bear, the power of the wind is already bearing the Covenant away with their prize.

---

The party regroups with the other three rescuees of Bravo Company, in the woods some distance from Stonewatch. Jorgensen, Krakauer, and Danforth are even more elated that their commanding officer made it out alive, than they are over their own rescue.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. Where do we go from here?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "we should get these guys back to Lakeshire."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "We've put a good whack on the orcs, and we need to get them back to Lakeshire to report in."

But the full debriefing must wait until later, once the party has safely conveyed them to Lakeshire, and reunited with Messner once more. The four hard-as-nails commandoes are almost fully recovered from their ordeal by then, and ready to party in celebration of their freedom - but first, Colonel Troteman must hear what they have to say.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "So do you all have any specific questions for them, or shall this just be Lakeshire business?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "was there any sign of black dragon presence - unusually assertive or capable orcs, or actual self-identified dragons? what is the overall orc plan at this time? do they expect reinforcements from the mountain?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Orcs that spoke with more skill than others, orcs that looked different (cleaner, neater, etc.) We're dragon fishing."

The orcs of Stonewatch Keep were not accustomed to keeping human prisoners for as long as they did - normally, humans are quickly interrogated and disposed of, as happened with Windsor. (That name, incidentally, merits an eyebrow-raise from the Colonel. "Yes, I've heard of him. Last I heard, he was headed to Blackrock Mountain - something about investigating a black dragon conspiracy of some sort. Shame about him - he was a good man.")

Kaliera tilts her head a little, as if listening, and nods slightly.

And because the orcs did not normally keep human prisoners, they were not used to watching their tongues around them.

The commander of Blackrock Keep is an orc - and there is no question he is an orc - known as General Gath'llzog. But several of the 'orcs' nominally under his command were different from the others. Sharper-tongued and sharper-witted. Darker of skin. And even crueler than most other orcs, if such a thing were possible. A few were explicitly known as political officers from Blackrock Mountain; several others were interspersed amongst the soldiers, though none below the rank of Blood Guard (the orcish equivalent of a sergeant).

And of course, a few weeks ago a black dragon openly visited the keep, and took command as if he owned the place. The recently captured Bravo Company, normally to be 'interrogated' and executed, were to be the bait in a trap for some mysterious and dangerous invaders from the north. His first attempt failed horribly, with the dragon returning to Stonewatch terribly injured and blinded - but even in this state, he was able to bully the orcs into turning Stonewatch itself into an elaborate ambush.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So he was blind and stupid at that point."

Keeshan adds, "Never mind drilling in underneath, where you _really_ foxed 'em was having your cat there track me by scent. The cage they had me in was some kind of elaborate magical device. Was supposed to make it look to magical scrying as if I was in the planning room at the top, right next to Darkblaze. If you'd tried to have Messner track me by magic, you'd have walked right into his parlor."

"It seems these dragons have no sense of the power we have in each other," says Saeren. "When all the free races combine their strength it will be the ultimate expression of that truth."

More to the point, though - _before_ Bravo Company had been captured, they'd learned quite a bit about the Blackrock orcs' movements. Stonewatch has been gradually been beefed up, with more orcs arriving from the mountain by the day. They seemed to be intent on taking advantage of Lakeshire's lack of support from Stormwind. _All part of the plan_, whispers Windsor's ghost in Kaliera's ear.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anything else?"

> (OOC) Sookie thinks that's good. the folks in charge here need to figure out their next move. Our goal is to get them comfortable enough to take the lamia, and we need to follow up on Windsor's data.

Kaliera takes a deep breath, and then says, to Windsor, _do you wish to speak to them?_

_I've had it out with Troteman before,_ responds Windsor. _Just like everyone else, he was not willing to take any action without proof. Proof I was never able to find._

With a small nod, Kaliera assents. Windsor's presence will remain known to the Covenant alone... for now.

Troteman bows to Saeren. "You and your friends have been invaluable to us. Rescuing Bravo Company alone has given us back the ability to investigate and harry the Blackrock's movements - but the damage you've done to the orcs in securing their escape will set back their timetable for weeks."

Kaliera says, "This information... perhaps it should be taken back to Stormwind, to try to shake loose reinforcements."

"Lamia will also reinforce, if allowed," points out Sookie.

Magistrate Solomon snorts. "Good luck with that, Kaliera. Stormwind seems to have all but forgotten our existence. But if you think you can do a better job, we'd be more than grateful." He raises an eyebrow at Sookie, and beckons Troteman and Lainsborough into a private conference.

Saeren turns to Kaliera and Sookie, "I think Stormwind has to have its boughs shaken. The Lamia can help, but I won't sit idly by letting my family bleed when the kin of these people won't even rouse themselves from sloth."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I want to sneak in a pose before that one.. please swap :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Go for it :)"

The conversation is brief and heated at times, though all three seem more than able to keep their tempers in check. And when they break up, they are smiling. "Lakeshire would be honored to have the lamia of the Covenant helping to guard the shores of Lake Everstill."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Swap complete."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Thanks :)"

With a nod, Kaliera assents. "We should make haste; if we can bring reinforcements, it must happen soon, and if there are problems... we need to return to assist our friends as quickly as we can." The last is said with a small smile towards Magistrate Solomon.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. I think it's time for closing poses :)"

"I don't have Ezra's grace with these matters," says Saeren. "I'd rather just go there, bark some orders, and break the noses of anyone who disagrees." She grins at Sookie and Kaliera, "Fortunately I have a friends who carry themselves with grace."

"We can manage in Stormwind. Grace and manners," agrees Sookie. One hand is filching food from Kaliera's bag as she speaks.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "since I posed Lainsborough in, feel free to have her smack Sookie's hand there :>"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "never mind, I'll do it."

Kaliera glances at the bag, then at Sookie, raising an eyebrow, and then she says, "I suppose I should get started on dinner, as someone is obviously feeling peckish."

Shade moves close to Saeren, settling his head in her lap. The cat's mouth opens and a smooth, calm voice comes out, "It is the best gift of all. Friends." His eyes shift to Kaliera, "Dinner is a close second."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "That was a perfect lead-in, Kaliera :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "And with that, I believe I want to close the session :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "With story arc XP."

> (OOC) Kaliera bows. I live but to serve.

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Kaliera - 8

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 8

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 8

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-02-26" stopped by TidesGM at Sun Feb 26 22:06:06 2012 CST (OOC)