Days have passed. The draenei, Drusilla, has remained with the night elves; although the chieftain of Zoram'gar has treated her with great respect and deference, her mistrust of the race that once shared her homeland does not fade easily. In the meantime, she has been learning the common tongue of Azeroth, while teaching her own language in her turn. And since time is pressing, the language lessons have been interspersed on a regular basis with discussions enhanced by magic.

"We came to this world in haste," she explains. "The naaru dimensional craft that carried our people was under attack from the blood elves of Outland, and we made our escape in the satellite craft Exodar. We jumped to this world, only to have a failure which caused the Exodar to crash-land on an island... far to the west, if I am not mistaken. And once we arrived, of course, we were set upon by the naga. That is how I was captured."

"We musst warn your people of the dangerss of this world you've come to," points out Ezra. "And... this may be the time to introduce yoursselves to your neighborss.... we journey north to Auberdine. If we vissit your wrecked home and your people, perhapss it will be to our mutual advantage."

Drusilla nods. "We are all too familiar with the naga, but I don't doubt they are even more dangerous on their home ground. We could use all the help we can get... and I think we can provide no small help of our own." She laughs softly. "I am not accustomed to speaking with one of your kind. Forgive me, but you appear as one of those unfortunates dragged from his grave by a crazed death-speaker."

Ezra just smiles. "You are correct, my friend. I am."

The draenei shakes her head. "You must tell me the tale of how you came to be. But for now... you are right. It is more important that we make contact with allies in this land." She nods to Kagarn. "Especially since it seems that some of your kind have strong ties to the elements. It is an art that we are only just beginning to learn."

Je'neu appears by the fire, bearing a box painted with red danger symbols. "Here you are," he says. "I got a job for you folks, if yer interested. I tink I come up with something to use de essence of Aku'mai for."

Ezra turns and looks. "Of coursse," he murmurs slyly.

Nerai perks up at Je'neu's offer... eyeing the box curiously.

Saeren looks at the box and then to Je'neu, expectant. "A weapon?"

"I been studyin de corpses of de naga what fell in de battle," Je'neu explains. "I weren't sure of it before, but now dat I had Aku'mai to study, I know. Dere's a curse on them. A curse so deep it's like part of what dey are now. Kinda like you, really," he says, nodding to Ezra, "only it be a curse of de Old Gods rather than a curse of death. An' dis chalice," he says, hefting the box, "carries de same sort o' curse."

Je'neu's brow furrows. "So I been thinking. De night elves tell me de naga used to be elves, like, ten thousand years ago. I bet dat's when the curse was put on dem. So if we can _break_ it somehow... I dunno what happen to dem. Maybe dey die. Or maybe... maybe dey forget about de Old Gods, forget dis madness where they think they have to drown the world. Dey can be their own people."

"The Highborne. Who could be scarcely more welcome in night elf lands," Ezra points out. "Sstill.... interessting. Do you think it can be done with Aku'mai?"

"Aku'mai is a crucial part o' it," says Je'neu. "If we c'n warp her essence, we c'n use it to turn de curse against itself. Problem is... I don't tink I know quite enough how to do it. But I know someplace you can start."

Ezra spreads his bandaged hands and gestures, encouraging the troll to continue. Some sort of hope seems to be taking hold of him.

"To de north of here, in Darkshore, dere's a place de night elves call the Master's Glaive. It's where an Old God was slain, and de weapon that killed him is still in de ground. Forty feet tall, it is. Nothing has moved it since den. An' it's a place of great power. Dere's echoes of an Old God dat has tasted defeat... and dere's de power of de glaive itself. If you can get de chalice dere..." Je'neu holds up a glowing white vial. "An' a bit of Aku'mai's essence. I tink you'll be able to do something wit it."

"That's pretty vague," notes Saeren. "What if we activate that weapon with the essence by accident?"

Ezra nods slowly. "Ssuch a place will no doubt be the headquarterss of the Twilight's Hammer," he observes after a moment's thought. "They will not exactly... welcome us with open arms."

"I have faith in Ezra and Kagarn," says Je'neu. "Besides, if nothing has happened to de weapon in over ten t'ousand years, wit all de powerful beings that have come and gone... I don't tink they'll be de first ones to manage it." He nods to Ezra. "Aye. Dey study dat place too. Dey're trying to find a way to free de Old God dere, or at least gain power from it."

Nerai looks over at Ezra. "Does anyone welcome us with open arms? I mean, honestly, it's hard to tell friend from foe, sometimes."

"That's why I went to Azshara. It was easy to tell," notes Saeren. "So, we hunt Twilight Hammer? Sounds fun."

"Many would welcome uss. We ssimply have no business in those placess, no," murmurs Ezra. "What we musst do requires that we go among enemies. That is the way of things, yes."

Nerai says, "It is, however, a tiring life..."

"I tink you guys can handle it," says Je'neu. "I need to stay behind. Maybe I c'n come up wit more ways to use de essence of Aku'mai."

---

Drusilla will be traveling north along with the adventurers on her way to Auberdine. Along with her is a hand-picked escort of sentinels picked by Orendil of Maestra's Post, as well as one other.

"I am Delgren. My kind are known as humans. Light be with you," he says, reaching out to shake her hand. She stares at him for a long moment in astonishment... then reaches out to return the handshake. "Light be with you as well," she says in thickly-accented Common, and a soft white sigil glows forth from her forehead. The radiance is unpleasant for Ezra to look at, but draws astonished delight from Delgren.

As the larger party sets off to the north, Delgren is enthralled by what he learns from Drusilla of a race of beings called the naaru... and she likewise is excited to discover that there are warriors of the Light on Azeroth.

This matter, of course, is of little interest to the others, who are intent on the more pressing matter of the naga threat, nor to the sentinels who are chiefly concerned with protecting the impromptu draenei ambassador on her journey to Auberdine. Things are relatively peaceful on the journey, though, and soon they reach a crossroads.

"The Master's Glaive is this way, through the woods," notes Kagarn, nodding to Delgren. "You should proceed to the Grove of the Ancients; we will meet with you there when our business concludes." Delgren nods, and the others continue on the road, leaving the adventurers to their task.

The Master's Glaive is not hard to spot from a distance, even through the dense forests of Darkshore. There is a glow through the trees that marks the way, and soon the enormous hilt of a polearm is visible in the middle distance.

The polearm is driven into a cracked dome of rock thirty feet wide; the rock is a pale white and reminiscent of a skull. And of course, around the base of the rock, there are a collection of humanoid figures wearing the all-too-familiar purple robes or armor of the Twilight's Hammer, as well as a shadowy voidwalker and a tiny demon.

Nerai looks across the landscape... "Not that I'm complaining, but I would think there would be more of 'em..."

"You know, for as close as this is to Auberdine, the sentinels sure do a lax job," notes Saeren.

"Ssaeren.. see if you can issolate a group of cultissts and bring them to uss," Ezra murmurs.

"You mean shoot them?" asks Saeren.

Ezra nods. "But shoot those who will bring only a few friends."

"Very well," she replies, before moving into the brush and vanishing into the wood.

Saeren studies the nearest cultists with a practiced eye. The nearest group consists of two robed figures, both accompanied by demons, and a handful of heavily armored orcs with scythes. The armor appears ill-fitting and beaten, though, and the scythes rusty and notched.

Saeren can only shoot and see what happens at this point. The guards aren't going anywhere and the twilight hammer are about as boring as the sleeping dead. She fires three times at one of the grunts, finding her target twice, but having little more effect than to get some disgruntled attention.

As the Twilight's Hammer guard howls in pain, the coven snaps to attention. The little imp is the first to move, bounding forward and squealing something in Eredun as it conjures a bolt of fire that blasts into Saeren.

Nerai runs up to the forest edge, ready to play 'catcher' for anything that decides to come our way.

And the first thing to come Nerai's way is a magical attack. Though Kagarn raises his totem to stop it, the gnome is not distracted, and calls out, "Die, wretched goblin!" A bolt of dark energy lashes out, slamming into Eecee's armor.

The night elf fires again, but this time she won't be wasting shot on enemies using weapons just slightly more dangerous than farming implements. Two arrows are buried into the human warlock, wounding, but not killing the target.

Saeren's victim clutches at the arrow piercing her and cries out in pain. She utters a brief phrase in Eredun and points at Nerai, then raises her hands into the air and intones a longer phrase in Eredun. Flames erupt briefly from the ground behind her, and two smaller imps stride out of the flames...

The imps immediately conjure fire and fling them at the steam armor. This time, however, they have little effect.

Grunting with pain, the wounded orc runs forward, hampered as much by his armor as by the arrows in his chest. Behind him, the voidwalker glides over the earth at a more deliberate pace.

Hunched over, Ezra scuttles through the underbrush away from his companions. Sparkles of arcane power surround him, and he fires them off in the direction of one of the imps.

More armored orcs charge recklessly forward, intent on the steam armor. Meanwhile, Kagarn rests a hand on Saeren and invokes a minor blessing of the spirits upon her.

This blessing does little to save her, though, when one of the imps conjures another ball of flame, the blast this time knocking the wind out of her.

Nerai steps in to fall in line with the orcs, her blade and morningstar swinging through the air at one of her foes, missing her target by a wide margin.

The gnome glares at the enemies and begins to call forth demonic energies again. This time, however, the elements are successful at disrupting his power, and Kagarn chuckles softly at the gnome's furious hollering.

The human, meanwhile, is left unmolested. Another bolt of energy lashes out and strikes Ezra, searing him with demonic force.

In the wake of the shadowy bolt, the two newly summoned imps hop across the sodden turf, their eyes glowing as they peer at Ezra...

The wounded orc sidles around Eecee, swinging his scythe furiously to no effect... while leaving room for the shadowy demon that takes his place and swings a dark fist at Eecee as well.

Again the Forsaken mage lashes out with his arcane power. This time, however, the nasty little imp dies with a surprised and pained squeal.

Kagarn invokes a stronger prayer, and Saeren's charred flesh mends itself beneath his hands. Meanwhile, the orcs continue to swarm around Eecee - and Nerai notices that they seem to be herding her into position for an attack.

Nerai, surrounded by Orcs in Eecee, spins around, crashing both weapons into one of the orcs. As her weapons slam into the orc guard, she steps back, rolling to her right to try and stave off being totally surrounded.

Saeren, at this point, is really hating warlocks. As she shoots she levels curse words in half the languages she knows. The first arrow tears through the human, the next nearly knocks the gnome to the ground, and the third finishes the job. Even with that much blood spilt, the rage in the night elf's eyes is burning hot.

The surviving imps bounce forward a little more and take aim at Ezra. Their fireballs, however, are not the equal of their bigger and tougher cousin, and Ezra's bandages are barely blackened by the blazing bolts.

The orcs continue to mill around Nerai, hampering her retreat... and as the voidwalker moves in, she realizes that she has nowhere to go. The shadowy fist slams heavily into her, rocking the armor, and she is briefly assailed by horrifying visions of her dwarven mentor being tortured and murdered by the Jointrust clan. The visions pass, leaving her briefly shaken.

Ezra wipes out one of the conjured imps with a contemptuous burst of arcane energy, still watching the melee developing around Eecee.

Bereft of their leadership, the orcs continue their assault on the armor. This time, one of their number takes advantage of the scrum to make a serious strike against the armor itself, but Nerai spots the attack coming in time and manages to swerve clear.

Nerai stumbles as the melee vanguard surrounds her. She looks at the two most likely suspects, already bleeding from their previous wounds. SHe decides to split up her action, trying to take both down. In doing so, she misses both, the second by a wide margin.

Seeing no less than a swarm of orcs on top of Eecee, Saeren has no lack of targets. She fires three times, the first shot disabling the orc she started with earlier, the second leaving a gaping, charred stump where its head was, and the third killing another wounded orc.

Without the support of its allies, the voidwalker can no longer place any solid hits on Eecee. The lone surviving imp is more successful in its own attack on Ezra, but hardly does any damage regardless.

Again the wizard makes his arcane attack, but the second imp is hardier than the first.

The orcs continue to assault the steam armor. Coordinating their attacks, they manage to get a solid hit with a scythe that rocks Eecee's armor and nicks the hull still further. Kagarn, meanwhile, is busy restoring the damage still being done to Saeren, all the while uttering muttered curses against foul warlock magic.

Nerai flails her weapons at the one orc attack left on her left side. She bashes the morning star down hard agains thte orc's shoulder, bashing a sizable chunk from it's body.. The swinging sword fails to connect and finish the grunt off, however.

Saeren notices the tiny imp pestering Ezra and turns her wrath against it. The arrow connects and the imp simply vanishes in the explosion of fire, leaving a smouldering pile of ash in its wake. Her next shot strikes the only wounded orc, and the third bounces off its armor.

The summoned demon continues attacking Eecee, paying no attention to the fact that its orcish allies are no longer assisting its attacks. The creature's fists glance off Eecee's armor to no effect.

With the imps disposed of, Ezra turns his arcane attention on the orcs. One of the grunts bears the full brunt of his attack. However, the blood-crazed scions of Draenor are made of sterner stuff than a simple demon.

The orcs continue their coordinated assault, though in this case the would-be killing blow is sufficiently weak that it fails to do more than scratch the armor. Meanwhile, seeing that Saeren is no longer so badly off, Kagarn joins in the attack, planting a totem in the ground; a ghostly serpent's head rears up from the totem and spits a fireball at one of the orcs, burning it severely.

Nerai watches his companions fill the orcs around her and Eecee with damage. With a hopeful gasp, she swings her weapons at each of the wounded orcs, the morningstar bouncing off of the one on her left flank's armor, adding another dent to his dingy appearance. She swivels, and draws her sword, breaking through the orcs already damaged breastplate, and slashing a large gauge in his chest.

Saeren is able to bring down an orc and maim another, but her clean-up shot on the nearly expired orc behind Eecee is deflected harmlessly. "A few more should do it," she growls.

Without the help of its friends, the voidwalker seems quite unable to make any headway against the steam armor or its occupant. Apparently, it does not care about this. Its eyes glow a deep purple as it methodically swings its fists at Nerai, never once managing to connect.

Another of the cult's orcs feels the sting of Ezra's magic. He's content now not to slay, merely to injure - the elven archer seems quite capable of dealing with the survivors of his blasts.

The orcs, greatly diminished in numbers, begin to herd Eecee toward the voidwalker again. Their number diminishes still further as the summoned snake belches forth a deadly fireball, while Kagarn himself returns to heal the damage that continues to rack Saeren's body.

Nerai's weapons swing through the air, with altogether more grace they they've shown effectiveness this day. Her morning star crashes into the orc still vanguarding the voidwalker, while the blade bounces ineffectivly off the orc behind Eecee.

Saeren's bow sings again, but this time seems a bit out of tune. The first strike is true enough, killing one of her foes, but the next two do little more than chip armor and threaten the trees.

Though its allies have fallen, the voidwalker is able to press its advantage, its fist slamming heavily into the armor. Once again, Nerai is assaulted with fleeting visions of horror and death, and once again she shakes them off.

Almost the last of Ezra's arcane darts pierce the orc to Eecee's left, and the mage nods in satisfaction as he begins striding across the shadowed forest floor toward the steam armor.

The serpent head spews a ball of fire at the surviving target - the voidwalker - though the shadows partially regenerate as quickly as they are seared away. It has rather less luck when Kagarn raises his totem and sears the unnatural creature with the power of lightning.

Nerai returns to her lone opponent, turning both of her weapons onto the purple shade. THe Spiked ball, and the sword tear through the purple figure, renting whatever tenuous hold it had on this plane, leaving on the physical manifestations of it's slavery left on the ground.

As the last enemy fades into nothingness Saeren asks, "Was that group small enough?"

Nerai looks to her companions. "Resistance is getting tougher."

"But remains futile," replies Saeren.

Kagarn points out through the trees. "Yet we have gone unnoticed. The way to the foot of the Glaive is clear." Indeed, there is movement in the trees beyond the Glaive, but none of it seems to have any interest in the battle here.

Ezra nods. "Then let uss use the time we have bought with blood."