Traveling along the Southfury River, the party eventually reaches a bridge that marks the boundary between the peaceful forest of Ashenvale and the wilderness known as Azshara. From there, it is a mere half day's journey to Valormok, the last Horde outpost before civilization gives way to the wildlands.

They are greeted cordially, once Ezra presents the credentials given to him in Orgrimmar, and there is time to discuss the news. "You're heading further into Azshara?" asks one of the orc scouts. "Dangerous business. A lot more naga activity than usual. And our local vigilante sent us a note this morning, saying there's a whole bunch of murlocs out there too, prowlin' around."

"That doesn't ssurprise me," Ezra says at last. "We have sseen other aquatic activity in Durotar. We would be too lucky if it was an isolated occurance, yes.."

Alea'sha is not surprised by bad news of this nature. "We knew this wouldn't be the easiest path," she says calmly. "I hope with skill we can avoid their eyes, but it seems they are doing their best to make even that difficult. I don't know these lands well. What path do you suggest we take?"

Zul'Houngan hrms, and just looks. It's not like our road is going to be easy ever. He makes little sounds, simply grunting at the orc.

The scout shakes his head. "You say you're headed to Winterspring? Honestly, one way's as good as another." He points out a road heading along the edge of the cliffs to the northwest. "If you go along this, you should get to a good point to climb the cliffs..." His clawed finger traces along the road. "Right about here. Any closer and you'll come up in the middle of a bunch of demons, any further and you'll be spending too long down here."

"I'll have to get a feel for the winds here, but that won't take long," says Alea'sha. "And while I'm sure the enemy won't scout much around the demons that is hardly incentive to get close. We'll find our way through."

The orc smiles slightly. "Fortunately, the cliff is steep enough that the demons don't usually bother to come down. And we're glad of it. Bad enough dealing with the naga, especially these days."

"Thanks for the suggestions. At least part of Azshara's greeting party doesn't say hello with blades and lightning," says Alea'sha. "Good luck to you."

---

The party sets out early in the morning, hoping to make as much progress as they can before nightfall. The air is beginning to grow cold as they travel further north, and broad-leaved trees give way to fir and pine. They see few signs of any life - what wildlife is present is skittish and flees at the first sign of humanoids, though the party does see a pair of hippogryphs once, flying hig above them.

It is when they are setting camp early in the evening that the first sign of danger arises. Ezra is the first to spot signs of trouble, back the way they came. Peering through the trees, he sees movement - and a hint of glistening bluish-green skin.

In moments, he realizes that the invaders have seen them too. And with an all-too-familiar gurgling cry, a murloc rushes out of the early-evening gloom, hurling a spear at the mage.

As Ezra's raven flies south into the gloaming, Ezra launches off a minor firebolt with a precisely-worded, clipped intonation. He is rewarded with a wailing yelp.

As the flamed murloc writhes in pain, a second rushes up beside it, hurling a spear of its own, the wooden shaft plunging into the earth ten feet in front of Ezra.

The burned murloc, gargling with rage, continues his plunge forward and throws a second javelin. This one skewers the mage neatly through his unnaturally preserved flesh.

With eyes far calmer than the raging fury in her soul, Saeren Finblighter says hello to her most hated enemies. The bow sings and fire erupts around the arrow as it shreds through the scales of the naga. Barely breathing, Saeren remains in her perch, already starting to reach for her next arrow.

For her part, the naga flinches, turns to face her new attacker, and hisses with rage. "Curses! The interloper too!" she growls in Nazja. Her hands wave in a complicated pattern as she intones a spell, and vanishes from sight.

Zul'Houngan looks over the field at the approaching Murloc, and mumbles a few things under his breath. He tosses a bit of cinnamon stuck across the battlefields, in the direction of the advancing Murloc, and the already slightly charry Murloc falls over, already so many fish sticks.

As Alea'sha bides her time, waiting for the moment to strike, one of the surviving murlocs moves between his mistress and the night elf interloper, hurling a spear that nearly finds its mark but glances harmlessly off her armor.

Two can play at this game. With a muttered incantation, Ezra too vanishes from sight.

The other surviving murloc also advances on Saeren's tree and throws his own spear, only to see the shaft sail harmlessly through the branches.

Ezra's familiar swoops high above the ground, its sharp hearing listening for movement. Somewhere further down the road, it can just make out the sound of slithering.

Saeran watches the ground carefully, finding the tell-tale path of her enemy and letting loose. With a hissed curse she can see she has missed and is already reaching to draw yet another arrow to try again.

There is still very little visible sign of the naga, but her frantic slithering can be heard. She is making her way back along the road as fast as her tail can carry her.

Alea'sha moves forward and raises a hand, flicking a finger towards her target. A single drop of water from a moonwell glistens upon it and a brilliant mass of moonfire plunges down on the nearest murloc.

The other murloc winces at the brilliant display, but doesn't let it distract him from throwing another spear at the night elf. Unfortunately for it, this spear misses the archer by mere inches.

Zul'Houngan pulls another lump of spice from his pocket, and tosses it in the direction of the Murloc. The Murloc starts to smolders, red-orange flames still licking off of his flesh.

Ignoring the glowing white moonfire still licking about its limbs, Alea'sha's victim continues to make his stand, hurling a javelin at Saeren's perch. Once again, the steel spear-head glances harmlessly off her armor.

As the wolf runs forward, preparing to deal with the murlocs, Ezra's raven flies past them all, heading in the direction it last heard the naga.

Seeing the naga flee in a direction that doesn't make sense bothers the night elf a great deal. Not a known camp. It's the unknown things that might get her killed out here. Besides, she has a reputation to maintain. She leaps from the tree and races through the wood, and though eyes may follow her progress, she leaves no trail in her wake.

As Saeren rushes forward, she can distinctly hear the rustling in the undergrowth as the naga leaves the road again and strikes out east, away from the cliff.

Seeing the moonfire continue to tear into her first target, Alea'sha stalks forward, trusting her friend to finish what has been started. Or counting on arriving soon enough.

Gargling in pain, the murloc that Zul'Houngan torched rolls frantically on the ground until it manages to put out the flames. It then climbs to its feet again and dashes off, pursuing the night elf.

Gargling angrily, the moonfire-laden murloc breaks into a run, following the night elf down the path.

Ignoring the scalding and half-dead murlocs pursuing her, Saeren is just as focused as her arrows. The naga is still there, and before she will slaughter it's allies she will spill all of its blood. She races on, taking the best measure she can of her slower foe and moving ahead to get time for at least one more shot on the enemy. This time she will not miss.

The rustling that Saeren has been tracking pauses and comes to a stop. There is a brief muttered curse in Nazja, and then silence reigns over the woods of Azshara.

Alea'sha moves forward more slowly than the others, and again the power of moonfire is called forth. This time when the brilliant light ends there is only a steaming corpse left in its wake.

Unaware of the invisible swarm that has been shadowing his mistress' movements, and for that matter unaware where the mistress herself is, the surviving murloc does the only thing it can think to do: pursue the night elf that it knows to be a huntress of itself and its allies.

Across the link shared by Alea'sha and her friend the message comes as a soft request. Hearing the suggestion the wolf charges forward, seeking the night elf archer.

Saeren notices the murloc following her with bemused rage. It is wasting her time. Effortlessly she draws back the string of her bow and lets fly another arrow. She turns as the creature tumbles back, dead. Her focus is once again upon the naga, and now there are no distractions.

Alea'sha races along after the others, darting through bramble and grass with equal ease. Like the night elf, no trail is left to mark her passage.

The Forsaken wizard is nowhere to be seen. But ever since he vanished in response to the naga sorceress, it's a good guess that he intends to engage in a wizard's duel with her.

Zul'Houngan moves up near the WOlf, and calls out, "Hey! Where did it go?"

From the east, Ezra's raven familiar squawks.

Saeren calls back to the troll, "Somewhere about.. here." She lets fly another arrow after moving a little closer, into the rough center of the spot where she last heard the naga. "She's not moving now." With a smirk she trails off into Nazja, delivering a most colorful string of vile insults.

Watching the spot indicated, Alea'sha moves close, trying to cut off the naga entirely.

And now it becomes a game of cat and mouse, as Zul'Houngan invokes the power of the spirits to sense the magic behind the naga's spell, and the wolf uses its more mundane abilities to track down the naga by her scent.

The wolf's nose draws it close and with a low growl it leaps forward, jaws snapping at flesh that its eyes cannot see and finding their mark. The wolf rears back, tearing free with a jaw dripping with blood.

Howling in pain, the naga suddenly emerges from the shadows, her hands waving frantically as she chants...

Barely breathing, Saeren watches the wolf's successful attack, but she can make no use of it. Until the naga reveals itself. The night elf whispers something under her breath and narrows her eyes. The string is released, the shot perfectly aimed. It rips through the neck of the naga, pinning the creature to a tree and scorching its hated flesh.

The Forsaken arcanist steps forth from thin air, rippling into visibility and chuckling. "Well done, well done, sentinel," he wheezes in Darnassian.

Saeren moves forward towards the naga and inspects it, making sure it's very dead. She looks to the forsaken and blinks slowly. "You know the language of my people." She looks to the others, narrowing her eyes slightly at the sight of the high elf, but then peering beyond them for a moment as she reasons something out. "These were hunting you." It's not a question. She sizes up Ezra slowly, but does not hold her weapon ready, "Why?"

"There is an Old One in the ssea. Masster of the murlocs, the naga, perhapss other creatures, yes?" Ezra's bandaged face twists into what for him is a smile. "We are bringing an important magical relic of theirs to Wintersspring for sssafekeeping. We hope to learn more about them."

"And the naga do not want you to reach Winterspring?" asks Saeren.

"They are upssset that we have this relic. Perhaps they wissh revenge for the death of Lady Ssatha, hmm." Ezra chortles a bit. "Lady Val'jara's defffeat as well."

"Then you will reach Wintersping," says Saeren. "But first we must quickly attend to the fallen."

Alea'sha frowns uncertainly at the newcomer, but will not argue with good sense, even if it comes from a night elf. She makes attempts at conversation as she helps hide the bodies, but soon finds it is far more comfortable to just be silent around the stoic night elf.

Zul'Houngan looks up after the Detect Magic spell wears off and looks over the newcomer Elf. "Thanks fer ur help back there." He grunts around his protruding tusks.

Saeren clearly has hidden bodies before, and she makes a point of stabbing arrows into the bodies as she does so. She cannot fool a smart enemy, but the stupidity of her enemies has surprised her before. To Zul'Houngen she says, "Anyone the naga seek to kill is my friend, even if I am not their friend."

"With the Old Godss rising and bringing their servants, you are our ally," smiles Ezra. "Tell me, ssentinel.. we must carry a message to the night elvesss as well as the Horde. Will you aid usss in this?"

"I can bear messages, but if you will reach Winterspring you will need my help," says Saeren. "The naga are far more active than I've seen before. I think you must be the reason why. I doubt it will be long before they know you have passed through here, as well." Having to speak so much clearly irritates the night elf. "We must move swiftly."

Ezra nods. "Very well then."