> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-07-04" started by Sookie at Mon Jul 4 18:48:55 2011 CDT (OOC)

Sookie's first foray into dress-wearing has proven devastating, if you judge the experience by combat utility - which she does. The dancing is exciting, reminding the girl of her youth. Learning to dodge arrows, avoiding cuffs from angered teachers or running in step with other children during drills; all these things taught her the values of grace, poise and coordination.

But a dress is for dancing, and dancing is not for fighting. But it's so nice looking, and she's been hoping for it so long. Sookie resolves to find a compromise.

"Na, na, goshi," she calls, attracting Kagarn's attention, and explains that she wants one more thing made. When she explains, the tauren rubs his horn thoughtfully, but gives his approval. Clutching a bag of gold coins in her hands, Sookie darts off.

And as she leaves, Ezra approaches. "Ahh good. Kagarn, I wish to talk to you about that creature," he explains.

---

The Finespindles are gnomes. Fimble Finespindle manages a small team of gnomish and dwarvish apprentices, while Bombus handles the books and interacts with customers. Today he has an odd one, with an odd request.

"Na, na," Sookie calls. She drapes her new dress carefully over the countertop, gesturing at it. "Make this. But leather. Also, cut so I can move in it. Want fight, no rip or restrain. I have gold." She hefts the sack of money.

Fimble joins his brother Bombus at the counter. He peers for a solid minute at the garment, twisting his beard into ever-more-intricate shapes with one hand while he considers the problem. "You'll have to cut it down the sides," he says finally, pointing with a hand. "Here, and here, and here. Straps to hold the pieces together, or it'll just fly up and goodness knows you'll have _distracted_ your opponent, but it'll get in your way too. Hmm! A good solid section across the chest, laced to a separate piece around the abdomen, should give you plenty of movement and support."

At last the craftsman looks up, to appraise the wearer rather than the prototype. "Yes, yes, I see. Hm. Hm! I think the skeleton of the thing will be quite different than the way this dress is laid out, but I think we can at least make it _look_ similar on the outside. Will that be sufficient?"

Sookie bobs her head. "Want fight in dress," she agrees fiercely. "No worry about skeleton."

Fimble does a few calculations, sliding an abacus across the counter to his brother. "About this much leather..." Sookie interrupts. "Na, I told there yeti and other creatures on mountain. Tell me what you need. I go hunting, bring whatever you need."

Both brothers raise their eyebrows at this announcement. "Maybe we can talk about a price reduction then," Bombus announces. "We had a big order come in a few weeks ago for the Stormpike. Let's help each other!"

Sookie is brought to Balthus Stoneflayer, head tanner, who has a fairly detailed map of Dun Morogh and a bestiary of creatures and the leather that they yield. After consultation on the problem, he confers with Fimble for a few minutes and together they make a list of animals Sookie should watch out for. In particular, the girl's eyes light up when she hears a mention of "yeti".

---

A day later, the bodies of the Sookie's collection effort could fill several wagons. A flying huntress who need not waste ammunition and who has no problem hauling her own kills is clearly not what the tanners of Ironforge expected - they have material and to spare. Much of Kagarn's gold will be returned to him at this rate, even with a new request.

"Make it red all over, with fur trim! And yellow lightning!" is the girl's wish. In spite of this, the dwarves think that a tasteful appearance is possible, and the gnomes are encouraged to restrain themselves somewhat. They get to work.

A dyer is assigned to work on the coloration, and the tanners get started. The yeti and other creatures are skinned, and the skins are set to soak in a cistern high above the city proper. Hair fibers are methodically removed with the help of a concoction of lime between bouts of heavy pounding. As the skin is stretched out, an acidic substance from Dun Morogh's hardy trees is applied to it.

The resourceful denizens of Ironforge make use of everything from salt gathered from the ocean west of the valley to the ice of the mountains in which they live. Sookie has never worked her skins in this way, nor done tanning with such precision - her way usually involves far cruder and smellier methods - and she watches in fascination during the times she's not called on to practice dancing.

At the end of the second day, the hides are pronounced ready. Surely some sort of magic has been used, Sookie guesses. Some of the more delicate, thinner pieces have already been taken off for testing, and Fimble calls her in for fitting. The fitting itself isn't of the final product - that will take a week, the gnome estimates - but for the cage of bone that the work will build atop. "Harpies!" Bombus explains, while Fimble bustles about, occasionally urging Sookie to stop fidgeting. "We got a shipment of harpy bones from the Explorer's League on Kalimdor. The League headquarters had nothing to do with 'em so we bought the lot for very cheap. Light, long, _very_ well preserved. Should be just the thing."

And over the next week, the leather battle-dress begins to take shape. Sookie stops by every day to watch it. A combination of cinnabar and a darker red the gnomes call "Alizarin crimson" is used across most of the garment. The yellow highlights, stylish enough, are supplied by imports of "Stranglethorn saffron", also called turmeric, bought from the Steamwheedle Cartel operating out of Booty Bay.

The battle-dress won't cover some parts of the legs, and goes no further than the upper arms, so Fimble takes note of the original dress. Silk is pleasant, but wool is adequate for armor. A few layers of dyed wool are enough to match, in shape and color, the rest of the piece, and these he grafts expertly into place on the dress.

---

The whole thing is finished, and Sookie slides herself into the dress, taking care to tie the fastenings of one layer before covering them with the next. The whole thing wears like an onion, all overlapping pieces, but her first few experiments at motion prove that it works in principle.

"Need practice now," Sookie mutters, stepping out of the leatherworkers' establishment. Behind her, the gnomes are happily counting out their payment.

"I can help with that, yess," a voice comes. It's an unearthly voice, reedy, and its owner is a hunched-over creature all bandaged. Sookie recognizes the description from Kagarn's explanation.

"You Ezra," she says warily. The thing is clearly undead, a stark white and black in its coat and hat and bandages, and unpleasant of odor.

"That'ss right," admits Ezra. "A friend of Kagarn, yes. I ssspoke to him. You wissh to tesst yourself. I can oblige you via illussion and sspell. Will you come with me?"

Sookie hesitates. But Kagarn trusts him. "Okay."

---

Outside the gates of Ironforge, Sookie tests her new boots carefully in the snow. The soles are soft, but with strips of hard hide to permit passage over rough ground without compromising stealth. They leave peculiar tracks on the white ground. She begins gathering her hair behind her, tying it into a long ponytail, as Ezra walks ahead of her to a clearing.

With a word, the wizard conjures forth an armored and armed naga from shadow and sorcery. "Now," he says with a polite gesture. "Thiss illusion will fight as well as any naga I have sseen. Do as you wissh, yes."

Sookie starts with physical attacks: punches, kicks, even biting. She puts herself through every motion she can imagine herself making in a fight; the illusory naga responds defensively, but does not - yet - attack.

"An interessting piece of construction," remarks Ezra. "At the beginning it was just primitive animal material. Refine it, polish it, perfect it, unify it with art and dedication. The result iss elegant and beautiful."

Sookie hesitates in her attack; her naga opponent withdraws. "Is good dress," she says neutrally, eyeing Ezra with some distrust.

"I mean you," the wizard points out, and the girl turns on him, fists clenched. But he continues. "Kagarn told me. He found you living wild in the midlandss, yess. Ssouth of Alterac. A mud-encrusted yeti killer."

"Nothing wrong with mud," Sookie protests, scowling. "Dalaran wizards not see me. They very dumb. You the same."

"You did well to avoid their attentions," Ezra remarks, ignoring the insult. "They very well may have dissected you, yes. Captured you, bound you to sstudy. I wass once one of them, it iss true. Now I am not."

Sookie lunges suddenly into another series of attacks against the naga illusion. Not until she's worked up a good lather does she speak again, between labored breaths. "Now you undead. Monster."

Ezra laughs. "Monsster? Oh yes. My child, we both are." The girl wheels at this, unwilling to take any more; Ezra feels himself trapped, bound by the power of the storm, and lifted from where he stands.

"Shut up!" she shouts. But Ezra just chuckles. "My child, I am both man and monsster. As are you. The ssavage creature of Hillsbrad lies in your heart still. But..." With a word, Sookie finds her power dispelled. Ezra falls to the ground again. "Within you is also an elegant woman, a _noble_ woman. Of virtue, of beauty, of compassion. Child, it is your choice which of these servess you besst at any moment. Choose, and wear the form you need, jusst as you change from furs to dress to leather."

And as Sookie struggles for words, Ezra again adopts the cloud of dust form, and emerges from it a living man. The girl peers; this is beyond her, and she steps forward. "You change," she says warily.

"You have changed much," Ezra says softly, a smile on his living face once he pulls the bandages away. "Saeren is quite proud of you. Kagarn is too. And Nerai. Although we have only just met, I must say that I am too."

Sookie pokes cautiously at Ezra, finding living flesh. "You change," she repeats. "Huh. You not like Dalaran wizards." She thinks back a moment, recalling her experiences with Saeren, the lessons of manners. "I sorry for attacking you," she whispers.

"Think nothing of it." Ezra dismisses the event with a wave of a hand. "Would you like to resume your practice?"

Sookie pauses. Whatever this man is, he's still friends with Kagarn. He hasn't proven himself trustworthy, but.. he has that same thing that Saeren and Nerai seem to have. Acceptance? She isn't sure what it is yet, but she likes it. "Yah. Only.. one naga too weak. Make more."

Ezra bows low. "As my lady commands."

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-07-04" stopped by Sookie at Mon Jul 4 20:24:04 2011 CDT (OOC)