> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-11-23" started by Sookie at Thu Nov 24 01:11:40 2011 CST (OOC)

Sookie remembers when the woman - the Lady - spoke with Kagarn.

"The child has a feral heart," she had said. "Her speech is unrefined. She has learned of love, but she is crippled by her inability to express herself. This will prove fatal to her in the long run. She has had enough of kindness. Now is the time for discipline. I will accept the burden of teaching her. You and the elf have done what you can."

She was just a human, standing in the shadow of the shaggy tauren. Yet Sookie remembers thinking that she was bigger somehow, big enough to challenge anything that Kagarn might have said. But he did not object. And in a short while Sookie was kneeling, swearing the elementals' oath of loyalty as she had before. The Lady was _goshi_ now, the Kalimag word meaning 'master' in the human tongue. Elementals knew better. What it really means is 'the way of things'. And the Lady's way was now unquestionably Sookie's.

---

Sookie remembers The Day. At dawn, she was greeted by the Lady. And she began casting spell after spell. Sookie found her mind changing, growing, expanding to accommodate waves of new knowledge. "My knowledge of etiquette and housekeeping is now yours, girl," the Lady said, severely, noting Sookie's reaction. "For today you will serve as the maid, in all capacities. You will observe my daily routine, serve guests who present themselves, and comport yourself as the servant of a noblewoman. Do you understand?" And to Sookie's great surprise, she did.

She dressed herself. Knowledge flowed into her. _This_ is what it felt like to be an elemental. To know right and wrong, to know one's place. When the storm raged, Sookie could feel its will, and she echoed it. When the lightning shouted from the high places, she knew to bellow back. When the wind raged and tore at the fragile dwellings of man, she felt its urges as though they were hers. This was not a storm at all - it was gentle, even more delicate than a stream.

Pockets of order were all around her. Morning tea and breakfast lay in pieces throughout the kitchen, needing only a few minutes of assembly. The clothes could be cleaned, just like that. The sweeping and composting and burning awaited. She felt the house had shaken itself apart somewhat, and only needed the caress of a hand to brush its component pieces into their proper place.

Her friends came over for breakfast at the proper time. She greeted them at the door, knowing just when they were due. She heard them talk with other visitors from the kitchen. She served, and took dishes, and felt alive.

---

The guests were gone. "Tea time," the Lady said, but unnecessarily. Sookie was already preparing it. As she served the Lady, and then obeyed the woman's gesture of invitation to join in, a thought came to her. And she spoke, with the erudition of the lady's magic. "My lady, why is tea time so important to you?"

"What is nobility?" the lady countered.

Sookie thought through this. Some of what she might say was borrowed knowledge, taken from the lady's own mind. There was no sense in repeating it. "Among the elementals, there is a code called the _varkotha tuka_, the Nobility of the four Forces. If an elemental is not bound into an ordered existence, it is pure chaos. It indulges its most basic nature. But.. I don't understand what tea could have to do with any of that."

The Lady sipped. "Among humans, it's not order and chaos. It's light and darkness. Or you could say understanding and ignorance. While there are some noblemen, such as those in Stormwind, who do nothing but indulge themselves, they have strayed from the truth."

"Nobility is not the drinking of tea with wealthy peers while one's peasants starve. Nobility is not the selfless doing of good deeds. Nobility, child, is the lighting of a fire in the darkness, and rallying one's fellows around that fire. Nobility is alchemy: the transmutation of a rival into an ally, of a risk into an opportunity, of the mean and flawed into the strong and potent."

> (OOC) Kaliera has connected.

> (OOC) TidesGM has connected.

Sookie listens carefully. "So... tea is important, because..." She thinks it through more, turning this idea over and over. "It's a ritual. It's ordered, and organized. And even if everything else falls apart, you still have tea. And.. and that gives people confidence." She smiles. "The way Kagarn is always there. And Saeren. And Nerai. And Kaliera. And.. and so. It's not just tea. You are the ritual for your people. Is that right?"

The Lady smiles, showing a hint of true satisfaction. "Child, nothing is as crucial as the proper expression of oneself. Your words, your actions, your movements. Even in battle, do not waste a single motion. In negotiations, walk the labyrinth of your opponent's thoughts before he solves your own. Your feelings are both sword and shield. Hide them when they endanger you. Show them when they give you an advantage."

"I was a noblewoman. I had a husband. A commoner, a warrior. He passed away. But he inspired me while he lived, and still does. I do not explain myself to my people. It would hurt them if they had to understood. Better that they simply take comfort from my presence. As your name is Perenolde, there will be those that seek to use you, or oppose you. You must bear the same burden I do. The blood in your veins is a burden, and a blessing. Say nothing of it except to those that need to understand."

---

What Sookie remembers most is the dream-world. The Lady's magic extends minutes into hours, hours into days, holding Sookie's consciousness in a castle spun from gossamer and illusion while her body sleeps. And during this time, she learns in mundane fashion what the Lady's magic taught her. Again and again she makes mistakes, only to be sharply curbed by the woman's acid tongue. And gritting her teeth, she does something which has been painful but effective in the last several weeks. She learns.

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-11-23" stopped by Sookie at Thu Nov 24 02:08:25 2011 CST (OOC)