Tides' Hollow is a saltwater grotto; once a limestone cliff, the action of surf and tides has carved it into a series of tunnels, underground lakes, and open caverns. Almost every surface above water is damp with saltwater; the floor of the caverns is typically solid stone, with many hollows filled with water wherever it is not inundated entirely.

As the party steps into the cavern, Ezra hears the magical voice of Ssudran: Putting this information together with the map provided to him by the Stillpine chieftain, Ezra and Menelaous are able to infer where those undersea openings likely connect.

Just inside the entrance, in a shallow pool of water, is a marble pedestal. Several furbolg shaman, recognizing it, immediately gather around, laying sacrifices atop it and beginning chants to the water spirits. In response to their entreaties, the water erupts into humanoid shapes. Arugoo explains: throughout the cavern are several similar altars, each of which can provide the spirits' blessing to a portion of the cave system. In addition to being able to direct the spirits of that part of the caverns, the water itself will ease the passage of those who travel through it.

"The furbolgs who escaped their captivity reported inferior numbers to our present forces," says Menelaous, "but Ssudran's report is troubling. The naga will almost certainly send reinforcements through when they realize the magnitude of our attacking force. Our only respite is that the narrow tunnels will slow their progress. We must hurry if we wish to cut them off."

Though heavily armored, the naga are also heavily outnumbered. Despite their losses, the furbolgs and draenei are finally able to open a break in the naga line, and their allies pour through the gap, menacing the sirens behind.

Hard pressed, the naga attempt to fall back, magic and steel continuing to assault the oncoming furbolg. And from the inundated tunnel to the north come a small swarm of water elementals.

As the minions of Dagun retreat, the defenders of Azeroth advance. The furbolg move en masse toward the murlocs which have usurped their rightful place, injuring the shamans severely, while the draenei match their strength against the more heavily armored naga. The magic and technology of the mismatched heroes continue to wreak havoc amongst the sirens.

Even as they retreat, the naga continue to do damage. Wary of Ezra's command of magic, the myrmidons avoid bunching up amongst their mistresses, but they still manage to dispatch a few more of the furbolg attackers, especially with the assistance of the water elementals pressed into servitude by the murlocs' frantic chanting.

Without the steel of the myrmidon armor to protect them, the lightly armored sirens and their murloc minions quickly fall beneath the spears of their opponents. The surviving myrmidons look around at the foes which surround them, and throw down their tridents in surrender.

As Saeren moves north through the tunnel, she finds that the water seems to almost move out of her way. Along with her moves the water elemental, exploring the water as she explores the land.

Saeren comes to the central cavern and finds it empty. However, the elemental detects another of its kind past its domain.

As Menelaous, with Ezra's assistance, prepares his forces to assault the murlocs to the west, Ezra receives a sending from Ssudran: "Naga and murlocs moving to southern entrance."

Nerai dismounts from Eecee for a bit, keeping the motor ticking over as she runs, then splashes down to where Saeren is keeping watch. Saeren explains the plan to Nerai, who takes a few bombs here and there and advises everyone to stand back. Running the wire back to the altar, Nerai activates the explosion, making a small noise, as a hail of stones and stalagmites rain down, effectively sealing the cave.

Not a moment too soon, either; just before the bombs go off, the elemental reports that it sensed a number of intruders in its domain. As soon as the tunnel is sealed, however, a report comes in from the attack force near the cavern entrance: the murlocs are breaking ranks and retreating.

As the murlocs retreat, the draenei marksmen are ordered to open fire. The murlocs are numerous, but several of them are wounded. And as the hunters advance, they report seeing additional forces - a small squadron of naga mages and well-decorated murlocs, also withdrawing from the altar.

The allied forces holding the northern cave begin to assault the hostile elemental there, but they have hardly begun before the elemental turns and flees to the north.

As the hunters advance, the murlocs retreat; the naga struggle to keep up. And meanwhile, far to the northeast of the cavern, the elemental encounters another of its kind, which quickly moves away.

The slowness of the naga retreat allows the draenei marksmen to catch up. Spreading out to avoid the naga's deadly magic, they begin to take potshots at the sirens - missing so far, but it is only a matter of time.

Realizing that the naga's slow land speed prevents them from making good their retreat, they instead take cover near the cavern mouth. And Ezra receives another message from Ssudran: "Naga reinforcements now moving to northern tunnel."

The allied forces advance to take the southwestern cave, spreading out as they enter the cavern. The draenei hunters pepper their foes with arrows; most of them ricochet harmlessly off the ancient elven ruins being used as cover, but cries of pain indicate that a few arrows are finding their mark. Meanwhile, the ally-controlled elementals are diverted back through the caverns.

Beset by foes, the aquatics make no effort to fight back; instead, they continue to retreat along the tunnel. The naga are unable to move fast enough to retreat and maintain cover at the same time, but the murlocs retreat by teams, under the constant supervision of their mistresses.

The slow retreat is soon caught up in the draenei advance. The marksmen begin to count some serious casualties amongst the sirens, while the armored vanguard begins to chip away at their murloc minions.

The sirens are not completely helpless; some of them manage to launch bolts of ice at their tormentors. However, the widely dispersed draenei take only minor casualties from the attack, and the murlocs do not join in, instead focusing on maintaining the rear guard.

The naga cannot last forever, however, and indeed they do not. The last of them finally succumbs to draenei arrows, while the murloc defenders begin to fall before the onslaught of steel and crystal.

Without their mistress, the murlocs give in to a berserker rage. Abandoning their cover, they swarm the draenei warriors, only to find that their steel tridents enjoy only limited success against the prowess of draenei armorsmithing.

And the unarmored murlocs, in turn, die in great numbers against the advanced weaponry of the draenei.

Only a tiny handful of murlocs remain, and the sound of despair can be heard in their gargling voices. They do not retreat, but their frantic assault on the draenei lines can only be interpreted as suicide by other means.

With the southern portion of Tides' Hollow recaptured, Exarch Menelaous regroups his forces. A report from Ssudran suggests that a small but steady supply of naga reinforcements is inbound, so time is of the essence. He quickly forms up battle lines on the approach to the northwestern cavern and begins to advance. The first reported sighting of enemy forces is a small cluster of water elementals, which quickly retreat.

As the draenei and furbolg follow the elemental backward, they see nothing in the room beyond but a cluster of murloc shamans at the altar. However, they can hear the sound of slithering from the nearby tunnel.

The melee fighters move into position, forming a defensive line as the hunters begin to pick off the murlocs, which respond by recalling another platoon of elementals from the eastern tunnel. And as the line forms up, they get a glimpse down the southeastern tunnel... where they see an advancing line of naga myrmidons, with hints of further forces behind them.

The hunters continue to wreak havoc upon the murloc spiritualists; howling in outrage, the furbolgs outflank the advancing water elementals and tear into the fishmen, while the draenei advance down the tunnel to deal with the oncoming naga threat.

The myrmidons prove to be the vanguard of another naga strike team. A group of murloc shaman begin to support the murlocs by healing their wounds, while a handful of naga mages fill the tunnel with a blizzard, which, fortunately for the allies, fails to penetrate their armor.

Furbolgs swarm the cavern and finish off the remaining murlocs, with the assistance of the archers. The melee fighters begin to spread out through the cave, while the warriors hold off the myrmidons at the chokepoint.

The myrmidons hold the line against the heavily armored draenei, while the naga sirens begin to cause some damage at range. Fortunately for the allied assault force as a whole, they cannot gain a line of sight on the cavern beyond.

The battle proceeds at the mouth of the northwestern cavern, and for the moment, the naga seem to be gaining the upper hand - the draenei archers seem to be unable to penetrate the myrmidons' armor, whereas the latter get a lucky break, tearing into the draenei defenders.

As allied reinforcements rush toward the fighting, the tide of battle begins to turn in their favor. The heavily wounded draenei retreat through advancing reinforcements, who return fire with a will, wounding the myrmidons heavily enough that the murlocs are unable to keep up for the moment.

The tide of battle begins to turn as draenei shaman make their way from the southwestern cavern and begin to heal their wounded allies. All the while, the adventurers draw ever closer to the front lines.

The doughty draenei warriors, meanwhile, steadily thin out the ranks of the naga. They do some damage in return, but not enough - and now the draenei have healing assets of their own to call on.

Emboldened, the draenei archers advance into the tunnel and begin assaulting the murlocs, who are suddenly beset with the need to heal themselves instead of their allies. Of course, this allows the naga siren more targets - their latest magical barrage does little to inconvenience the heavily armored warriors, but the archers find themselves suffering wounds.

Finally, the naga line breaks. The draenei warriors rush through and take out the murloc shamans before they can react; the surviving naga retreats back along the tunnel.

Pressing their advantage, the draenei advance, pursuing the slow-moving naga sirens and assaulting them mercilessly. The naga fall back, bleeding heavily... and past them, more reinforcements advance into view.

Now reinforced by the adventurers, the draenei charge down the tunnel toward their goal. Saeren begins to pick off the myrmidons as they advance - only to have them healed by the murlocs which come up to support them.

The battle is joined once again - this time with Saeren providing potent support to the draenei archers. The aquatic forces take serious damage, and the naga siren is the only one to score any damage in return, sending a blizzard flying amongst the hunters. However, with Kagarn to heal them, it seems unlikely that the naga will be able to hold out for long. At least, not this group...

\---\[ Begin Paste From TidesGM \]---

With a cave full of questions and no answers in sight, Saeren takes it upon herself to illuminate her friends. She moves past the furbolg and draenei and makes her way into the caves, moving quietly, almost silently, but still timing each motion with the noise of the natural sounds of the cave system.

Saeren returns from her excursion with information. In a whisper she explains the arrangement of the enemies, including how they are covered from fire. "We run the risk of being in a pincer," she concludes.

The shamans clustered around the altar look up. "Nothing visible that way," says Arugoo, pointing along the half-flooded tunnel. "But they could be hiding in the cavern beyond."

On advice from Ezra, Menelaous splits his forces. The furbolg warriors move off toward the eastern altar, with some of the draenei forces and the adventurers to support them, while the remainder of the draenei help the shamans defend the cavern entrance.

As the eastern cavern comes into view, the naga warriors hold the line, while sirens move into position behind them. As far as anyone can tell, the murlocs far to the west have not moved.

Seeing that some of the naga aren't quite so good at using cover, Saeren decides to teach them a lesson. She fires in quick succession, her eyes narrowed. The sirens are injured, but not broken.

As they draw near, the draenei launch their own attack, calling upon the forces of nature to assault the nearest foes. Lightning flickers through the tunnels, but earths itself against the stalagmites that the naga are hiding behind.

More naga witches come into view, emerging from the water beyond, and join their sisters in invoking magic against their foes. Shards of ice fly amongst the furbolg vanguard, injuring them.

Roaring with rage, the furbolgs charge forward into the naga ranks, accompanied by heavily armored draenei allies. Despite the protection of their cover, the myrmidons suffer casualties.

Behind the massed ranks of the furbolg and draenei, Ezra, Saeren and Nerai all contribute their own sort of damage: the wizard with his fire and frost, the goblin with her devices of flame and smoke, and Saeren with volleys of deadly shafts.

The naga return their attack, with the heavily armored myrmidons providing steel and the sirens continuing their deadly barrage of magic. Several of the furbolg fall and do not rise again. Amidst their attack, the lead siren barks orders to a group of murlocs which are just visible crouched around the altar.

\----\[ End Paste From TidesGM \]----