Much has happened in the last thousand years, and the journey across the length of Kalimdor scarcely leaves time to bring Valstann up to speed on the events that have transpired since then. Kalidormi tells of her flight's involvement in the War of the Shifting Sands, and the sealing of the qiraji behind the Scarab Wall; then the story quickly skips to recent times - the invasion of southeastern Ashenvale by the orcs, the death of Cenarius at the hands of Grom Hellscream, and finally the sacrifice of Nordrassil to destroy Archimonde, and the planting of Teldrassil in its place.

As the northern reaches of Felwood disappear beneath Kalidormi's wings, Saeren wrinkles her brow. "Busy in Nighthaven," she remarks.

The bronze dragon's eyes narrow as she focuses on the skies over Lake Elune'ara. "So it is. Something momentous has happened," she replies gravely. "I can feel the currents of history changing. Nor for the good, I fear."

The incoming party is soon surrounded by an escort of druids in bird-shape, steering Kalidormi toward the docks of Nighthaven. Tyrande is amongst the crowd that soon surrounds the bronze dragon, the most troubled amongst a sea of worried faces. "Did you succeed?" she asks urgently, without preamble.

"I thought I would never see you again," Valstann replies, jumping down from Kalidormi's back.

Years seem to fall from Tyrande's face as she breathes a sigh of relief. "Oh praise be to Elune! Perhaps all is not lost!" The crowd cheers as Tyrande embraces the young night elf.

"Why?" asks Valstann, suddenly concerned. "What has happened?"

"It's your father," replies Tyrande, closing her eyes. "He has sealed Teldrassil and exiled the Sisterhood of Elune."

"It is as we feared," Kalidormi replies, as she carefully lifts Nerai's steam armor from her back. "What transpired at the Scarab Wall a thousand years ago has finally borne its bitter fruit."

Valstann is horrified. "I've come back too late! It was all for nothing!"

"On the contrary," replies Kalidormi, suddenly adopting the shape and the chipper voice of her customary gnome shape. "We have brought you back just in time to save your father."

---

The tale does not take long to tell. Not more than a day after the party left Nighthaven on their mission to rescue Valstann, Fandral Staghelm declared before the assembled night elves of Darnassus that in order to preserve Teldrassil, he must take complete control of its stewardship.

He was careful not to openly attack Tyrande or Remulos, simply asserting that "well-meaning but misguided individuals" had come to believe that the World Tree was beyond saving, and were making plans to destroy it. He ordered the Temple of the Moon evacuated and the priestesses sent away, along with anyone who believed the "mad rumors" about an Old God's role in the ailment of Teldrassil.

The coup was almost entirely bloodless; Fandral had apparently been planning against this possibility for some time. A fleet of night elf ships soon set sail from Rut'theran, escorted by Fandral's druids and sentinel loyalists.

"It appears that he has broken all contact with outlying night elf settlements," Remulos adds. "For the time being, they look to Moonglade for guidance. Tyrande Whisperwind remains in command of those night elves not dwelling on Teldrassil."

"But why?" asks Valstann. "Accusing you of plotting to destroy the World Tree? Is he out of his mind?"

Tyrande sighs. "Unfortunately, there is a grain of truth to his ranting. The roots of Teldrassil have penetrated the lair of the Old God Dagun. When this happened to Vordrassil in Northrend, the druids destroyed the tree. We dare not abandon that possibility, but we still hope to find a better way. Nordrassil's loss still casts a shadow on our hearts - to lose another home so soon would be a crushing blow."

Remulos adds, "Lord Staghelm has not forgotten that I originally counseled against the planting of this World Tree without the blessing of the Dragon Aspects."

Valstann shakes his head. "So what do we _do_? What do _I_ do? I must talk to my father!"

"It will be difficult for you to gain an audience now," Tyrande says. "Teldrassil is closed to visitors, even of our own kind. There are few enough who will recognize you - and fewer still who would trust their eyes."

"The Emerald Dream, then! My father is still a druid! I can reach him there."

Remulos rumbles grimly. "There is a shadow over the Dream now. The Nightmare, we call it. A dark storm which twists those who fall into its grasp. It will be dangerous to reach Teldrassil that way."

Valstann stares at the Keeper. "The Dream itself is under assault - at the very same time that a World Tree suffers from the taint of an Old God?"

Remulos stares back for a long moment. "You are right, young one. This cannot be a coincidence."

Valstann stands up. "Then our war has another front. And I will lead it."

"You do not know what you are saying-" begins Remulos.

"Do not tell me what I may not risk!" says Valstann, pounding the table - then relaxes, smiling. "And do not worry. I will not rush blindly into the maw of the enemy. Not again. I've learned _that_ lesson," he says, absently brushing his hand across his midriff. "I will bide my time, and listen to your guidance. But I beg you, allow me to lead the the charge." Valstann's face becomes grim. "I will have him back. Whatever it takes, I will have my father back!"

---

Tyrande comes to Saeren as the former sentinel rests in Nighthaven. "May we speak, Saeren Finblighter?" she asks, smiling despite the lines of worry on her face.

Saeren's grim mask has largely returned in the face of the news, but the smile of Tyrande has a way of bringing down the archer's guard. "Certainly. I only pray that it is good news we may share now."

"_You_ are the bringer of good news, Saeren," Tyrande says, as she enters, leaning against the wall. "You and your friends have brought renewed hope for peace amongst our people. And before, when you brought us the lamia."

Saeren smiles at this, "Well, that is true. Bringing Valstann back is a huge victory and it allows me-to some degree-to redeem myself. It is funny, isn't it, how many second chances we are given to set things right?" Her words have an unusual warmth as she goes on, "And the Lamia are my greatest joy."

"Indeed," says Tyrande. "Walk with me, if you will, Saeren. There is something I would like to show you - and one further request I would make of you."

Saeren bows her head, "I will be at your side as you need, and I will do what I can to protect our world from the darkness that would devour us all."

Tyrande leads Saeren quickly out of the busyness of Nighthaven, and along the shores of Lake Elune'ara. "With the night elves divided amongst ourselves, it is all the more imperative that the other races of Azeroth stand up in defense of our world. I understand that you and your companions have already adopted a mission to encourage this?"

"Yes, that is Ezra's intent." Saeren looks out over the lake and adds quietly, "He is a very wise man, and I trust his plan as the best way to address this threat. We must stand together. When we are divided, our weaknesses are easily exploited."

"In these troubled times," Tyrande says, "I must put out the call once again for all able-bodied night elves to prepare for war. That would include you as well." She turns to Saeren, with a slight smile. "I have some flexibility on how I deploy the Sentinels, though. In your case, the clearest course of action would be to send you on the mission you have already adopted. But there is still symbolic significance in the _official_ status."

"So I ask you, Saeren: Will you accept once more the commission of a Sentinel?" asks Tyrande.

Saeren arches an eyebrow at this, taking on an expression that her face isn't accustomed to wearing. She's shocked. She offers her hands to Tyrande, "If that is your will, I will certainly accept. Though I admire what Fandral has done for our people in the past, my loyalty is yours. I would be honored to serve once more."

Tyrande takes Saeren's hand and bows. "Then for the service you have already offered..." She turns and whistles sharply, and a shadow emerges from the underbrush, resolving itself into the shape of a nightsaber.

The whistle heightens Saeren's expectation. As soon as the nightsaber comes into view, she takes a step forward. "Is it..?" she whispers quietly. Her voice remains quiet as she observes, "Truly a marvelous creature.. see how it moves as silently as the darkness between the stars of the sky?"

"This is Shade," Tyrande says. "He is newly trained to carry a sentinel into battle." She smiles, as the great cat pads silently across the turf and looks up at Saeren. "It looks like you two are already getting along."

Saeren kneels in front of the great cat, her eyes meeting his. "Shall we walk together then, Shade?" With the cat's consent, the archer vaults easily onto his back, guiding him forward to stand before Tyrande. "This is a great gift, and one that touches my heart," calls out Saeren. She slips once more from the nightsaber's back and embraces the High Priestess, "I pray that one day I shall have some measure of the heart that inspires such kindness."

Tyrande embraces Saeren. "Go with Elune, sister," she says. "And good luck in your journeys."

"Thank you," replies Saeren. She steps back, resting a hand on Shade's shoulder. "May our service bring you and all our people joy and peace."

---

Ezra has written a short letter, addressed to Fandral Staghelm, and placed it in the charge of Valstann - to be delivered once it becomes possible to do so. Now, he reflects, there is one other thing to do in Moonglade.

He approaches Jeddek Ironhorn, the tauren druid, with a simple question: what is it the tauren really mean by "the eternal sun"?

Jeddek regards Ezra curiously, but explains. Tauren faith is largely animistic, but the Earthmother is the one who binds all together as the embodiment of nature - with her eyes as the sun, An'she, and the moon, Mu'sha.

"When we say 'may the eternal sun shine upon you,' then," continues Jeddek, "we are requesting that the Earthmother watch over you and guide you."

"And ssso your druidss call upon thiss power, in the ssame fashion as the night elves call upon their moon-goddess, yes?" asks the wizard.

Jeddek looks around. "There are debates amongst night elven and tauren druids on the proper way to invoke the powers of nature," he says quietly. "It is a subject of much controversy here in Nighthaven. But it is a poorly kept secret that most tauren druids, even when we learn the names of Cenarius and Elune - when we call upon nature, it is the Earthmother which is in our thoughts - in all her aspects." He smiles slightly. "Perhaps we speak more of the sun because we secretly feel that the night elves worship the moon enough for both our peoples."

Ezra stares. "And.. do the blood elvess also share thiss theology?" he asks after a moment. "They have a ssimilar benediction."

"I am not sure," Jeddek says. "I have spoken seldom with blood elves other than Alea'sha, who was raised in our culture rather than her own. But I suspect that their reverence of the sun comes of their estangement from the kaldorei - as the night elves kept the moon, so the highborne adopted the sun."

Ezra boggles. "You don't jusst... you don't just show reverence for ssomething that _isn't real_," he mutters after a moment. "You.. you idiots. All of you.. seeing the same thing... a thousand names for it... Jeddek, come with me, yess. I will sspeak to Tyrande. Thiss matter musst be settled. O'ros sspoke to me about thiss. I _musst_ know!" He storms off, intent on finding the night elven priestess.

Tyrande has had much to do, but she has time for one of the saviors of Valstann - strange as it may seem to other night elves that the High Priestess of Elune would make time for one of the Forsaken.

Ezra approaches and begins abruptly, making sure Jeddek is here as well. "Both of you wield thiss power. Ssun and moon, yes? High Priestess Tyrande, I ask a boon. Give to me ssome of this magic of Elune which you wield, yess. I give my word it will not be misused." He turns immediately, not even waiting for an answer: "Jeddek. If thiss An'she is not ssimply a myth, conjure ssome of its power for me as well."

Tyrande is puzzled, but raises her arms to the sky, and a column of pale white light shimmers into existence between the three. Jeddek takes longer to think on the matter - though he does not speak, it is clear that he is not accustomed to invoking the power of the sun in particular - but eventually he stretches his arms forward, as if warming them at a fire, and a column of amber light glows into existence, overlapping the light of Elune that Tyrande conjured.

Ezra bows his head, the brim of his hat hiding his eyes. He mutters to himself, speaking something in Draconic - a prayer, perhaps? He looks up. His eyes focus on the manifestation of power. And he grins. Behind his bandaged face, his eyes light up. "I remember!" he howls. And his body explodes outward into a whirling sandstorm.

The typhoon of tomb-dust takes its place around the light. And within the light, letting the sun and moon suffuse it. The light of the sun moves. The light of the moon follows it. One darts hither and yon while the other gives pursuit. Their chase becomes more regular - an orbit. Sun and moon, day and night, the cycle of a complete day, repeated over and over.

Within the sand, a spirit moves. A restless ghost reaches through the desert of itself. The Sands of Time conjure more than mere physical sand; he knows that now. They evoke space and time and possibility. And within this endless maelstrom of changing chaos, the ghost has two light-houses to guide his way.

He reaches out, and grasps at something. He finds it. He pulls. It resists, but he pulls anyway. He feels it now.

The sand-swarm begins to recombine, to merge itself back into the humanoid shape of the bandaged wizard. His rumpled, dirty hat; his long black coat, designed to shed the rain of the Lordaeron war-campaign's monsoon seasons. His cast-off clothing. But something is different.

A white-clad hand reaches up. He removes his hat. He begins to unwind the bandages of his head. There is flesh there - pale, ghostly white, but flesh nevertheless where once only charred carrion could be found. And he has eyes. Living, human eyes. A mouth, lips, teeth. He smiles, actually smiles, for a moment. He looks at Tyrande and Jeddek, and he quirks his mouth.

"Yes, well, an interesting sensation, yes," he mutters.

The two of them stare at the apparently revitalized Forsaken mage in frank astonishment. Tyrande is the first to speak. "Ezra Pyreborn, what have you done?"

"I searched the Sands of Time and I found myself, milady," the wizard explains. "Myself as I would be if still alive. You see, the Forsaken of the Undercity feel rejected by the Holy Light. Cut off from it, yes. But a living incarnation of that very Light tells me that this power stems from within. Consequently, they have not been cut off from something outside. They have.. lost something within themselves."

"I sought to find it. I looked for what guides me, for what nurtures me. The Forsaken have a faith called the Forgotten Shadow, and claim it is that. I found no shadow. Within myself, I found.. _fire_."

Jeddek looks at his hands, and then back at Ezra. "Fire. A potent source of power in this world - both in its literal and its symbolic manifestations. But we druids have not explored it by that name..."

Ezra grins. "Not by that name, no. But that's just it! Each of you has _the same thing_." He returns his attention to the priestess for a moment. "Asprah, the lamia. The curse of Dagun had laid on her for _ten thousand years_, or thereabouts. It was breakable. But _only if she wished for it_. That is not merely hope, that is true power. Milady, in your connection to Elune, is it she who holds down her hand to you, or is it you which reach up for her? I do not believe you can deny the latter."

Tyrande nods gravely. "It has been millenia since Elune last intervened in this world, except at the request of those who sought her."

"There is another matter. I believe now that the events of which we spoke on the airship precipitated the invasion of the surface by the naga. It was seeded only a few years ago. The naga came only thereafter. You may do well to ask the lamia more of this." Ezra considers his hands, now flesh. "This shape is.. not my true form, any more than the undead creature is," he remarks. "But the man may call upon the monster when a monster is needed. And the monster may become a man in turn."

"And to think I once imagined that the return of Valstann Staghelm would be the most momentous event I would witness today," Tyrande says quietly. Jeddek nods in agreement. "Today, we have witnessed the rebirth of something new in the world. And... perhaps, we have witnessed the rebirth of the Forsaken, not as the shadow of the living they once were, but as a new thing of their own."