The giant double doors open onto a vestibule of green marble... or some other stone resembling marble, possibly. Thirty-foot tall archways open to the left and right, and high benches - and perches - sit at the edges of the room. Engraved on the back wall of the room is a mass of runes - or rather two masses. The upper half seems to use the same indecipherable pattern of the lintel over the preceding door, and the other half - "It's draconic!" exclaims Chomsky excitedly. "But I've never seen so much of it in one place before!" He begins fiddling with his translation gadget.

To those with an eye - or an ear, or a nose - for something other than archaeology, there are other signs to take one's attention. Small piles of refuse, and discarded bones, scattered around the floor of the room look out of place amongst the majestic architecture, and resemble the signs of trogg habitation that the explorers have observed in the upper caves. And from the passageway to the right, there is a continuous sound of running water, and a smell, something like seawater, but with an acrid tang that wrinkles the nose of anyone with a sense of smell and fills their mind with unease.

Chomsky's machine is not advanced enough to do anything useful with the upper writing, but the magic of Ezra's _comprehend languages_ spell confirms that the upper text reads as follows:

**This facility is dedicated to the tireless efforts of the Titans to bring order to the world known as Azeroth, and to their allies, the dragons, that were of invaluable assistance in their endeavors.**

To Chomsky's growing elation, Alea'sha and Ezra alike confirm that the draconic below reads exactly the same.

While the others watch and talk and think, Ezra retrieves a sheaf of parchment from the pockets of his Lordaeran trench-jacket and begins hurriedly scribing the text. Writing in a language he does not know and writing in a language he does, saying the same thing - here is an opportunity for learning. He lets out a soft sigh, like that of a living man enjoying a succulent steak, as his dessicated fingers scribble with his quill pen.

The gnomish tinker is thinking much along the same lines as Ezra, as he excitedly fiddles with his contraption, causing it to emit various whirring and clicking sounds, emitting little bursts of steam. Then, in the middle of something, it emits a harsh buzzing noise. "Blast!" he says, looking peeved. "This thing's out of storage space." He opens a drawer at the base of the machine, revealing a double reel of thin metal foil-tape with holes punched in it - one reel is nearly empty. "I need to go back to base camp for some spares. I didn't think we'd find _this_ much!" Apparently _his_ device's storage space doesn't quite match up to what Ezra's parchment can do, yet.

The Forsaken isn't quite engrossed enough to miss this detail, and with a sardonic (if bandaged) smirk, he turns, extending a sheet of his parchment in offer to the gnome.

Alea'sha looks at everything, as if trying to remember the details perfectly. Finally she finds herself focusing on a particular work of art. It depicts nothing much different than the rest, but it is not quite so large as some, and the druid pauses to spread a larger roll of parchment over the top of the carving in the wall and she draws out a long stick of charcoal. Ignoring the looks the gnome no doubt gives her she carefully begins her work, rubbing the stick across the page until she's made a nearly perfect copy of the original carving.

Chomsky waves off the parchment, with the heedlessness common to his kind in the midst of an intellectual problem. "My Hierarchical Grammar System needs to work on actual images of the writing in question! It won't work to full effect with mere copies." The dwarf escort sighs and rolls his eyes, apparently embarrassed by Chomsky's rudeness. "Fine. Then I need to go back with Mister Brain here an' make sure he doesn't get his brain eaten by troggs."

Zul'Houngan is sticking around the back of the group. Zul has little real interest in the artifacts present. He is scanning the room, a little more wary then the rest.

Ezra mumbles something under his breath in response, chuckling, but returns to his work.

"Are you lot gonna explore some more," asks the dwarf, "or are ya gonna come back wi' us? It looks like ye've been in th'wars already." He nods approvingly at Zul'Houngan, apparently glad that _someone_ besides him has an eye for the present and the potential dangers thereof.

Alea'sha rolls up the parchment with care and moves a bit closer to Ezra, trying to see just what it is he is doing. She sniffs at the air and frowns, "I think we all might want to retreat and plan our next step. I think the taint on this place is more than a handfull of troggs can explain."

The undead staggers to his feet, his scribing complete. "Patience, discipline, yesss. We'll return later. Carvings are going nowhere. Troggs won't destroy anything they haven't already. Verminnn.."

Zul'Houngan grunts a bit, and looks to the other two. "Aye, I think das a good plan." He nods to the dwarf who adresses him, "Eh. Just not my cuppa tea." He shrugs.

As the party exits again, the double doors close behind them, and the locking mechanism presents the dragon key once more. The dwarf reclaims it with a satisfied nod, and leads the party back to the base camp.

---

Word of the Horde explorers' find spreads quickly through the dwarven camp. Heggin Stonewhisker himself comes by the Horde's tent to shake their hand. "Ye've done it again!" he says excitedly. "We're gonna be sendin a proper expedition down to th'site tomorrow, and we'd be obliged if ye'd come along with. We'll need some help decipherin' all the writin's anyway. Chomsky's a clever little bugger, but that gadget of his is broke as often as not. What d'ye say?"

"I'm not convinced it's going to be safe yet," says Alea'sha. "In fact, I doubt it will be. Any who come with us had better be ready to fight troggs, at the very least. If they return, they will be better prepared for us."

Zul'Houngan grunts in agreement, as he is roused out of his meditation by the Dwarves. He puts down his rattle and stands up, "We can help, ya."

"Aye, lass," says Stonewhisker. "We're countin' on it." He hefts his axe knowingly. "That's why I sez a proper expedition. We ain't dealt with a tithe o' the troggs yet, I reckon. They're all over the damn place down here." He looks a little uncomfortable at Zul'houngan's troll-accented Common, but nods nonetheless. "An' ye guys found it first. It's only fair that ye get first crack at it."

---

The next morning, a party of two dozen armed dwarves is the honor guard for Heggin Stonewhisker and the Horde explorers as they make their way to the Educational Facility site. Stonewhisker looks up and down the portal with a satisfied sigh. "Well... here goes..." he says, fitting the dragon back into its slot, and the doors begin their majestic opening sequence once again.

Just then, there is the hoarse roar of trogg voices in the tunnel behind them, and the stunted monstrosities begin to pour from every crevice. Heggin begins to bark hurried orders to his men, and turns to Alea'sha, the member of the Horde crew he can most relate to. "Quick! Lass, can ye an' yer friends explore the place yerself, d'ye think?"

"We can," replies Alea'sha. Her voice comes out louder than normal, and she has to reach down to wave back the growling wolf. She looks to Ezra, "We had best be on our way then." Waiting just a moment for the others to get the idea, she quickly turns to Heggin, "Stay alive, friend. Until we meet again."

"Thank ye, lass," says Heggin, with uncertain glances at Zul'Houngan and Ezra that say more about his decision than he might have preferred - which is that, in a pitched battle with the troggs, he'd really rather have the dwarves he trusts by his side than a troll and a Forsaken which he does not. "Ye should be able ta open the doors from th'inside, but I advise ye don't till we open 'em, or there might be troggs still out here. Good luck!" With that, Heggin steps back and presses a stud on the side of the door, and the stone begins to grind closed again.

The watery stench the party had observed the previous day is still there, in the archway to the right. To the left, a similar archway is dry and quiet. As Heggin promised, there is indeed a stud in the wall, similar to the one he pressed, which will open it in the event that the explorers run low on provisions before the doors open again.

"Well, it seems we must go forward," says the druid softly. She rests a hand on the raised hair of the wolf's back and smiles. "So should we venture to what seems safest, or what seems most dangerous?"

"If there isss water, perhaps it comes from - or goes to - something in the Barrens," suggests Ezra. "And if not, well.... curiosity compels, yes?"

Zul'Houngan nods in accord, "The water is probably where day tend to congrigate, ya?"

This room is far bigger than the vestibule, though of the same architectural style. It extends about forty feet to the left of the archway by which they entered, and is almost as deep ahead of them. The party is standing under a balcony which stretches the width of the room, which gives way to an even higher ceiling yet. More engravings adorn the walls, as well as friezes and frescoes depicting Titans and dragons in a variety of contexts, though any exhibit low to the ground has been smashed or defaced, presumably by troggs. On the far wall, off to the left, there is another doorway, which had once held a very large and thick door - the rubble of it can be seen scattered on the floor in front of the archway. On the wall far to the left, there is a staircase leading up to the next level.

Between the party and the stairwell, however, there are two obstacles. One is the source of the water they had smelled before. It is cascading from the floor above in a waterfall that splashes to the floor and spills into a huge puddle, almost lapping at the adventurers' feet, before disappearing into the broken doorway beyond. The water looks sickly green, like seawater on a stormy day, and almost seems to glow slightly, especially around the waterfall itself. The acrid stench is strong enough to be almost unbearable.

The other obstacle is a trogg, bathing in the waterfall with apparent enjoyment. This trogg, however, looks rather different from the ones they've encountered before. Its skin, rather than being the mottled pink they are accustomed to, is faintly greenish in hue, glistening and damp, and huge clumps of its hair have fallen out to be replaced with scales. Its hands are webbed, and as it stretches its neck to catch the foul water on its face, gill slits on the side of its neck can be seen. It carries no club, but its teeth are prominent and glisten with ichor. At the sound of the explorers' approach, it lets out a cry - again unlike its' brethren; for instead of the frenzied roar, its howl is a gargle like some kind of sea creature.

And in addition to that, subtle signs from the rubble near the broken door indicate that something else is lurking there - it's trying to stay hidden, but subtle signs give its location away.

The trogg under the waterfall looks around at the various creatures invading its domain, then gargles its battle cry and splashes through the green water, right into the midst of the adventurers. It snaps at Zul'Houngan, and before the troll can swerve out of the way, manages to sink its teeth deep into his flesh.

Seeing the enemy draw close the white wolf lunges forward, snapping at the trogg and tearing its flesh away with a low growl.

Zul'Houngan watches carefully as the Trogg charges. Just as he gets into range, Zul pulls his mace across, and slams it into the side of the Trogg's arm.

While fang and fine steel may find flesh, fire proves more efficacious. Ezra's chant ends in a brief but quite bright flare of light, sending another of Bael Modan's troggs on its first steps of the road to death.

Alea'sha sees her enemy on the brink and presses her advantage. With a look of distaste she drives the staff into the creatures throat with a rather satisfying crunch. As a side-effect, its last expression is neatly frozen by the ice effect of the weapon.

The troll leans over and whispers something to Ezra, jerking his head slightly. The Forsaken's glowing eyes widen slightly, and he lets out a wheezing chuckle. "Oh-ho, so there you are," he murmurs.

With a sudden gesture of his hands, Ezra launches another of his fiery blasts at the hidden trogg. There is an abrupt squeal of pain, and the smell in the room is now joined by the scent of scorched hair.

Zul'Houngan steps around the wolf, and faces the 'hiding' trogg. He brushes his hands out infront of him, and chants low below his breath. A simple prayer to the ancestors to give him power. THe arcs of fire spurt from his fingertips, but, ultimatly, only serve to singe part of the trogg, as he is shielded by the rocks and rubbage covering him.

The trogg-creature, writhing in pain from the fiery blasts it has been subjected to, abandons its position behind the ruined door and dives into the archway behind him. There is a splash, as if it had jumped into deep water, then nothing.

The wounded trogg leaves behind an acrid smoke trail which terminates at the water. The mage is not far behind. He is heedless of the ill-smelling water or the suggestions of impurity that lurk behind it - for he has seen and smelled far worse. He approaches the doorway, peeking down with his dead eyes, searching intently for what might lie below the water's surface.

As Ezra approaches the edge of the doorway, he sees that the water is far deeper on this side, and extends into a broad, deep water-filled cavern, with no sign of any egress above water. He also sees a trogg, which leaps out of the water, fangs bared - and adroitly steps out of the way in time to leave its fangs biting on thin air.

Ezra's booted foot comes down hard on the trogg's scaly head, driving it chin-first into the stone floor. As the thing stays pinned, the mage unleashes two brilliant bolts of arcane energy into its back. The thing slumps, and Ezra nudges it lightly back into the water. "Welllll," he hisses. "That _was_ a surprise."

Ezra removes his raven from its pocket. The bird squawks and fluffs its feathers out, but settles down after a moment. "Fly, fly," he whispers to it. "Fly up the stairs. Tell me what you see.. fly back, come safely, tell me, yess.." He releases his familiar to take wing, then attends to his companions.

"I'll see what's under the water. I have no need to breathe, yesss.." Ezra smiles. "If I'm in danger, you'll know.. I assssure you.."

Zul'Houngan croushes down while Ezra takes off into the water, he watches carefully as much as he can for the mage, and to see any signs of a struggle.

As Ezra dives under the water, he quickly passes out of the light from the Titan ruin above, and must rely on his unnatural vision to make out details. About eighty feet down, he finally spots the bottom, which includes another tunnel going off into the distance... and about a dozen more troggs. They are strangely mutated, similar to the ones they met above, and swim through the water as easily as they might walk on land. Fortunately for Ezra, they seem too occupied with whatever they're doing to look up.

Ezra crawls out of the water, dripping. He winds up hunched over on all fours, like some sort of feral beast. His glowing eyes regard his comrades. "Several more below. It's not ssssafe here..." He glances back at the pool. "They did not see me."

WHile he's watching the mage dissapear under the water, Zul takes a closer look at the water, carefully, trying to determine it's effects.

To Zul'Houngan's dismay, he discovers that although the water is not poisoned, there is some sort of disease lurking in the water. He cannot determine its nature clearly, but something about it makes the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end.

As Ezra emerges from the water, the raven flutters down and lands on his shoulder and caws into his ear. "Big room, nothing else alive, just me. Five big things to stand on, one of them has lots of water coming out of it."

Ezra gently pats the raven, and raises it to perch on his shoulder. "Good, goood," he croons. "Very good..."

Ezra smiles. "The way up, yess. We perhaps have too few for the troggs below."

"Another stair on other side," adds the raven. "Nothing moves there either. Lots of things not move."

The images about the walls are captioned entirely in Titan, which upon translation reveal the broad outlines of a great war, known as the Ordering of Azeroth, between the Titans and a collection of powerful entities referred to as the Old Ones, who had ruled the world of Azeroth before the Titans' coming. Apparently, the Titans made contact with the creatures known as dragons, who were empowered by the Titans and fought by their side.

The exhibits on the upper walls also have matching inscriptions in draconic; most of the lower exhibits' draconic writing has been defaced, being low enough to the ground to be within reach of trogg tantrums. Nevertheless, enough remains to give Ezra a rapidly expanding set of matching texts.

Ezra taps his bandaged chin. "Back, yes? Back the other way. To find the other stair."

This room is a mirror-image of the layout of its opposite wing, including the smashed door on the far wall and the staircase off to the right. The artwork - or rather, exhibits - are different from those on the other side, but they are less defaced by troggs. Trogg corpses are scattered around the room, most clustered by the rubble of the far doorway, and various others spread around the room, though the corpses stop some feet from where the party is standing. There are also two stone statues on either side of the smashed door.

Close inspection reveals a fact that strikes Alea'sha, at least, as important: none of the trogg corpses are further than twenty feet from the statues.

Alea'sha stops to examine the statues for a moment. "I think it would be very unwise to get too close to those right now," whispers the druid. She gestures to the statues and the bodies, "A most curious ring of dead, don't you agree?"

"Either those that ran survived, or nobody ran," muses Ezra.

Alea'sha also notices that the statues appear somewhat chipped and damaged. Shards of a similar-looking stone - which is a different color than that of the walls or floor - lie amongst the trogg bodies.

"I think the statues did the work. Look at the chipped stone," explains Alea'sha. "Do we have any way to see if those things are more than just lumps of rock?"

The mage begins a slow, unsettling chuckle. "I have an idea..."

The raven alights from Ezra's shoulders and hops over to the high elf beside him. And with a few whispered words and a curious gesture with his fingers, Ezra vanishes into thin air. The keen ear can still hear slight traces - though of course not breathing.

As Ezra steps inside the circle, one of the statues turns its head this way and that, passing over Ezra's position a few times, then turning to face him. It lumbers slowly in his direction, followed by its mate.

Ezra, invisible, steps back from the circle to his previous position.

The statues move slowly enough that by the time they reach Ezra, he has already passed outside of the circle. They pause, waving their arms through the space where Ezra had stood. Finding nothing, they return to their former positions.

"So much for that," the unseen mage murmurs. "Stairs next, one supposes..." Skirting the westward wall, he creeps toward the stairs.

Unfortunately, the foot of the stairs is also within their detection radius, though again the invisible Ezra is able to step outside of their range before they return to their posts.

Ezra whistles tunelessly (and quite harshly) as he returns to the group, letting them know of his presence. "Wellll," he wheezes. "We must keep them occupied.. somehow."

Alea'sha thinks she has figured out enough about the statues to get past them. "So it's just a matter of giving these things the run around. Chances are the troggs were too stupid to figure this out." And so, she first draws the statues off, then she steps back and allows Zul'Houngan to draw them away. While this merry chase is taking place, Ezra is able to dart through the guarded area and up the stairs.

The upstairs level is a single large room. Railings protect the casual walker from falling off the edge and into either of the galleries below. There is a stone column in the middle of the room, which is open to the north and contains a glowing blue orb above a pedestal. The most prominent features are five statues, spaced around the stone column Each of the five statues is of some sort of roughly humanoid creature, and each one stands on a pedestal, with a two-foot glass barrier extending upward from the base of the pedestal. The statues are all painted or colored in lifelike fashion.

The statue nearest the eastern stairs is of a tall, heavily furred white humanoid with large curling horns. There is a small layer of white powder at the base of a statue; casual inspection reveals that it is actual snow, though barely enough to dust the bottom of the pedestal. Ezra recognizes this creature as the one known variously as a yeti or wendigo.

The statue to the northeast has fur of dark grey and distinctly lupine features, apparently of a worgen. The base of its statue is filled with rotting leaves and leafmould, to a depth of about half a foot.

The statue to the northwest has the lower torso of a snake; unlike the naga, its face is distinctly that of a land-dwelling serpent, and it bears feathers instead of scales. The base of the statue is filled with swamp mud about three quarters of the way to the top. This creature Ezra does not recognize on sight; it apparently is of a species long extinct, though something about it reminds him of the darker troll legends.

The middle statue to the south is notably insectile; it stands on four spindly legs, and it has a smooth multicolored carapace with ornate designs painted on its back. Its base is filled with hot sand, which is already piled up to the top of its enclosure; a few grains have already spilled over the edge. Again, this is something Ezra does not immediately recognize, though the patterns on its back resemble those of the silithid in southern Kalimdor.

But most notable is the southwestern statue. This statue is bright green and covered with scales, with a prominent and vividly colored fin from the top of its head to midway down its back; it has no neck at all. Its species is unmistakable to anyone who has visited the shores of Azeroth; this is a murloc. And this statue's base is overflowing its enclosure, sending stinking green water flowing down the sides of its column, puddling around its base, and pouring onto the floor below. This, it seems, is the source of the noxious water flooding the gallery below.

Ezra scrambles up into the room and approaches gingerly, wary of the statues but more wary of the orb. What purpose does it serve?

As Ezra approaches the orb, it lights up and begins to speak in Titan. "Welcome, visitor, to the Educational Facility on the Ordering of Azeroth. Have you made productive use of your visit here?"

Ezra cannot speak the language, despite his magical translation from it. He attempts to leverage the power of friendship. In Draconic: "We have been hampered in our visit here. A friend of the blue dragonflight, in particular, is having difficulty."

The orb flickers for a moment, and Ezra realizes that it has invoked a magical effect similar to the _tongues_ spell. It continues in draconic. "Good. To test your knowledge of the educational content presented here, please answer the following questions." An image appears above the orb, of a bronze dragon. "This is Nozdormu, the Aspect of the Bronze Dragonflight. What is the domain to which he was assigned?"

After ten seconds, the orb speaks again. "Sorry, you're out of time. Please review the information presented in this facility and try again." The orb goes quiescent.

Ezra sighs. He returns to the staircase and pokes his head down over it. "Alea'sha! You are needed.. "

After some more planning, Alea'sha and the white wolf are able to find their way up the stairs as well. She looks to Ezra and waits to see just what she's needed for.

Ezra chuckles. "Talk to the orb. It will speak Draconic, yess." Meanwhile, he has another job for his familiar - touch the walls of the room inside, distracting the stone statues in the process to let Zul'houngan ascend.

The orb's first question is not about Nozdormu, but about the name of the dragon aspect assigned to magic, which Alea'sha can answer immediately. After several other questions about the dragonflights and about the Ordering of Azeroth - the answers to the latter being amply represented in the surviving frescoes, the orb says, "Correct! You have spent your time well here, visitor. Please step onto the moving platform to visit the lecture hall." The floor around the orb glows slightly.

Before doing so, Ezra takes advantage of the fact that the raven familiar also triggers the guard statues to get Zul'Houngan up the stairs. This also gives Ezra a chance to translate the writings on the lower level, which the raven touches as it flies past.

According to the exhibits in the eastern gallery: After the war, the Titans set the dragonflights to watch over the world. To Ysera the Dreamer of the Green Dragonflight was given stewardship of the wild lands and the world known to druids as the Emerald Dream; to Malygos the Spell-Weaver of the Blue Flight, arcane magic and knowledge; to Alexstrazsa the Life-Binder of the Red, the safeguarding of all living creatures; to Nozdormu the Timeless of the Bronze, stewardship of time, fate, and destiny; and to Neltharion the Earth-Warder of the Black, the earth and the deep places of the world.

Furthermore, the exhibits also discuss the fact that each of the Old Ones had a race of mortal servitors, each assigned to rule over a different part of the world; the tundra, the forest, the jungle, the desert, and the sea. They indicate that the Old Ones' servitors are represented in the upstairs gallery.

For Zul'Houngan's part, the serpentine statue - apparently that of the jungle god's servitor - is unsettlingly familiar. He is reminded of the tales his voodoo master told of the dark god of the Gurubashi, the Blood God Hakkar. The creature on the pedestal resembles a lesser version of Hakkar's avatar.

By the time Zul'Houngan has arrived, the orb has deactivated itself, but with the additional background from the rest of the museum, Ezra and Alea'sha quickly pass its quiz again. This time, all three adventurers and their canine companion step onto the glowing platform, which glows more brightly and descends into the room below.

This room has several more benches, as well as the perches which, by now, the party has come to decide are intended for younger dragons. It is smaller than most of the other rooms in the museum, except for the vestibule at the entrance, and it is dominated by two features: a very large door at the rear of the room, and an enormous stone statue, thirty feet tall, standing in front of the door.

As the adventurers step forward, the statue comes to life, and speaks in Titan. "Greetings, visitors. I trust you have found this facility educational. Do you have any additional questions for me?"