Nerai looks up to Saeren. "So what's Astranaar like?" She says, as she gets Eecee packaged up for the eventual trip. "Anything like forges there?" She inquires of the stoic elf.

"Astranaar?" Saeren shakes her head. "I don't think you will find forges. You will have more luck in Auberdine, which is farther still. It is the last stop before Darnassus." She frowns, "I'd rather we not go so far afield. Surely messengers will suffice."

Nerai shrugs, "First hand evidence is always the best messenger. Something is always lost after the second, third, or fourth hands that handle the information." She shrugs, and jumps down from the wagon, to stand next to he elf, "What would you rather be doing, anyway?" As if Nerai needs to ask...

Saeren turns to Nerai and smiles. "In the short time we've known each other I'd have hoped you wouldn't need to ask. I am not a diplomat."

Nerai laughs just a bit at this, "I think that none of us are really diplomats." She shakes her head, "But we can't exactly always choose the path that's laid before us." She looks around, "Besides, I don't think you'll be at a loss for your favorite game for very long...."

"Perhaps not," says Saeren. "But I dislike being around so many people."

Ezra approaches the pair, like an unliving omen of disliked people everywhere. "Come, I need you two," he says without introduction. "The ritual requires three, yess."

Nerai blinks, but follows. She looks up at Ezra as she presumably falls in line, "What are we doing?"

Saeren has learned not to ask much of Ezra. She will go along with it without comment. Like most things she does.

Ezra is already striding away, off into the forest. His raven is sitting on one shoulder, and a leatherbound book - the pair recognize it as his spellbook - is clutched in one hand.

There is a cleared site underneath a tree. Seven stones have been arranged in a circle, and a small fire is burning within it already. The undead promptly sits down, gesturing at his companions to take seats around the ring with him.

"Thiss is a ritual known to the Kirin Tor. We .... inherited it through various means," the sorcerer explains. "My feathered friend, yes.. he iss a product of similar magic. But he cannot swim, nor can my sspellbook survive underwater. As we inevitably musst face the naga on their home turf, I have decided to make... alterations."

"Finally, something worthwhile," says Saeren.

Nerai raises an eyebrow. It's not really in her to do anything for a friend less then 100%, but she's not sure she caught everything that was said. Eecee won't have any problems.. once she fixes all the bugs, of course.

Ezra flips open his book. He begins ripping out pages, methodically casting them onto the fire. Each one immediately shrivels and burns, as the wizard mutters incantations over them. "All you musst do is watch the process," he explains. "There musst be a witness. 'in the sight of Hell and Heaven', the old text reads." Finally there is no more book, and Ezra extends a hand. His raven flits out, landing on his fingers, and slowly begins to evaporate. It does not burn, but rather sublimates itself into a black smoke. "Gemu giru gan go gufo," the wizard croaks, as all that's left of his former familiar is a few obsidian feathers.

"And now.. let me tell you what we have .. acquired, yess." Ezra taps the side of his head. "Magics, but in the _goblin_ tongue, magics for repairing structuress and devices. Like your steam armor. I can repair battle damage with ssorcery."

Nerai smiles, and looks at Ezra. Strategically and tactically, this is good news, of course. On the other had, generally magic positive people don't get into technology. She looks over at Ezra, "I'm sure we'll find a way to put that to good use." She smiles.

Saeren remains typically silent. She may not know precisely what has happened, but it doesn't precisely matter at this point, either.

Nerai looks over at the feathers that are the last clues of the raven's existence, "So.. what happened to your bird?"

"Created from magic, and now returned to that source," Ezra explains.

Nerai peers over, "Ah." She thinks this over for a short time, then turns to Ezra and bows, "I thank you muchly for doing this for Eecee. I didn't realize that THIS is what you were doing." She nods, raising from her bow. "Of course, I like to think of him as invincible...." She trails off, smirking.

Ezra shrugs. "We musst ssupport each other. That is the entire mission we are on, yess."

Nerai nods, "So, are you itching to try it out? Eecee's still not been repaired since the airship..." Nerai trails off again.

Saeren listens to this with a lazy smile and slowly rises, stretching slightly. "We support each other." Her eyes narrow. What follows is so fast only the sharpest eye can make sense of it as it unfolds. An arrow is drawn, her bow raised and fired so fast that the spy lurking in the bush has no time to react before the dart buries itself right next to their head, the glowing flame revealing the shape clearly. "Is this how you treat allies?" she hisses angrily. A second arrow is drawn, but not yet released. "Is this our thanks for saving this refuge?"

A lithe elven figure drops from the tree into a cat-like crouch, knife drawn and wielded. She rises, relaxing slightly. "I am Riveredge. Forgive me, sister. I was commanded to discern this Forsaken's loyalties."

"Have you discerned them adequately now?" asks Saeren.

"If I return now, all that I can say is that I was shot at by one of his allies," the sentinel replies, looking wary. "We have received reports of attacks on Maestra's Post. The undead are past masters of infiltration. What if that is his goal here?"

Nerai's eyes cast over the figure. She shakes her head, but tries to avoid making very undiplomatic statements at this time. Her hands find their way into her toolbelt, and the clicks a couple of spanners together. "Then wouldn't you already be dead?"

Saeren arches an eyebrow at the sentinel, then smirks as Nerai's response. "She may be small of stature, but her mind works well."

"Suppose he got into Maestra's Post, or even Astranaar as a friend," Riveredge persists. "He wouldn't trade the life of one sentinel for a chance like that, would he."

For himself, Ezra calmly looks from elf to goblin to elf, listening and smiling in amusement.

"So. Let me get this straight. He's going to help close off an overrun of enemies to this refuge, then expend himself in a battle to save it, THEN spare your life, and then, once he's in Astranaar he's going to go all evil?" Nerai shrugs. "The elves can believe what they wish. You can only yell so many times before assuming the other person is deaf."

"This is the kind of logic that is sure to cost us our future," says Saeren. "You can stay and listen if you like, but you will stay as an ally. If I find others lurking in the wood, I will not miss. I have a reputation to maintain."

"He must be a dear friend, to buy this kind of loyalty," Riveredge says. But there is no menace in her tone, no venom in her voice. She sounds tired. "I knew two of the victims who died at Maestra's Post. Their souls call out from the forest, and I see their faces in the moonlit lake. They ask for vengeance but cannot name their killers."

"We will find their killers and they will be destroyed." Saeren bows to Riveredge. "But do not be haunted, or you shall come down my path. I do not know if there is enough left of me to be a friend."

"I will find my peace," the sentinel replies. She has begun to slip away from the camp, on a course that will take her back to the Refuge. "But if one of them had been here, if I'd lost this chance, I would never forgive myself.." Her voice fades away, mingling with the night wind.

"The honor of the elves seems boundless..." Nerai mutters in disgust after the voice fades away.

"That remains to be seen," murmurs Saeren. She settles back down and says, "I have a feeling we shall receive equally trusting welcomes in other places."

The Forsaken extinguishes the fire by smothering it in dirt. "What do you expect?" he whispers. "We are all outssiders in our way, yess."

Nerai shrugs a little shrug, some of the wind obviosuly taken out of her sails by the sentinel, "I suppose we should get used to nasty hellos and terse goodbyes...."

"If we were welcomed without question, this problem would already have been overcome," says Saeren. "If they all were working together, the Naga would have no chance."

"The ritual is over." Ezra finishes kicking the dirt around with a boot. "Let uss go hear of these attackss."

---

It seems that conservative strategy and paranoia are rising again in the enchanted forest. The westernmost elven outpost has seen attacks from the naga and the Forsaken - never together - and the Horde also seems active around the suspected Forsaken camp that exists there.

For their part, the sentinels in Astranaar will turn a blind eye to Luciel's dealings with the Warsong orcs, although the prospect of actual peace seems to be a radical notion in Darnassus. Even the furbolgs are aware of the night elves' reclusive natures, and have left them with little more than a means of contacting the tribe.

There is other news, from Darkshore. The tide has been unnaturaly high, and brought many beached sea creatures with it. These carcasses are usually surrounded by murlocs, preventing a further investigation.

And finally, a name that makes Ezra click his teeth in curiosity. The cult of the Twilight's Hammer has become more active, in a place called the Master's Glaive. They are multiracial cultists who worship dark powers, including (it is said) the Old Gods themselves.

"I think it iss time that we sset out. The Refuge sseems safe enough," proposes Ezra. "And perhaps our welcome is waning, yess."

"Yes, I imagine Astranaar is going to give us a feast," says Saeren.

Nerai nods. Eecee is all packed, and the animals are easily rehitched to the wagons."What welcome..."

The usual setup is obtained, with Saeren scouting ahead, and Nerai driving the cart with their party, supplies and heavy weapons. She sun shines as early dawn approaches, leaving as soon as it was light. The going is slow, and not exactly quiet, over the terrain.

Saeren is unusually chatty. Which is to say she ocasionally comes back to let the others know how far they must go and what she has found. There are of course other scouts on the road, but they are smart enough to stay far out of reach.

Kagarn surprises everyone. Without warning, the bulky Tauren veers off the road and beguns tracking northward, along a narrow dirt path through the hilly areas of northern Ashenvale. "Come!" he calls as he makes tracks. "Come, they call!"

Nerai ponders for a second, then turns the cart in teh direction that Kagarn takes off in, following his quick strides with the slow pace of the bulk.

The shaman hoofs it up the hill, with the others following. The terrain becomes ever rougher, and here and there the group sees the natural wildlife of Ashenvale going about its collective business: bears, deer, flitting birds and even a half-glimpsed treant.

Nerai observes the wildlife, "Well, it seems like the taint hasn't made it's way up here... yet.."

Further up, the group find packs of giant spiders nesting around a tall waterfall. "Iris Lake," Ezra hums. Kagarn starts climbing the steeper incline, and Nerai is eventually forced to choose between leaving the cart behind, and staying while Kagarn continues on whatever quest he's found for himself.

Nerai is truely torn. She will leave the cart for a short ways, but if they travel too much further, she might start making her way back. She's very.. attached to the contents of her cart.

Iris Lake isn't too far. Around the lake, the group can see thick patches of foliage. Significantly, several of them move about from time to time. "Elementals," murmurs Ezra. "Perhaps it is they who.." He stops, as Kagarn reaches the lake and dips two massive hands into the water. "I have come as you called," the Tauren is saying.

Nerai turns to Ezra, "They who...?" Then looks at the scene as Kagarn dips his hands into the lake and speaks, seemingly to the water.

".. Called him. But perhaps not." The wizard watches, curiously.

Saeren keeps up easily, silently enjoying the brief hesitation of Nerai when the cart must be left behind.

The waters of Iris Lake are pure, beautiful blue. 'Pristine', perhaps. But they are marred by a vision which makes Riveredge's words seem less a metaphor for grief. In the depths of the lake, shadowy silhouettes with distinctively pointed ears can be seen. They are motionless, moving only with the gentle rhythms of the lake water as it flows toward the waterfall.

"The Kaldorei have lived as immortals for too long," Kagarn is murmuring. "They have forgotten the veneration of their ancestors. My brothers and sisters, I weep for you." Tears roll down his snout and into the water, tracing salty spirals into the depths of the lake.

"Is there anything that can be done for them?" asks Saeren.

The tauren withdraws a long rod of wood from his belt and thrusts it into the soil of the lakeshore. It has wings, and a distinctively carved and painted face - a shamanic totem. "I must pray for them. I ask you to guard me while I do."

Ezra glances over at one of the nearby trees. "Thistlefur. A furbolg tribe is nearby," he mutters, pointing at some of the scratchings on the bark.

Nerai looks at the bark, "Is it our friends? Or someone else?"

"I can't tell," the wizard answers. "I only read the markss, yes."

"You will have your guard," says Saeren. She moves away, vanishing into the forest and waiting.

Nerai nods, "I don't see how I could not guard you during such a task." She takes the pistol out, and start to dittle with it, keeping an eye on the horizon.

Nerai's eye, meanwhile, is caught by globes of gently radiant white light which seem to be situated around the lake, and are especially concentrated on the island. Their luminescence doesn't seem magical, but instead must have some sort of obscure chemical explanation.

Nerai peers at one of these lit orbs, walking near the light as Kagarn gets on with his ceremony. She approaches the orb, getting closer and closer to the fantastic object.

The globes turn out to be spores of some kind of plant life - saturated by the ambient magic of mystical Ashenvale, but not themselves magical. They are rooted, but can easily be plucked free. Perhaps the luminescence is due to some natural phlogiston extraction.

"There's nothing much to guard from, near as I can tell," announces Saeren as she seemingly dissolves out of the forest not far from Ezra. "Besides, we're already enclosed by night elf scouts."

"Interesting." The wizard turns this over in his mind. "I will stay with him. You two should do as you wissh."

Nerai will take the orb from the round, without so much as a thought, really, and take it back to her cart. If this really is some sort of phlogiston extraction, perhaps it could be harnessed, or used in some way. She looks around, and gathers a few more for her uses, placing the orbs in the cart.

Saeren frowns at Ezra, looking to Kagarn with a mix of suspicion and nervousness. "I wish to be elsewhere," she mutters. Still, she is drawn to the water, standing not far from Kagarn as she gazes into its depths.

The night elf stands silent, peering into the waters. She finds herself taking a few more steps away from the shaman, giving him space. In those waters the faces of elves appear, flickering in and out of existance. A soft voice can be heard, and warm laughter. It draws the attention of Saeren and the elf leans down over the water, reaching out to rest two fingertips against the still surface.

"Are these real?" Saeren wonders aloud. "Are these spirits? Or just reflections of what once was?"

Nerai, for her part, will interest herselves around the natrual glowing orbs. She's loathe to actually take them apart, as maybe someone more equipped could solve the mystery. Perhaps.

Nerai perks up as she hears Saeren near the water. She comes over and peeks in beside the Night Elf to see what she might see in the water.

Saeren's finger tips are gliding across the small face of a child. Her touch is so light the water is barely even disturbed. "Now perhaps you will see more clearly why I am who I am," she whispers. "There is a risk in having riches of the spirit. There is a danger in thinking that forever should belong to anyone."

Nerai nods to Saeren. "I too have fallen into that trap..." She sighs, and looks back down into that pool. "Perhaps it is something we all must eventually learn."

"I would not change it," says Saeren. "Even though it has cost me so much, seemingly." The elf rises slowly. "I hope that they will have peace. For me, the road goes on. No rest. Not yet."

"A wise person once told me that rest is for those who can't handle the decisions of action." Nerai shrugs, and pucks herself back up, eyes glancing over at Kagarn.

In time, the Tauren finishes his prayers and rises, dusting off his knees and gently prodding the ground with his hooves. He takes a few minutes to light a fire, then casts his totem into it. "Thank you, my friends," he murmurs.

Subdued, or perhaps at least mollified, he leads the way back down the hill, past Nerai's cart (and the raccoon which has taken residence on the seat), and back toward the road.