> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-05-20" started by TidesGM at Sun May 20 18:26:01 2012 CDT (OOC)

With the Defias situation apparently in hand, there's no further need for _Audacious_ to be situated so high in the air. As it settles down again, Kaliera finds Sookie in the usual manner: by noticing her hand fishing about for food in Kaliera's bags.

Kaliera makes a mental note to get Sookie a bag and put food in it, and continues what she was doing: detailing some patterns for the coat being made for Kagarn, bringing some traditional Tauren patterns onto the cuffs and lapels.

"Na, na," Sookie asks around a mouthful of apple. "Do we have enough magic to feed thirty people?"

> (OOC) TidesGM checks Kaliera.

Kaliera thinks for a moment.

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "sorry, the power of bladder compelled me."

> (OOC) Sookie throws in one more then

"I've been thinking." This is never a good start for a conversation with Sookie. "Bandits steal things. Food, weapons, whatever. So they steal from the people who live around here. But that must stop, so we either hunt, buy, or magic up food. No time to hunt, no money to buy, so magic's all that's left. And there'll be lots more Defias soon. How do noble lords do it anyway? They have big armies to feed. This is going to be harder than I thought."

Kaliera says, "Well, the nobles usually have servants, and they have farmers to grow the food for them. Amongst my people, in our refuge, we both foraged and, when we could stop, farmed. Sometimes we stayed underground, and had nothing but mushrooms to eat. The bandits... they steal from the farmers who grow the food because they have no money to buy it."

For a brief moment, Kaliera has the terror of having to teach Sookie economics, but lets it pass.

"I'm a daughter of a noble lady. I should be able to do this." Sookie slides the rest of the apple into her mouth with determination, and chews valiantly. "Um.. So anyway, can we use food magic? Please?"

Kaliera says, "We can use some, but it will take some time to do all of this. We may be able to use some of our money to buy food, as well - we need to buy some things just to use the spells. Just summoning food does not work very well."

Sookie's further questions are interrupted by a call from outside. "A messenger, seeking the priest Kaliera." Outside, waiting patiently, is the dusky-faced human-seeming messenger the group met earlier. The one who claimed to be Forsaken.

Kaliera smiles. "I will recieve him, thank you," she says to the guard, and opens the door. "Please, enter and be welcome," she invites, bowing to the envoy.

There's another presence here, a spirit whose existence is tenuous indeed. "I'm just here to confirm your presence," the messenger says. "He says you should be able to hear him." And the lingering ghost that hovers near, unseen and barely audible, does speak. _At last._

Kaliera nods, slowly. "I do." She takes a deep breath, reaching out into the spirit world for the ghost with a sense still inexpert, in an attempt to grant the spirit the power to speak more strongly, if not completely appear.

_I come to learn of your accomplishments, and to give you information._ The soft voice grows no stronger. Part of it feels.. distant? Not fully present. _What have you learned thus far about Stormwind?_

Kaliera says, "The nobles are self-interested, as expected, many of them lead by a woman named Katrana Prestor; assassins were sent to us; the orders of priests and paladins are more interested in protecting the city than following the leads of the nobles. The Defias may be swayed to cease their attacks, and if that can be done we may have leverage to deal with the nobles from a position of strength. The king remains missing; we may need to speak with the regend."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "regent"

Kaliera says, "I suspect that, within the nobles, there are a number who are more loyal to themselves than to the city, and they are planning the disruptions to seize power."

Kaliera says, "Sookie has taken the lead in dealing with the Defias."

_The king... even the king is a victim of this plot,_ the voice declares. _Do not share your plans with the powerful here. Seek out those who were loyal to the king instead, and ask their aid. Remember the histories of the noble families of old, and be mindful of old names._

Kaliera says, "I have been doing research, nominally on the politics, but also seeking information on the families, and I have a good working with members of the church, for more knowledge. We have been careful, as we know not where we might tread next."

_That is wise._ The voice wavers. _Too soon. I am called elsewhere. The old Alliance had the same enemies you have now. Remember.._ And the presence is gone.

Kaliera sighs, softly, wishing time for a question, but... "Thank you, sir," she says, bowing to the envoy.

The messenger remains. "A true son of Lordaeron. Like all of us. Whatever was said is between the two of you. If it returns to me, I'll bring him back to you." He salutes, and departs.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "I see no sumi. If GM is ready, we can go shake down additional Defias, or take care of other business"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if Kaliera has any specific plans, we should go handle those :)"

> (OOC) Kaliera is researching biographies and geneologies of the nobility of the human kingdoms, which means she needs to look away lest she hibernates

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. We should probably get your findings into the log, though."

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "the Prestors are important, for Katrana Prestor's background; some of the other noble families who seem aligned with her. Those are the big ones sought."

---

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Would you like to do a "flavor" pose starting your research, while I work on the meat of what you'll find?"

Kaliera has been doing research on the various nobles, under the guise of learning what they might want in return for helping the Covenant. This ruse even has the benefit of being true... to a point. But underneath, Kaliera seeks knowledge of lines, of lineages, some which may have been broken and then reformed by others who claimed lost lands to bring a certain cachet to what others might call 'banditry'.

Surprisingly, for all the stock humans put into nobility and lineage, the heraldic records of Stormwind itself are surprisingly incomplete. Sure, there are detailed genealogies of the nobility of Stormwind itself and its surrounding fiefdoms, but there are few records of genealogy beyond the local vicinity, apart from their intermarriages with Stormwind locals.

Kul Tiras, for example, only finds mention of the Proudmoore line, for the prominence of Grand Admiral Daelin Proudmoore and his daughter Jaina in the recent history of Stormwind; and the nobility of Lordaeron and Alterac see little mention at all. Alterac, as the "traitor kingdom", sees little mention at all - the only names mentioned from Alterac's nobility are the Perenoldes, which had been the royal line of Alterac before its collapse, and Daval Prestor, once considered a candidate to take over the Alterac kingdom before his mysterious disappearance during the Second War.

Kaliera frowns a little, and pokes in the archives a bit, looking for news about Katrana Prestor, namely how she claimed her father's place. But subtly, reading about news.

The local genealogy is more fruitful. The lords of Stormwind and Elwynn, such as Lords Ridgewell and Lescovar, have family throughout the region, including some of the now-dispossessed lords who had held Westfall and Redridge. Many of the latter were killed in the bandit conflicts, and Stormwind nobles have been using their blood ties to claim title of those lands; this has been a matter of some controversy, as in many cases the blood ties are weak indeed, and it is only the local lords' wealth - and in some cases, Katrana Prestor's support - that has given their claims any chance of success.

> (OOC) TidesGM adds a clarifying example.

For example, Lord Gregor Lescovar's aunt married Lord Andrew Johnston of Westfall; their son was slain in the Defias uprisings there, and Lord Lescovar has tried to claim title to his lands. Lady Adelia Johnston, his cousin, has strenuously objected, as the sister to Andrew the second; but as she lacked wealth of her own, Lady Prestor ruled that Lescovar's claim was the stronger, as his wealth would help to stabilize the rebuilding of the Johnston estates.

Kaliera hrms, and then tries to find out how Lady Prestor managed to get the authority to do such things. That would seem to be the royal prerogative... so who made her the regent.

It seems that in the wake of King Varian Wrynn's disappearance, the regency was awarded to Lady Prestor by general acclamation - that is to say, no formal vote was taken. The records do show, however, that Bolvar Fordragon (a paladin of the Silver Hand and one of the most respected nobles in Stormwind) was her prime sponsor for the regency, and that her promise was to protect Prince Anduin at all costs.

Kaliera finds some of this puzzling, but puts it to her lack of understanding of these politics. (Really, it's so much easier with Velen in charge, even if the underpriests squabble about things with Velen so intent on the greater path.) She makes notes, and then goes to see what Sookie is up to.

> (OOC) Sookie kicks in?

> (OOC) Kaliera says, "go forth"

Sookie is up to no good. The two orcs taken from the Black Rock forces, Garn and Nurg, are facing difficult times with the Defias 'recruits'. Though the orcs are learning shamanism from Kagarn, they began life as berserker soldiers of the Horde. They know the techniques of the spear and the sword. It's their green skin that's keeping the forest outlaws from learning what they have to share. Through it, Sookie is watching the proceedings, face scrunched up in thought.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Let me know if you wish me to contribute any NPCs to this."

Kaliera arrives, to watch as well.

Finally tensions between orc and human explode. Sookie, with practiced ease, pulls them both into the air and away from each other. They flail for a few moments, until the reminder of who is in charge settles in. Only then does the girl set them down again. "Want to fight? Practice properly," she calls. She's at least fulfilling part of her bargain; the lightning-charred remains of a few wolves hang from a nearby tree by rope, and are being dressed out by a few of the Defias.

> (OOC) Sookie has more

"Wolf meat isn't good," she remarks to Kaliera. "Yeti was better. None around here though. You like wolf? Anyway, I know where to go next."

Kaliera says, "I have some recipes, and we have some spices to use to improve the flavor. Where do we go next?"

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: http://www.wowwiki.com/Morgaine\_the\_Sly - leader of Mirror Lake Defias encampment

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay, is she around?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup."

Sookie's second in command, formerly the leader of this Defias band, is a woman named Morgaine 'The Sly'. A strong personality in her own right, she has had several arguments with Sookie over the proper ordering of the band, but for the most part has been intrigued with the idea of imposing actual _discipline_ on this band of unruly men. Now, she speaks up. "I think Sookie is talking about the village of Moonbrook, in Westfall. That's where my orders always came from; we - I mean, the Defias took it over early on."

"Sookie, Lady of Moonbrook. Sound good, yeah?" the girl asks with a grin. "No more banditry. Free people again. Plenty of food. Happy people. We can make it happen."

"You've done wonders with the boys," responds Morgaine, grinning, "but if you can get them to take up farming, you're not just a lady, you're a goddess."

Sookie points west. "They aren't learning spear and sword to farm. See that? Ocean. The naga are there. Defias will either be their slaves or their victims soon. Maybe even too late now."

Morgaine rubs her chin. "Now _that_ could work," she muses. "Get the boys busy fighting the sea-snakes, let the real farmers come back and leave 'em alone. You'll still need somethin' for them to do after, but I'm sure you all will think of something."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. are we clear to head to Moonbrook? :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure. I'll definitely need more time to prepare those guys, since they're slightly higher class mooks than the ones you mopped up at Mirror Lake."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "ok"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "We can stop in at Sentinel Hill on the way, though. You'll be able to spot their livery from the air, and Morgaine can tell you they're on your side."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. let's go do that. want to pose us through?"

---

Even in these times, Westfall's reputation as the breadbasket of Stormwind is obvious. Farmland can be seen stretching out in all directions, though much of it is now overgrown with weeds, and only a few of the farmsteads still show any sign of cultivation.

Towering over the landscape - though 'towering' is a relative term on these flat plains - is the sentry tower of Sentinel Hill, one of the last few outposts of civilization in these parts. "Gryan Stoutmantle is the leader there," Morgaine says, when asked. "If you're trying to dismantle the Defias, he'll be on your side. Though if you don't mind, I think me and the boys will stay aboard. He may be on your side, but he'll need some convincin' to believe he's on _our_ side."

"Come down with me. They'll all have to learn," answers Sookie.

The paladin Gryan Stoutmantle, a veteran of the Third War, formed the People's Militia of Westfall when Stormwind refused to supply the military support needed to deal with the Defias. Though they have been unable to make any headway against the bandits, they have managed to defend a few of the nearby farmsteads.

His militamen are overawed by the Audacious as it overflies the tower, but the man himself is made of sterner stuff. He greets the airship personally, with a couple of stout-hearted men flanking him. "Welcome to Sentinel Hill," he says. "What's your business here? I must say you've got an awfully fancy flying ship for a sleepy little backwater such as this."

Sookie gestures for as many ex-Defias as will dare to follow her out.

Gryan's eyes widen. "What have we here? I hardly recognized you lot without those damned masks of yours," he says, looking straight at Morgaine, then returning his gaze to Sookie. "So you rounded some of 'em up, did ya? Good work, lass," he says, grinning.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "SPARTANS! What is your profession?"

"They follow me now," Sookie explains. "Bandits no longer. Outlaw no longer. If you got a claim against 'em, talk to me. I'm here to stop the rest of the Brotherhood, and make their men mine."

Gryan frowns. "I hope you know what you're doing, young lady. These guys are hardened criminals, and it ain't going to be easy to keep them in line." He looks up at the Audacious, rubbing his chin. "Still, you might have a chance, if you've got the power to back up this flying fortress of yours." He looks back at Sookie, contemplatively. "I'd as soon never see any of 'em, myself. Those of us who've been mugged, and worse, by the Defias, over and over, are going to find it hard to trust them ever again. Apart from that though... is there anything the People's Militia can do to help you?"

Sookie muses for a moment. "Got any prisoners? News of movements, things like that. Anything you know about the Brotherhood."

"Yeah, I can give you a bit of help with that," says Gryan. "They've holed up in most of the mines around here, and they've been working with goblins, too. Got these nasty scarecrow-like contraptions that try to rip apart anyone who goes into the fields. It's like they're just trying to prevent anyone _farming_ in this parts." The paladin makes a face. "I'll show you the maps we've got, but I have to tell you, I don't get much in the way of intelligence too far from Sentinel Hill. We're trying to defend people, not run spy operations."

"Mines and scarecrows won't be a problem," boasts Sookie. "We'll tell you what we find."

Indeed, Kaliera adds. "We can take action with our.... irregular troops that, I hope, will relieve your troubles somewhat."

As forewarned, Gryan's information is limited and spotty. Much of his planning map is covered with red tokens indicating Defias activity, including hotspots in Moonbrook and the various mines in the area.

> (OOC) TidesGM will puppeteer one of the PCs, who would've been the one to reveal it anyway.

Saeren is the one who first notices a disparity in the tactical situation. "Moonbrook doesn't add up," she says. "If your information on the town is accurate, they've got space to bivouac a few dozen people, at most - yet the pattern of attacks on the nearby farmsteads shows that they've got to have hundreds based there. Maybe thousands."

"Twilight's Hammer used caves in mountains. Defias are probably doing the same," observes Sookie.

Gryan strokes his beard. "Hmm... well, there are the Deadmines in the hills to the south of Moonbrook," he says. "They were abandoned a decade ago when they proved to be haunted, and I had no idea they went anywhere near the town. But that's the only thing I can think of that'd hold that many people anywhere near there. If Saeren is right, they must have a tunnel into the place from somewhere inside Moonbrook.

"We got haunted covered too," announces Sookie proudly, glancing at Kaliera for a moment.

"I do have a few prisoners in the cells here," Gryan adds. "Maybe you can get them to join your band, like Morgaine here. I know one of 'em who I think is itching to talk already, if he weren't so afraid of getting murdered in his sleep by the other Defias."

"Bring 'em out," Sookie says.

Kaliera says, "I shall return in a moment as you do so." And Kaliera goes into the ship for a moment, returning with a covered tray."

A motley collection is ushered out of the cells under guard, shackled together against the chance of escape. Their expressions range from resentment to fear and everything in between. Even the resentful ones, however, seem to take notice when they see Morgaine, unmasked and free, standing beside Sookie.

"Why do you men want to be bandits?" asks Sookie, standing before them.

The murmur of discontent eventually reveals a multitude of answers. "It's somethin' to do." "Beats workin' in the fields." "Got kicked out of the Guard for brawlin, decided to go with what I know best." But in addition to those, there is another category: "They made me an offer I couldn't refuse." "They burned down my farm - what else was I gonna do?" "My friend died in the Stockades. He may've been a bit scummy, but he never did nothin' ta deserve that."

Sookie listens to answer after answer. What she hears tends to fall into two categories: boredom and indignation. Finally, she has heard enough. "I need some fighting men," she announces. "No more banditry. No more robbing. You'll take orders, but I promise you won't be bored. But remember something. Those men who burn your farm? They gave similar reasons."

The Defias of Mirror Lake were captured in one fell swoop; these were captured one at a time by the Peoples Militia. But both groups have something in common: they are quite happy to have an alternative to the Stockades. They are all eager to join, or at least say so.

Gryan is less eager at the prospect. "What's to stop these guys from turning on you, or running back to the Defias the moment their back is turned?" he demands.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Morgaine can supply some answer to that, but if you want to, you're welcome."

In answer, Sookie stretches out her hands. Waves of water erupt outward, forming themselves into rapidly-spinning blades faster than any conceivable river. They shear through the chains of the two nearest prisoners, sending metal links flying. As the water collapses into shapeless puddles at her feet, Sookie takes up a nearby shield and casts it into the air. She strikes it with lightning at its apogee; a twisted wreck of metal falls in its place, still smoking. "First is fear," she explains with a smile. "Second is this. Burning farms, stopping farmers? All sound like some kind of plan." Her attention shifts from Gryan to the captives. "I'm not going to use you men for my goal. My goal is you people yourselves. I was outcast once. Not sure how to live. Some of you aren't sure either. Together we'll make our own way, with our own strength."

Kaliera says, "We offer a greater thing than fear. We offer pride - pride in yourself, in your fellows, in your leaders, and in your actions."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "and anything that Morgaine has to contribute will be welcome here"

Morgaine glances at Sookie in brief astonishment, realizing perhaps for the first time just how much the half-elemental had been holding back at their first meeting. Recovering herself, she addresses the former captives. "You all learned to fear the Defias soon after joining them. Now learn this: there are far worse things to fear in this world than them. I can't say I can guarantee your safety if you follow Sookie - but I _really_ can't guarantee it if you don't."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. reactions? :)"

Gryan subsides. "Well, I do know they understand power. Fine - you're welcome to them." He smiles a little. "I'm not sure whether I should be worried _about_ them, or worried _for_ them. Still, if you can keep them in line, it beats the Stockades."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "and what do the convicts think? :)"

And that sentiment seems to be echoed in the Defias - now former Defias. Maybe some of them harbor thoughts of escape, or rebellion against their new mistress. But for now, they fall in line with a will.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Anything more?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "okay. and we had a guy who wanted to talk?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Ah yes."

And one of the Defias seeks out Sookie, as the commotion dies down. "There _is_ an entrance to the Deadmines from Moonbrook," he says. "I can show you where it's hidden. Just keep me safe from _them_, that's all I ask."

Sookie gestures at the smoking shield. "You think that'll be a problem?"

The man shakes his head.

Sookie pulls a couple of knives from her belt - the assassin's blades. "We already took care of some former friends as well. No fear. Let's go to Moonbrook!"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "which presumably happens next time!"

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Kaliera - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Sookie - 2

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2012-05-20" stopped by TidesGM at Sun May 20 22:30:33 2012 CDT (OOC)