Celebration of the victory at Tides' Hollow quickly gives way to building and rebuilding. The furbolg, with the assistance of the draenei, work hard to clear the rubble from Nerai's efforts at combat engineering. Ezra and Nerai return to work on their project of creating an arcane-driven airship. The draenei themselves continue to solidify their presence on the Azuremyst Isles - both physically and politically, as the Hand of Argus holds the line against the blood elves on the northern isles, while Velen and Tyrande continue to hammer out the terms of a settlement agreement.

But the biggest tasks of building go to Lady Ssudran, as she now calls herself - for she sees it as her task to build up the nation of the lamia. Given the limited capacity of the Chalice of Purification, it takes nearly a week to work her way through the captured naga survivors; in the end, the numbers of the lamia have swollen to forty, mostly males, while their more recalcitrant siblings are given solemn and respectful burial at sea. As the new lamia are debriefed, it becomes clear that the naga's plans for Tides' Hollow merely began with the creation of new Chalices.

The alliance between Kael'thas Sunstrider of the blood elves, and Lady Vashj of the naga, had its roots in Outland, but when the Exodar fled to Azeroth, their assailants followed. The blood elves themselves had been aboard the Exodar, fighting the draenei, and it was their interference that caused the great naaru vessel to crash-land in the first place; but according to the new-born lamia, they had orders from Nazjatar to make their way to Azuremyst to press the draenei on the southern flank, as the blood elves pushed them from the north.

Those plans have been thwarted for now. But the fact that there is only one Chalice of Purification drives Ssudran to hasten her plans to convert the temple at the center of Tides' Hollow from its focus on Dagun. But there she faces two obstacles. First, although she has the arcane skill to shape the ley lines toward their new end, the crafting of new chalices must also evoke a spiritual blessing to take the place of Dagun's dark curse; and second, Tides' Hollow does not belong to her. It is on nominally night elf territory, which is being given as a leasehold to the draenei, who in turn recognize the furbolgs as having the prior claim.

Thus it is that Ssudran, with Lady Asprah by her side, seeks her own audience with the Prophet Velen and the High Priestess Tyrande, determined to win a place for her people in the world, whatever the cost. And here she is dumbfounded; for despite the horrors which the naga had visited upon the night elves and draenei alike, both leaders are positively eager to give Ssudran and the lamia the chance they need. The Stillpine chieftain and the shaman Arugoo join the negotiations, and matters come to swift resolution.

Although Tides' Hollow itself will return to the hands of the furbolg, they agree to allow the lamia to build their temple in the core of Tides' Hollow, on one condition: the new temple will be dedicated to the deities of the furbolg, the twin bears Ursoc and Ursol. Though history claims that the twin gods perished in the War of the Ancients, their blessing is still more than potent enough to bring power to Ssudran's chalices. It seems fitting to Ssudran that gods who perished in the war that created the naga would watch over their redemption.

But Ssudran has another request - for living space. The Azuremyst Isles, as with many other places on the shores of Azeroth, are home to ancient quel'dorei ruins, most of which have been infested by naga. Ssuddran made no secret that she thought of these former homes of the Highborne as a natural place for the lamia to claim as their own... and to her astonishment, Tyrande agreed. For a year and a day, on her authority as the leader of the kaldorei, Tyrande decrees that any quel'dorei ruins reconquered by the lamia shall be theirs to use as they see fit.

"And after that time has passed?" asks Ssudran. "We shall see," replies Tyrande. "Even a limited term will not sit will with my kin. Too many of them, I fear, will see your people as little better than the naga. Perhaps, when they see you as their stalwart allies in the war against the naga, they will learn to change their minds. But if they do not... by then, if Elune smiles upon you, your numbers will have grown enough to find your own way."

---

A week after Ezra's visit to the naaru, the airship is nearly ready for its maiden voyage. As Nerai fires up the everburning furnace and oversees the filling of the envelope, Kagarn looks over the gondola. "Most impressive," he says, admiring the combination of goblin sailing-ship aesthetic with the distinctive crystalline adornments of the draenei. "What is its name?"

Nerai looks at Kagarn. A blank sort of look comes over her face as she is asked this question. "Hey Ezra... What is it's name?" SHe asks. Of course, during the construction it's been called a lot of things, almost all of them unprintable, even if the special sounds had glyphs in common. But a name...

"It is a tiny envelope of air, floating over a vast ocean," Ezra replies calmly. "It carriess few passengers but much hope. If it fallss, all is lost. And yet it flies." He taps his stick into the ground firmly. "Its name is 'Defiant'."

Nerai looks back to Kagarn, as with many engineers and people of that ilk, names and signifigance are more or less lost on her. SHe would call it 'AirshipWithMagicInvolved' if allowed, so Defiant is as good a name as any. "Defiant." SHe smiles, and crawls back into one of the fractional distillation tubes.

Kagarn hums approvingly. "It is a good name," he says, striding up to place his palm against the wood of the hull. "I foresee that you will serve us well, Defiant. You are one of us now."

As the envelope inflates, it begins to draw a small crowd of draenei onlookers, who are likewise suitably impressed, if a little bemused. The Defiant seems tiny in the shadow of the great Exodar, but that it can fly with such economy of magic and technology appeals to them. And its utility, at the present, appeals to Exarch Menelaous, who bows as he greets Ezra. "When will the Defiant be ready to fly?" he asks.

"If I recall aright, within hours," the wizard answers.

Nerai's voice echos from within the Airship, "No more than two hours." SOme clanking is heard, familiar metal on metal sound.

"Excellent. Then I have a request of you for its maiden voyage," says Menelaous. "Blood Watch, to the north, seeks reinforcements against the blood elves. I have sent some of my men on ahead, but with your permission, Ezra, I would like to commission the Defiant to bring another detachment of archers to Blood Watch, and also to reconnoiter the blood elven positions. What say you?"

"I say 'do not be prone to seasickness'," the wizard replies with an unpleasant chuckle.

Menelaous grins wryly. "When the Exodar's engines failed on the approach to Azeroth, I think we learned who amongst us was prone to _that_ malady."

Ssudran, now adorning herself with a thin golden circlet, also wishes to join the voyage, in order to scout out the lamia's future conquests of Highborne ruins. And as they prepare to cast off, there is a late addition - Tyrande Whisperwind herself. "Ezra Pyreborn! You sent for me?"

Ezra nods. "There iss.. a sight which I can share with you, one which I ssuspect will have greater weight from our altitude. Please board, my lady."

Tyrande peers at the Forsaken, and then steps onto the boarding ramp, her two bodyguards in her wake. "How can I refuse such a gracious invitation?" she asks, smiling.

"I stake my life on the ssafe flight of this vessel, my lady," Ezra says, doffing his hat. He means it.

As the Defiant takes to the air and flies north, the verdant green of Azuremyst soon gives way to - "By the light of Elune!" Tyrande cries in dismay. "What has happened to this land?" For as they pass across the southern shores, it becomes clear that the land the night elves called Silvergale Isle has become tainted somehow. The trees have turned color out of season, the grass is browning, and the entire land seems swathed in a red mist.

"We call it Bloodmyst Isle now," Menelaous says grimly. "I fear that some of it is our doing. The wreckage of the Exodar has left arcane-charged crystals across the land," he says, indicating a few giant violet spires protruding from the woods. "But it would not have come to this pass were it not for the interference of the blood elves." He gestures to a distant spire of clear naaru manufacture, visible toward the northwestern tip of the isle. "The vector coil," he explains. "Our scouts tell us that blood elves have claimed the wreckage as their own... and that some strange red effluvium is contaminating the lakes nearby."

"My former people are no doubt part of this catastrophe as well," says Ssudran flatly. "The lamia stand ready, with whatever forces we can bring to bear, to help you rid the land of this taint, Exarch Menelaous."

"Those forces will be greater, Lady Ssudran," says Tyrande, "if you can build your numbers first." She indicates marble spires along the shore; Ssudran eyes them hungrily and nods in agreement.

The Defiant soon passes over the smaller collection of Exodar wreckage that has been refurbished and dubbed Blood Watch by the draenei. "On to the north please, Ezra," requests Menelaous. "We must learn the lay of the land." As the airship passes on, Saeren and Elyssa's sharp eyes pick out small encampments of blood elves apparently massing for an assault, but most of the isle is still populated by its native inhabitants - owlkin, beasts, and a small coven of satyrs. "I wonder if the chalice will work on them," muses Ssudran. "Though I doubt it."

As they approach the northern shores of Bloodmyst, the red haze clears, revealing another smaller island near to hand... and far off in the distance, the gray shadow of a tree, rising from the ocean to the northeast. It is hard to gauge distance, but by any measure it must be enormous. "Teldrassil," sighs Tyrande.

"We come to that which most interestss you, my lady," says Ezra, crossing to stand beside the priest. "Behold the great tree, invessted with the hopess and livess of the night elvess. Their ssymbol of life and their remaining homeland, yes?"

"It is so," agrees Tyrande. "I had my doubts when Fandral Staghelm proposed its creation, but I cannot deny that it has been a powerful rallying point for our people."

"Susstained by druidic magics, it may be. But it remainss a tree, yes?" The wizard gestures with his cane, pointing downward from the crown - down to the roots. Down into the ocean. "In whose domain do its roots lie, my lady?"

"You refer to the naga, I assume?" says Tyrande.

Ezra grins. "Of coursse."

"Fandral Staghelm may be headstrong, but he is no fool," says Tyrande, smiling. "His aquatic druids scouted the proposed site for miles around for any existing residents, naga or otherwise. And they patrol its roots even now, beneath the waves, with my sentinels keeping close watch on the shores. No naga has come within ten miles of Teldrassil."

"Nor had they invaded Kul Tirass. Nor Bloodmysst Isle. Nor anywhere elsse, no," Ezra points out. "How long will your ssanctum remain inviolate?"

Nerai watches the proceedings. Her eyes are both scanning over the control surfaces and listening idly to the conversation. . o O ( THe more things change, the more they stay the same... )

"There are more night elves in Teldrassil than in any one place in all of Kalimdor. If the naga intend to come there, they will find themselves set against the full might of the kaldorei." Tyrande rubs her chin contemplatively. "Even so, it is a fair consideration. The naga are already harassing our shipping lanes and attacking our outlying settlements, as you and your friends know better than most."

"Can your military might sstop them from poisoning the waters, or the roots?" Ezra persists. "We have already sseen that they are willing to ally with rogue Forsaken apothecaries. They know.. much... about such matterss."

"It would be a massive undertaking to poison a tree as great as Teldrassil, and not easy to conceal." Tyrande frowns, narrowing her eyes as she looks out over the ocean to the shadowy boughs in the distance. "However... hmm. The naga have dire legends of their queen Azshara, and their resources are not small. I wonder if _they_ are..." She breaks off, and fixes Ezra with her gaze. "Can I trust you?"

"I am Forssaken," the wizard hisses. "Conssider what I have already ssaid about my brethren, and that you are here with me now. Conssider the sstakes."

The High Priestess of Elune regards Ezra contemplatively for almost a minute. "Very well," she says at last. "All is not well on Teldrassil. Not long after the tree's planting, the furbolgs and the tree-spirits who dwell there began to turn wild and attack our people. Fandral Staghelm has been attempting to study this corruption, but as yet he has had little success in determining its cause."

Ezra listens slowly. "I cannot prove that the naga are behind thiss," he says at last. "But conssider this. Who among the free peopless of the world was ressponsible for the defeat of an Old God already?"

"Even the qiraji minions of the Old God of the desert were not defeated - only held at bay," says Tyrande. "And that only with the help of the dragons. And the naga already see us as their blood enemies. Even if they did not see us as their greatest threat, I have no doubt that they would seek to destroy us first, out of revenge, before they went on to conquer the rest of Azeroth." Tyrande looks out again to Teldrassil. "I will discuss this with Fandral Staghelm when I speak with him this afternoon. And you, Ezra Pyreborn - I urge you not to speak of this with any other of the Forsaken. Though if you are right in your surmise..." She sighs. "I fear some of them may already know."

"This iss the business of the night elvess," Ezra answers quietly. "You will sspeak of it when you are ready. Though if my Dark Lady commands me to sspeak, I will do so. Still, you may trusst her to have.. no love for the naga either."

"I hope you are right, Ezra Pyreborn," Tyrande says.

---

It is evening before Tyrande returns to the Defiant, looking grim. "Adventurers, I have a request of you. The _Elune's Blessing_ must return to Darnassus on the morrow, but I have another errand. Will you take me to the Moonglade, in the mountains above Darkshore? I must speak with Warden Remulos in person."

"Our mission was to warn the Alliance and the Horde of the threat of the naga, yes," Ezra observes. "We have done that here. It iss time for uss to move on regardless."

"I would also ask you to speak with him as well. You have become the closest thing Azeroth has to experts on the threat of Dagun, and I fear we will need your expertise," says Tyrande. "I spoke to you on our flight about the corruption of Teldrassil; today I learned from Fandral Staghelm that the problem is growing worse. The tainted creatures, in addition to becoming more violent, are starting to gain odd mutations. Three days ago, they captured a pack of wild furbolgs who had grown webbed paws and gills."

Tyrande nods toward Ezra. "I did my best to tell him of the possibility that the naga could be behind it, but he refused to listen. He was adamant that it was completely impossible that they could corrupt the World Tree without his knowledge. This is why I must speak to Remulos. Perhaps he will hear me out."

"Then he is a fool," Ezra replies calmly, not even checking to see Kagarn's reaction.

"He has not seen what you have seen," says Tyrande. "He has no personal experience with these aquatic mutations, or their cause." She grimaces. "Still, I had not expected him to be _this_ stubborn. Since he _is_, I fear I must try to work around him. Fandral Staghelm may be the head of the Cenarion Circle, but Remulos is his second in command. I do not want to create a rift amongst the druids, but perhaps Remulos will show me what I need to do to convince him. Or... to do without him, if need be."

"Very well. Perhapss our duty in warning the night elvess is not yet.. finished," the wizard muses.

"My business here is also concluded," says Tyrande. "Fandral Staghelm ratified my decision to cede the Isles to the draenei with little comment. I don't think he cared, since it did not concern Teldrassil. How soon will you be ready to leave?"

Ezra looks around. "We... are ready now, yess," he concludes quietly.

Tyrande nods to Belana and Elyssa. "Then may we come aboard?"

Ezra makes a motion with his cane, ushering the passengers aboard.

Nerai shakes her head, and looks at Ezra. Her goblin hands crawing across the control surfaces to start warming the ship up.

The Defiant casts off again, heading back eastward. As the sun sets behind them, Tyrande stands at the railing, gazing north toward Teldrassil. This afternoon, she looked upon it with pride; now her expression is one of worry, and fear. "It is the symbol of our people," she says softly to the night sky. "What will befall us if it does not survive?"