Unlike in most major human cities, the dungeons of Undercity are largely to be found in its upper reaches. This is because they are in fact the old dungeons of Lordaeron itself; Undercity proper was excavated _beneath_ the dungeon level.

After the aborted coup, Ezra Pyreborn needs no introduction. The guards readily admit him to the high-security wing, where he finds Daniel Bates, alone in his walled cell, sitting cross-legged on the bunk.

"Well?" asks Ezra calmly. Once again he's a walking corpse, heavily swathed in bandages and hunched over.

Daniel does not answer right away, and when he finally does, he remains motionless, not looking up. "Ah, the vaunted Ezra Pyreborn, savior of the Undercity," he says dryly. "Pardon me for not getting up."

"Get up anyway," Ezra replies. "We're going somewhere." He casts a brief glance at the guards, challenging them silently to say or do anything.

"Why should I?" Daniel replies, not raising his voice, but nevertheless allowing his contempt to seep into it. "I can moulder quite effectively where I am. Unless you feel you cannot gloat effectively from where you stand?"

Ezra shrugs. "Can you even stand? Are you even capable of it?" he asks slyly.

Daniel indicates the metal brace bound along his thigh. "I can limp."

"Fine, good enough." Ezra gestures to the guards. "Help him out," he orders.

The nearest guard unlocks the cell door, and Daniel Bates rises to his feet before he can enter. Ignoring the guard's outstretched arm, he limps just outside the cell door, still not looking directly at Ezra.

Ezra starts walking, slowly enough for the other man to keep pace. He's heading out of the cells, toward the outer edges of the Forsaken's holdings within the city of Lordaeron, where two skeletal steeds are waiting for him and his guest.

The guards look uncertainly at the steeds. "Mister Pyreborn, are you certain? This Daniel Bates is a slippery character. At least allow us to bring an escort, for your safety." Daniel Bates does not comment, though he does raise an eyebrow and grant Ezra a faint smile.

"Good. Come along. I want witnessess for thiss, yess," says Ezra affably.

It does not take long for a pair of mounted deathguards to join the group. Daniel Bates is helped into one of the saddles, and soon the four Forsaken are headed out. The guards look puzzled but willing to accept Ezra's whims; if Daniel has any emotion, he does not show it.

At the outer perimeter, Ezra stops and dismounts. He pulls an ax out of the sling attached to his horse's saddle and briefly but brutally hacks down one of the Undercity's distinctive banners at the base of its shaft. The cracked half-face of the Forsaken's flag flutters briefly in the cold wind of Tirisfal Glades as he remounts. "We ride for the Monastery," he announces, clutching the flag's handle.

The Scarlet Monastery's walls are still broken from the assault, though Forsaken stonemasons are busy at the process of repair. As Ezra's group approaches, they pass a Forsaken infantry patrol, and the sergeant salutes the arcanist as he passes.

Ezra points upward at one of the nearer towers. "There flew one of the bannerss of the Sscarrlet Crussade, yess," he explains. "Now there sshould be no quesstion of who ruless in Tirisfal Gladess." He pauses, repositioning the flag in his hand. "The right to make thiss bold proclamation belongss to the Forsaken with the courage and audacity to sspearhead thiss coup." And he turns, extending the flag to Daniel, muttering the invocation of the _flight_ spell. "Your legss will not hamper you for now, no."

For the first time, Daniel Bates looks surprised. "I beg your pardon?" he says as he floats out of the saddle.

"Take this," Ezra says calmly, holding up the flag. "And assert your right, yess."

The former apothecary peers at Ezra quizzically, but takes the Forsaken banner in hand. "Behold!" he cries, in a ringing voice, as he allows Ezra's magic to bear him aloft. Atop the parapet, he wedges the Forsaken banner between a pair of loose flagstones, and cries out again. "Thus falls the bastion of the Scarlet Crusade! Let the living who once looked here in hope, now look upon this place and despair! Victory for the Forsaken!" Around the tower, the undead close enough to hear his voice pause in their labor to raise a fist in the air and repeat the cry. "Victory for the Forsaken!"

Ezra waits patiently, his glowing eyes regarding the other man in calculation.

Daniel Bates waves to the crowd for a few moments, grinning as if he'd planned it this way all along. Only then does he step off the tower and waft gently into the saddle again. As he turns to face Ezra, his smile falls away like a mask, leaving a contemptuous sneer. "What do you think, O lover of the living?" he asks.

"I think you desserved it," Ezra replies calmly. "However we dissagree on your methodss or alliess, yes, it is that fire you sshowed which our people mosst need right now."

"And at least for a moment, they remembered who their true enemies are," Daniel retorts. "Despite your best efforts to make them forget."

"The Crussade was not the true enemy, only the nearesst," Ezra answers calmly. "I agree with driving them out, becausse thiss land will need defensse very ssoon, yes."

"Thanks to you, I'm sure," Daniel snorts. "The naga would have left us for last, since we are immune to their plague. Now, no doubt, you will make enemies of them, and drive them to attack all the sooner."

Ezra shakes his head. "You'd be lasst because they were using you and the apothecaries. They needed an improved plague. You gave it to them. You gave it to them in exchange for .... what?"

"For this, of course," Daniel says, indicating the Monastery with an arm. "You yourself admit this would not have been possible without me. And this would have been just the beginning."

"And then what?" Ezra asks. "Your plan to sstop them. How?"

Daniel rolls his eyes. "Useless, now that... that beating-hearts like _you_ are in the saddle." He turns his eyes to the great pile of ash, which still smolders slowly. "Look at that, for example. All those perfectly good corpses, wasted."

Ezra shrugs. "Humor me, yess. After all.... they are corpses, not Crusaders, are they not?"

"Don't be obtuse," Daniel says. "They're just ash now. They _could_ have been an infantry force for us."

Ezra scratches his chin. "Really? That was your plan? Take over the Crusade and fight the naga with _that_?"

Daniel sighs gustily. "I'm hardly going to tell _you_ the whole plan, am I? You're supposed to be smart - you can figure it out for yourself. Or more likely, figure out a new one."

"Very well then." Ezra cracks his knuckles with an unpleasant sound. "You have a ssmall number of apothecariess and deathguardss, plus.. well, you _had_ Varimathras. But if you rely on _him_, it becomess hiss plan, not yourss, does it not?" He taps the pommel of his saddle a bit. "All you have, really, iss undead troops, and a plague, yess."

"You're no apothecary," Daniel snorts. "You have no _idea_ what potential their plague has for our own research."

"Oh I have a bit of an idea," the wizard answers, cackling. "We can convert naga into their own worsst enemy, yess. Nothing sso mundane as killing them, no."

"Not the whole answer, but close enough," Daniel says. "See, I knew you were clever."

Ezra shakes his head. "Very well. Varimathras?"

Daniel shrugs dismissively. "What of him? It's not as if we _trusted_ him, you know. But his interests coincide with ours a lot better than they ever did with your beloved Sylvanas."

"Either he rules, or you resstrain him," continues Ezra, wagging a finger. "Ssylvanass chose the latter. What wass your choice?"

"I was told how he fell," Daniel replies. "Do you think we could not have done the same, had we needed to?"

Ezra laughs. "Ssurely. Did you have two masster ssupernaturally gifted archerss on which to rely?"

"It was the mob that slew him," Daniel points out.

Ezra nods. "Yess. After he'd taken two arrowss to the eyess." He waves a hand. "Sso let me see if I undersstand our possitionss. You are willing to accept the 'aid' of a powerful demon lord with whom you have little experience, thinking you will manage to betray him successfully, and during that time you ally with the minionss of an Old God - one of the corrupting forcess of thiss world. Do I undersstand you correctly?"

Daniel points to the Scarlet Monastery. "Those who dwelt there called _us_ one of the 'corrupting forces of this world'. We are not so far out of their league as you seem to think."

Ezra nods slowly. "And thiss brings me to my quesstion. How did you overcome the Sscourge's control, Daniel?"

"Because I could see that the Lich King had grown weak," Daniel sneers. "If he could not even hold Sylvanas, after _personally_ seeing to her demise and resurrection, how could he hold me?"

"I ssee. And because you were sso strong and capable, one man who did nothing but talk managed to land you in a cell, yess?" Ezra asks calmly.

Daniel turns his face away. "I knew you couldn't hold back the urge to gloat forever," he snarls.

"You may think of it as gloating if you wissh." The wizard shakes his head. "I regard it as a lesson. I would not wasste my time on a man who had no value or importance, yess. You have fire, much fire inside you. But you burn and burn, without being mindful of what it iss you conssume to keep it ablaze. I need you. The Forssaken need you. You are wassted in that cell, but you musst come to realize why you ended up there."

"If you do, I will challenge the Dark Lady hersself if I musst to get you out of it."

"Don't do me any favors," growls Daniel Bates.

Ezra continues regardless. "For example. The Sscarlet Crusade. An enemy to be sswept aside, yess. A carefully plotted campaign. The minions of an Old God - an _Old God_, creaturess not even the makerss of thiss world quite dared kill. Mere allies. But the _living_, Daniel? The living? That iss who you regard as your greatesst enemy. You hate them. You fear them. And sso you hate me. And that fire goes wasted."

"I can become a living thing, yess. But I am, and I always will be, Forssaken. I bid my former wife goodbye. She is ssafe, and we sspeak amicably now. But that world is forever denied me. Sso be it. I know who my people are."

"Hah!" Daniel Bates says, still not facing Ezra. But, just for a moment, the wizard can see his shoulders slump.

"Sso. 'The living' is ssuch a broad category. Ssurely they cannot all have wronged you," persists Ezra. "Sso. It iss not them. It is.. you."

"Oh, by all means make peace with the living," Daniel Bates replies. "There's no advice you need from _me_, I'm sure."

Ezra hums. "And why do you not?" he asks calmly.

"Why does it matter?" Daniel retorts. "The wise and wonderful Ezra Pyreborn could surely not hope to learn anything from the story of a lowly failed conspirator such as Daniel Bates."

"If that'ss so, then why am I out here listening?" the wizard asks quietly.

Sensing silence, Ezra speaks again after a minute. "Very well. If I am ssuch a sympathizer of the living, why do I wear thiss undead state now?" he asks. "Hm?"

"Good question," says Daniel Bates. "Why don't you tell me? Perhaps you find us undead a useful ally for the moment? Or perhaps you still retain a smidgen of sense."

Ezra shakes his head. "If you will not tell me your plan, I will not tell you mine," he says firmly. "You figure thiss out. Now tell me."

"Very well," Daniel sighs. "I'll play your game for a moment. You wear undead form because you still consider yourself a Forsaken and want to emphasize that fact. Am I right? Do I win a prize?"

Ezra shakes his head. "Try again."

"Drat, I was sure I had it that time," Daniel murmurs. "Okay. Because you got sick of having to breathe all the time? Because you didn't want to have to smell our rotting flesh?"

Ezra shakes his head silently.

"Well, then I give up," Daniel Bates says testily. "You're too clever for me, I guess."

Ezra shakes his head. "No. No ssimple insults, Daniel. You are better than that. Tell me why. Or ssay that you do not know, and mean it."

Daniel finally turns back to face Ezra, his milky eyes glinting faintly with their corpselight. "Very well, then. I do _not_ know why you choose to wear the shape of the undead," he says.

Rather than answering directly, Ezra seemingly digresses. "Ssaeren. The night elf with me. Hated, mistrussted, feared, shunned by her own kind, yess. Now accepted grudgingly by ssome within her people, for the ssimple crime of tolerating non-elvess and sseeking her own brand of revenge, yess. Nerai, sso foreign to goblin kind becausse of her honor and dignity that assassinations have been attempted againsst her, yes. A sstranger among her kin."

"I believe that if tomorrow a zombie arosse from the fieldss of the Plaguelands, entered a village, was fed and clothed and welcomed as one of their own, put to work in the fields like any other peassant, treated with resspect and with love.. I believe that he would not be Forssaken. And I believe that my comradess are as much Forssaken because of their livess as I am. Living or dead doessn't matter to me. I wear the undead form for you for the ssame reason I have always bandaged mysself among the living. For their comfort. It iss a massk. What matterss is kinsship. And that iss why you snipe at me. Why you refuse me. Becausse to you I have offered the greatesst betrayal of all."

"The kinsship of the Forssaken remainss open to you. The kinship of the living likewise becomess possible to you. Daniel, you will alwayss have a place. And if your fire does not go to wasste, it will be an important and exalted place, as your bold actionss have merited. It iss not too late. For either of uss."

Daniel Bates snorts and shakes his head, then turns away silently. Nevertheless, in the glimpse of his face before it is hidden from view, Ezra catches a thoughtful expression on the man's grey face.

Smiling in his thoughts, Ezra continues. "Why care about the Sscarlet Crusade if it wasn't the Forssaken you were trying to protect?" he asks softly.

"Well, _obviously_ I just had a personal grudge against the Crusade, so I just wanted to use the Forsaken to fulfill it," Daniel Bates says, sarcastically. Or rather, a _show_ of sarcasm, with a note of sincerity that he cannot completely hide.

"You needed them. You sstill do," Ezra answers from behind him. "They are your kin."

"My kin keep me imprisoned as a traitor," Daniel Bates says softly. "And I can hardly deny the charge. If they ever need me enough to overcome that, I will be ready."

"We need you. That has been ssaid. But to esscape that cell, you _musst_ realize why you were placed in it," Ezra explains. "By your actionss you chose a demon over your queen. You plotted an overthrow of our preciouss city. You consspired with those who used uss and would have eventually overcome uss if we sstood alone. And sso the people of the Undercity feared you." He edges his unliving mount over, far enough to place a hand on Daniel's shoulder. "It iss you who musst also come back to them."

Daniel does not answer directly - but neither does he draw his shoulder away. Instead, he looks up at the Forsaken flag, atop the parapets of the Monastery. "I never thought I would see this place in the hands of the Forsaken so soon," he says quietly. "And you did make good use of my preparations, Ezra Pyreborn. I'll grant you that much."

"I will acknowledge that freely," Ezra admits. "And I did sso before all those here, and will do sso before any at the Undercity who question it."

"Sso I ask you to think on thiss. For what I believed, for what I believed in sso strongly I have rissked my life in timess past, I committed my own brand of betrayal. I sstruck a blow for that which I felt musst be done, in a way I felt it musst happen. Are we then sso different, Daniel Bates?"

"At the end of the night, Ezra Pyreborn," Daniel acknowledges, "we are all Forsaken."

Ezra nudges his horse gently about, circling Daniel's own until he faces the man again. And he offers his hand. "It iss not too late," he says.

Daniel glances down at the hand, then up at Ezra's face. His ragged lips quirk in a slight smile. "Perhaps not. But it _is_ too soon."

Ezra nods in melancholy understanding. "As you ssay. I trusst you can find your way back to your cell, then?" he asks. "Go sslow. Ride gently. It is a good night to take in the free air of Tirisfal Glades. Even if you don't care for breathing."

Daniel laughs briefly, and turns to his guards. "Let's go, then. Don't want me to get lost," he says to them. The guards, as such people do everywhere, do not share his sense of humor, but silently fall into step on either side of him, and the three ride slowly along the road back to Undercity.

Ezra watches them go. He thinks for a moment, then dismounts, and pulls out parchment and ink - vital tools to carry on one's person, if one is an arcanist, and he begins scribing a hasty letter.

"To whom it may concern - I, Ezra Pyreborn, took Daniel Bates from his cell to Scarlet Monastery. I trust he is safely returned. I do this because I know that his obedience is more important than my disobedience. If I am judged wrong, I will go at least as willingly to my cell as he did to his. Victory for Sylvanas - E."