There are no further attacks on the _Elune's Blessing_. Perhaps the reason is simply that the naga cannot put together another expeditionary force in time. It is only a few days later that Saeren, in her perch on the crow's nest, spots the first sign of land on the horizon. As the vessel draws nearer, Drusilla confirms it. "That's the island I was taken from," she says. "The Azuremyst Isles," adds Tyrande. "Our ancestors had lived there in millenia past, before the Sundering."

The Azuremyst Isles are a chain of dormant volcanic islands, green and lush. The plantlife is easily recognizable as unusual, even from here, compared to their mainland cousins. Now, however, the worn-down peaks are dominated by new additions; crystal spires can be seen tilting at odd angles. The largest by far is before them, rising high above the mountains. "The Exodar," explains Drusilla. "Our interdimensional craft, damaged in the travel to this world. It may be decades before it can fly again, but for now it is our home on this world." She seems excited at the prospect of seeing her own kind once more.

The Forsaken wizard has been creaky and silent since his supremely embarrassing run-ins with the naga. His turn to the taciturn grows ever deeper with the announcement of land, and he spends his time before the arrival muttering to himself in a farrago of ancient languages, and taking copious notes on a few sheets of vellum.

As the _Blessing_ draws close to the isles, a red spark flies from a nearby peak, erupting in a glowing crimson fireball. There is no sign of magic; Nerai identifies it as some sort of firework. Only Saeren's eyes are sharp enough to note the hint of blue skin, quickly vanishing, from the launch point.

"They must be keeping watch," murmurs Saeren. She relays what she's seen to the others "Apparently the Draenei scouts are aware of our arrival."

There are no port facilities; the draenei here have not yet had the opportunity to create sailing vessels, and the ancient kaldorei ruins are far too decrepit. Instead, Tyrande orders the _Blessing_ to make for a nearby beach, where they plan to drop anchor and take a rowboat to shore. By the time the night elven vessel arrives, there is an assemblage of draenei waiting for them. Most are armed, and even the ones without obvious weapons are hale and hearty; but no weapons are drawn yet.

As the _Elune's Blessing_ draws near enough to shore for voices to carry over the surf, the apparent leader calls out with a strong voice. He is an imposing, heavily armored male draenei with rugged cranial features and a lush black beard. His words are in draenei, but even those aboard who do not know the language can clearly comprehend it; an ornately robed, if less robust, male next to him goes some way to explaining this fact. "Hail, unknown vesssel! What are your intentions here?"

"We return to you a prisoner of war," croaks Ezra, beckoning for Drusilla to present herself, and speaking in the best Draenic he can muster. "A war you may not be aware you are fighting. We come to warn you of the extent of the danger."

There is some hostile muttering as an obvious undead figure addresses them, but it is cut short as Drusilla appears over the railing. There is silence, and then, as the apprentice shaman waves cheerfully, the mood lightens almost tangibly. "Send her over," calls the leader. "It seems that we have much to discuss."

The captain's gig is lowered into the water; the captain herself keeps watch over the _Blessing_ with her sentinel guards, while Tyrande and her bodyguards are rowed ashore, along with the adventurers. Given that the draenei have good reason to mistrust the naga, Asprah agrees to play the role of captive, with Belana and Elyssa pretending to be her wardens, until there is the chance to explain.

Saeren is not precisely pleased with Asprah's treatment, but tolerates it as a reasonable plan. She turns regularly to the water. They aren't out of reach of those under the tides just yet.

The draenei leader introduces himself as Exarch Menelaous - Exarch being a title of command within draenei culture. "Drusilla, isn't it?" he says, addressing his kinswoman. "Weren't you with the pod that crash-landed at Ammen Vale? How came you to be with these people?"

"I was captured by the naga," replies Drusilla. "They took me to the mainland, intending to use me as a sacrifice to one of their dark gods. These people," she says, addressing her companions, "rescued me." She pauses. "How is it that you had not learned of my absence? Surely Ammen Vale would have reported in?"

The man shakes his head. "We lost contact with them some time ago. There've been brief transmissions, just enough that we know they're still alive, but their transmitter is in poor repair, and we haven't had the resources to send out a party with a replacement."

Nerai looks over, "Transmitter?" Nerai, having been a bit in her own little world, perks up when they mention the broken transmitter, "You know, we might be able to help you with that. We're going that way anyway, right Ezra?"

The exarch peers down at the diminutive green-skinned creature. "The transmitters I speak of are not magical in nature," he says. "Instead, they depend on the natural properties of the Many Worlds, used in interesting ways. How much do you know of such things?" He sounds doubtful.

Nerai pats her pockets, and pulls a few parts out. It's a matter of moments before she has a little clockwork butterfly she had been playing with mocked up, a whirrr as it rolls it's spring out, moging iron wings slowly back and forth. "I think I should be able to help." She smiles a large, toothy, Goblin smile.

Menelaous looks astonished. "By the naaru," he says. "You _do_ have technology on this world." He smiles. "I think your skills will be greatly in demand in Ammen Vale." He looks at Ezra, and Asprah. "But I must admit I have doubts about some of your companions. One of them appears to be one of the walking dead, and the other seems as one of the naga, yet strangely altered. What are your stories, pray tell?"

"Your eyes do not deceive you, sir," Ezra replies with a sardonic tip of his hat. "In this place, the Burning Legion created an army called the Scourge. The dead of this world, brought back to kill the living, yes. Those of us called the Forssaken regained our sselves. We sstill hear the Lich King's voicce, commanding uss to slay. But we...hold it at bay."

"The Burning Legion?" says Menelaous, eyes widening. "You mean this world has endured an invasion from the Legion? How fared you?"

"We died from it," Ezra replies shortly.

The wizard sweeps a hand across those who came with him. "You may assk the elvess, yes. They weathered it.. better. The Alliance and the Horde together have fought demonss, and yet sstill fight each other. In thiss world you have come to, there will always be war.. somewhere."

"The Forsaken speaks truly," says Tyrande. "Indeed, our world has been invaded by the Legion, not once, but twice. Three times, if you count their proxies the orcs." There is a muttering from the draenei as the orcs are mentioned, but they allow her to continue. "The first invasion by the demons themselves was ten thousand years ago, and in the course of repulsing them, our world was sundered."

"It was that cataclysm that created the naga. They are the former kin of my people, cursed by the dark gods of this world. And it is only recently," she says, nodding to Asprah, "that we even learned that the curse could be lifted. Asprah is now one of the lamia, the first of her kind - but by the grace of Elune, she will not be the last."

Menelaous nods. "So that explains your other strange companion," he says, referring to Asprah. "But what of the second invasion? You spoke of two invasions from the Legion."

"It was that invasion that created Ezra's kind," replies Tyrande. "But the Scourge of undeath was merely their opening salvo. When they had the means to do so, the demons themselves entered our world with powerful magic. Archimonde himself attempted to capture our world tree, Nordrassil, which grew from the wellspring of this world's arcane power. It was only by detonating the world tree itself that my people were able to destroy him, at the price of our immortality."

The muttering resumes as Archimonde's name is dropped, and grim words can be heard in the background. But as Tyrande finishes her tale, the entire crowd falls silent. Menelaous is the first to speak, in a quavering voice. "Archimonde the Defiler... is no more?"

Tyrande nods. The mumbling begins again, but this time, rather than hostility, the mood is mingled disbelief and hope. Menelaous quells the hubbub with a raised hand. "This is difficult to believe, Tyrande Whisperwind. But if it is true, this is most momentous news. Will you travel with us to the Exodar to speak with Velen?" Tyrande nods. "That is why I am here," she answers.

Drusilla pipes up. "But what of Ammen Vale?" she asks. "If you have lost contact with them, they could be in danger. They've already been attacked by the naga once, I know that." Menelaous frowns. "I would if I could, Drusilla. But we have few men and women to spare. There is trouble on Bloodmyst Isle to the north, where several key parts crashed, and my best have been sent there to investigate."

"Where there are naga, we must go as well, yes," Ezra murmurs. "It sseems that is our place for now."

Saeren perks up at the mention of naga. She has a bow for that kinda thing, after all. "I like the sound of this Ammen Vale. We're more useful there than we are here."

Menelaous raises an eyebrow. "Well, then, the solution is obvious. I will send you with what supplies I can spare. Drusilla will accompany you, of course. My kinsmen will be as distrustful of Ezra Pyreborn as I was, and if they have faced constant battle, they will be less patient as well. Their long-lost compatriot will go a long way to increasing their patience."

Ezra tips his hat again, and hobbles away from the group, leaning heavily on his cane as he walks.

Nerai frets over the cars and, mostly, Eecee as it's wenched down into the water, and floated carefully to shore on a makeshift raft. As soon as it's ashore, she's already burried in the metal man, checking him over for defects, etc.

While Nerai is making nervous preparations for the journey, Saeren turns her attention to her new sister. "Asprah, I would be honored if you would journey with us a little farther. I pledge that I will keep you safe--your life comes before my own."

Asprah looks toward Tyrande, thinking. "I gather that the draenei wish to learn more about me. But..." The lamia smiles. "They also wish to learn more about Ezra, it seems. If they can wait for him to return from Ammen Vale, they can wait for me as well." She bows. "And if you can rescue more of my kinsmen, I wish to be there when you do."

As the others prepare for departure, Kagarn observes Ezra wandering off by himself, and follows at a respectful distance. "You seem troubled, Ezra Pyreborn. Do you wish for solitude?" asks the tauren shaman, as they draw out of earshot of the draenei camp.

"If you thought I did, you would not be here," observes the wizard quietly. "What do you sseek to really know?"

Kagarn shakes his head. "You have not been the same man since Tyrande brought you back to unlife. It is often the role of shamen to provide for the spiritual needs of his companions. But I will not interfere if you would not have me do so. I am... curious, I suppose you could say."

"That iss easy." Ezra plants his cane into the sand. "I thought to impress the elvess with the power of arcane magic. To disspel their intolerance by sshowing them that it could be used in the sservice of jusstice. I .. admit that I forgot mysself. Insstead I will be returning to the use of my cusstomary tactics, yes."

Kagarn runs a finger along a horn. "Ah," he says quietly. "I had wondered why you tried to take the fight to the enemy. It is that you felt you had something to prove." He nods. "For myself, I can tell you this: it is your actions that speak for me, not your magic. Your route to power uses the elements in a way drastically different from my own, but it is by your purpose that I deem you uncorrupted. Others will see this as well, if they have eyes to see."

"You come to the crux of the matter, tauren." Ezra grips the head of his cane more tightly. "Perhapss if the entire world were to fight alongsside certain of the Forsaken - that is, those who have not already foolishly allied with the naga or otherwisse done ssomething... regrettable.... perhapss then we will find acceptance. Until then, I have realized it is pointless to sseek the approval of you living folk. I will do what I ssee fit."

Kagarn nods. "I have spoken with my kinsman who follow the druidic path. They often speak of the urge to prove themselves to the night elves, who all too often treat tauren druids as if they were children. I shall recall your words when next I speak to them." The tauren bows, and leaves Ezra to his thoughts.

---

It is not far to Ammen Vale as the crow flies, and not much further on the ground through the trees. Once again, Saeren is the first to see the Ammen Mountains, separated from the main body of Azuremyst by a thin sandbar, almost at sea level. And she sees something else, at the mouth of the valley: a small squadron of naga.

There is one robed naga female and eight heavily armored males, half with large tridents and half with crossbows. They appear to be watching the valley, with only occasional attention to Azuremyst proper.

Saeren slips back to join the others so she can relay to them the information. "So.. how do we best use this situation to make more lamia?" she asks at last.

Ezra has returned, and after listening to the explanation, offers his opinion: "Bring any captivess before the draenei. Let them ssee first hand what the chalice doess."

Asprah says, "It's hard to say which of them harbor doubt about their cause and which do not. You cannot tell until you can talk with them. And none of them will be friendly with us where the others can see them, even if they have reservations about the God."

Ezra hums. "Then you should pray to Elune for magic which revealss their hearts to you," he suggests. "Let uss see if the goddess iss interested in regaining followers, yes."

Ezra beckons fire from the arcane ambiance of the island, forges it into a weapon in his hand, and casts it - all in the space of a few seconds. The naga sorceress takes the full brunt of the surprise casting, while Ezra looks inordinately pleased with himself. He's back.

Saeren grins at Ezra's first move. Even missing her first two shots can't fully diminish her joy that her friend is back to normal. The last shot slices through the flesh of a skirmisher, but doesn't bring him down. "I have to shoot better to keep up with you!"

Nerai kicks the drive lever into position, and pilots Eecee to his mark, the phlogiston bubbler whining as it turns over.

As is his wont, Kagarn is ready, laying hands upon the night elf sentinel and invoking the blessing of the spirits of battle. And as he finishes speaking the words, the naga prepare to deal with the threat...

One of the trident-wielders is the first to realize that they face attack from a new quarter. He quickly slithers up to his fallen mistress, digging up handfuls of wet sand to splash on the flames still burning on her motionless body.

Mindful of the archers remaining, Ezra draws forth the shadow. Around him, a cloud of dark mist coalesces into duplicates of himself. There are now five undead mages, all indistinguishable from each other, all performing the same motions.

Saeren continues to empty her quiver into the same naga, but he stubbornly refuses to do the right thing and turn into fertilizer. "I need more firepower," grumbles the night elf.

A second naga bestirs himself, beckoning frantically to the others and moving to confront his tormentors. "Scalemen, form line! Archers, attack mage!" He peers into the treeline. "Uh... mages!"

Nerai pushes Eecee into high gear, the metal contraption pound the ground unforgivingly under it's feet, thrashing at the ground as she pulls Eecee into it's most effective range.

One of the bowmen, falling back, aims his crossbow and fires. Ezra takes the bolt straight to the chest, and crumples... and vanishes, along with the bolt itself. The other four versions of him remain undeterred.

The rest of the naga archers follow suit. Two of them hit the same target, which also vanishes. The fourth of the bowmen hits yet another image, which takes the hit but keeps on coming - and only Ezra knows for sure that this one struck true.

Three of the trident-wielders have moved to form a line in front of Eecee's charge. The fourth carefully lowers his body beside his mistress and pulls a flask from his belt, slowly trickling it down her throat. She twitches, and her eyes flicker momentarily.

Kagarn, seeing this, calls out, "It's a healing potion! She's alive!"

The wounded wizard and his shadows blink out of existence. Now that the naga witch is back, he is taking it upon himself to deal with her personally.

The two shots of Saeren fly true, killing the invisible friend of one of the naga. This task completed, the night elf buried the third shaft into a real enemy, killing him.

Meanwhile, Eecee has moved close enough for the naga to attack. One of them slithers at top speed, and the trident clangs into the iron armor, gouging out a sizeable chunk.

Nerai eyes the first contestant to Eecee's wrath, and flings her weapons overhead. Both the morning star and the sword fall to either side of the Naga, cleaning missing him both times.

Kagarn utters a prayer to the spirits of wind, and raises his totem high. The air responds to his call, and a bolt from the blue sizzles down. The naga witch stiffens and thrashes, and then is still once more - once again, no longer _playing_ dead.

The surviving three naga bowmen, no longer presented with a mage, aim their weapons instead at the tauren, two finding their mark. The melee specialists close around the steam armor, one of them finding his mark with the huge trident and putting another gouge in the metal.

Saeren's first two shots again go wide. Perhaps killing an invisible, imaginary turtle. The third arrow finds the mark, but doesn't bring the enemy to its knees.

The naga prove to be quite deadly with their tridents. Another blow scores the hull of Eecee, which is beginning to look rather ragged.

Nerai watches the Naga Scalemen surround Eecee like so many murlocs. She takes a swing at the Scaleman in front of her, hersword help at her side. The swing still misses, wide of it's target. Nerai curses under her breath, and takes a step back.

Kagarn, with two arrows in him, decides that the best defense is a good offense. He reaches out with the power of the elements, and lightning sizzles across the battlefield - but the naga leaps aside at the last second, singed but still in the fight.

The naga in the lead press their attack on the metal machine, their enormous weapons striking at the metal, flaying it heavily. Eecee is still up at the end of the assault, but only just.

Coming out of invisibility, Ezra and his two flunkies sweep through the remaining naga. A sorcerous whorl of katabatic winds reduce most of the survivors on the field to dead or dying, leaving the two flanking Eecee. He manages a quick glance in Kagarn's direction.

Saeren does some very quick analysis. Kagarn is going to have to nuke this fight to conclusion, it falls to her to keep things clean as possible. The first shot sends a naga into the turf, the second glances off the armor of a bowman, but the third is nearly perfect, and turns the enemy into a very cold lump of burning flesh.

Nerai's eyes light up as Ezra appears beside her, and fills the battlefield with a deadly blast of cold. Nerai attemps to capitalize on this, but her attacks are impotent again, the mornign star simply bounding off their armor.

"Surrender or die!" bellows Ezra in passable Nazja. "You have one chance to live."

Kagarn does not wait for them to reply. He mumbles under his breath and simply points at the surviving archer. The air sizzles, and a bolt streaks straight down, and leaves him in a rather less healthy state.

Two of the naga glance at each other, and then drop their tridents, raising their clawed hands in the air. The third, apparently made of sterner stuff, veers off, neatly dodging one of Eecee's attacks, and swings his trident through the empty air that turned out be another of Ezra's images.

The final naga pays for his insolence as Ezra visits a burst of hellfire upon him. "For the living, a chance," he announces loudly in Nazja. "For the defiant... death. You will come with us. You will not be mistreated."

True to Ezra's word, Kagarn, Drusilla, and Asprah move up, calling upon their respective spiritual powers as they move upon the fallen naga. Two of them Kagarn deems beyond saving, but the rest will live - including their apparent leader.

And as they are doing so, there is a movement from the mouth of the valley, and a draenei male emerges, his hands kept clearly visible. "I don't know who you are, but if you are here to help, then I thank y..." he begins, and then trails off. "Drusilla? Is that you?"

The shamaness looks up at the sound of the newcomer's voice, and squeals. "Naarya!" she cries in delight and rushes over to him, wrapping both arms around his neck. He laughs in astonished delight and returns the hug. "I thought for sure I'd never see you again!"

The two draenei disentangle themselves from each other, as Kagarn and Asprah continue their work of stabilizing the wounded, and Saeren binds them. "After they took you," Naarya says to Drusilla, "the naga have been besieging us ever since. We have adequate provisions, but we don't have any means of repairing our communicator. We'd assumed that the Exodar had given us up for lost..."

Drusilla shakes her head. "There is trouble at Bloodmyst. These people," she says, indicating her companions, "were kind enough to offer their assistance yet again. And one of them claims to be a technologist," she says, indicating the goblin fussing over her damaged steam armor.

Nerai waves from the cockpit of Eecee, "If you take me to the communicator, I can probably get 'er fixed up for ya."

Naarya nods to the crew. "Again... thank you. For everything," he adds, giving Drusilla another squeeze. "Come! Let me take you to the crash site."

Ezra walks alongside Kagarn as the group travels. "Ahhh," he says with a happy sigh. "Fear, stealth, and guile, yessss. That iss truly the ssecret to success."