> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-03-27" started by TidesGM at Sun Mar 27 17:50:01 2011 CDT (OOC)

With Angor Fortress contained, the Maker's Terrace is clear of opposing Dark Iron forces; a regiment of Ironforge riflemen hold the valley at the head of the Uldaman excavation.

"The mountain's still crawlin' with Dark Iron, though," Commander Gravelbeard says to Nerai, as the adventurers make their preparations to venture inside. "They're cut off, but Titans alone know what they're up to in there, or what manner of artifacts they've been able to lay their filthy hands on. We still haven't been able to make contact with Baelog's expedition."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "one more"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Just as long as my number of arrows >= number of dorfs, we are good, ne?"

As Gravelbeard had explained in the briefing earlier, the Explorer's Guild had sponsored an expedition into Uldaman, which had been going well before an onslaught of troggs had driven Ironforge out of the installation. There has been no intelligence since, and the disruption had given the Dark Irons the opening they needed to launch their own expedition/invasion of the Titan site.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Open pose for Q&A before you all go inside."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Sookie's question will be 'anything good to eat that the Titans left' so we can skip over that"

> (OOC) Nerai gives sookie some venison Jerky. Can't Tell It's Not Human (tm)

> (OOC) Saeren ponders.. doesn't have anything, though.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Since my question would be: So.. I can kill everyone inside except our team, right?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Yeah, so we're here.. to see what the DIs are up to inside?"

> (OOC) Nerai is sorry, probably lost track.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I figure when we go for recon it saves us time if we just win the whole fight."

Between Kagarn, the others' recollection of Ezra's translations and conversation, and information from the dwarves of Ironforge, the real value of the Uldaman site becomes evident: the first dig site, at Bael Modan, was merely an educational facility. And just that was enough to set in motion the war on the naga, when the truth about Dagun was revealed. This facility, also Titan-constructed, might be a treasure trove of truths about the ultimate enemy. This cannot fall into the hands of the Dark Irons.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Who are you, Rambo? :)"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Thank you, GM"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Thank Bill for that one n.n"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Thank you, mindless killing machine."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "All right. If there's any further discussion, OOC a "." so I can pause for it. Otherwise, let's see if I can get this started off right."

> (OOC) Nerai is good.

The upper reaches of the excavation are apparently deserted. There are occasional makeshift encampments, apparently left behind by the retreating Dark Irons, and a number of everburning torches have been left affixed to the walls. A handful of urns, which Kagarn identifies only as likely Titan relics, rest in some of the encapments, and at one point part of a carved frieze has been exposed. For all their hostility to Ironforge and to other races, the Dark Irons have been painstaking about their archaeology.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Saeren, you hear a faint sound ahead - a muffled cough. It's probably about twenty yards ahead, around at least one corner."

> (OOC) Nerai needs to idle for family for a bit, be back soonish, sorry.

Saeren makes a gesture to the others, a swift stroke down, then swirls a finger about to urge her party to mill about. As they do, she will slip into the shadows and go ahead to find just who it is that can't handle the dust of the excavation.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm going to go terrorize this random encounter!"

> (OOC) Saeren has stealth 18 and is gonna use it n.n

The eldritch wavering of the magical torches, far from calling attention to Saeren's position, form a distraction to the eye that gives Saeren all the more leeway to practice the sentinel's art. Thus it is that after traversing two more lengths of tunnel, she becomes aware of a sussuration of faint sounds - the sound of at least a dozen dwarves trying to breathe quietly. And the torch affixed to the tunnel mouth ahead of her is clearly intended to silhouette anyone that turns that corner.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "If I only had a grenade..."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Talk to Nerai about that n.n"

Having discovered the quarry is high in numbers, Saeren turns back to warn her friends. Stuck as this group of enemies is in such a tight space, she has some ideas. When she gets back to the others, she will take a moment to write down what she has seen and show it to Nerai and Kagarn.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "A dozen or more dwarves in tunnel, trying to hide themselves for ambush."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Not sure if Brendan is back yet, so I guess I'll take a pose from Kagarn :P"

Kagarn peruses the report in silence, and then scribbles an addendum: "You and Nerai are the experts in war. Advice?"

> (OOC) TidesGM fixes

Saeren looks thoughtfully at the note. She writes down, "We can blow them up. Or I can put arrows in them. Blowing up seems faster."

"Na, goshi." Sookie looks up at Kagarn. "Hate be one say this, but what if they not enemy this time?"

Saeren raises her eyebrows at Sookie. "You think they might not be our enemies?" she writes down.

> (OOC) Nerai returns, reads.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "If Sookie can't read, assume Kagarn is whispering to her. By this point, whoever's doing the ambush will know that /something/ is up, because Eecee isn't getting nearer. (I assume you have Eecee down here.)"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "she's not illiterate as such but yeah, she'll talk quietly"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Such is a useful assumption if we wern't going in silently explicitly to begin with. "

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I'll let Nerai decide if Eecee was coming along. As for blowing things up... what sort of nonstandard combat gear would Nerai be packing these days?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Well, if Eecee is here, Nerai would keep explosives in him, probably as a matter of course."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Given the times we've used such things before."

> (OOC) Nerai totally assumes Eecee is here.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Since we do this every expedition n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Indeed. But... perhaps things other than straight-up explosives?"

> (OOC) Saeren waits for Sookie, who might remove the desire to kill these things.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "such as smoke bombs?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "I don't know what you're hinting at, but remote detenators for sure, because that's almost always what we do."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Maybe?"

Sookie shrugs. "Not want get in trouble if attack ally again," she whispers faintly. "Also, no hide in own cave. Who they hide from?"

Kagarn rubs his horn contemplatively, whispering just loud enough for his allies to hear him over the idling Eecee. "It could be Ironforge _or_ Dark Iron. We know both sides have people down here."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "What I was hinting at, and this is something that comes from Saeren's Tactics knowlege as much as anything else, is that a smoke bomb could allow someone like Saeren to avoid being shot by the ambushers long enough to find out if they were friend or foe. And if there's enough smoke and she's lucky, she might find cover out of the kill zone."

Saeren looks thoughtfully at Kagarn. "I suppose I can go say hello? Do we have something that would give me a few seconds to get away if they are the enemy?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Honestly, the only thing that goes into smoke bombs that Nerai might have a chance of not carrying is dye. But I bet arrowblack or somethign would work for that."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Nerai's study of technology in warfare should have discovered the value of spoiling line of sight when one side has sharpshooters."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "In short, you have the makings of smoke bombs if you want them."

Nerai looks through Eecee and shakes her head, "No, don't have anything like that.." She looks and looks, "Now if I just had some weaponblack, then that would be something..."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "What I wouldn't give for a holocaust cloak."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "(I think this is your cue, Saeren.)"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Exactly what I was going for. :D"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Weaponblack? :P"

> (OOC) Saeren is not aware of what this is RL.. is looking ^^;;

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yeah, I actually think I could use an explanation of this myself, come to think of it."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Stuff you put on weapons to make them black so they don't shine in light."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Ahh.. okay. I couldn't find it on anything ^^;;"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "http://everything2.com/title/weaponblack"

Saeren looks askance at Nerai. "You realize what I do for a living, right?" She pulls out a small pouch and tosses it to Nerai. "I can always get more later."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I wouldn't carry a glass jar, so some kinna sealed pouch will do :P"

> (OOC) Saeren has to eat quick, however :/ brb!

Nerai nods and looks it over, "Excellent, excellent, I shouldn't need very much." She smiles, and takes the little pouch, handing it back when she is done with it.. SHe works diligently for a few minutes, and then produces a few little bombs with fuse sticking out, "The fuse is a bit long, but it can be cut. SHouldn't blow up too much, but I wouldn't let it go off in your hand." She hands the little globes down.

> (OOC) Sookie idly kills troggs while we prepare for bombin'

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "So while Saeren sneaks up, smoke-bombs the tunnel entrance, and takes advantage of the confusion, where will the rest of you be? Coming in close behind to support her if she calls for an attack?"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Something like that. I'm assuming at least Eecee will keep well enough back to avoid too much suspicion."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Plus it gives them a nive anvil to run back too, if needed."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Rogue, go pulls those mobs to the tank."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "doin backup, yes"

> (OOC) Saeren has reconnected.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Darnit.. okay, back!"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Am I up, GM?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup. The next stage is for you to use the smoke bombs as you see fit. Just let me know what you plan to do."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm going to go in, light the bombs, throw them down and sneak a peak."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sounds good. Go ahead and pose the startup."

Saeren takes the bombs with a smile, "Nerai, you spoil me." The sentinel vanishes into a shadow a moment later and is on her way. She knows that a torch lies ahead, just waiting for her to put it to good use. When she draws close, she heads towards the light, bombs ready to light.

> (OOC) Saeren does just that. Also, sorry for taking so long.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Life happens, can't be helped. So are you posing the actual chucking of the bomb, or should I just roll it into the opening response pose?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Go for the pose, GM. I'm going to throw them both, then charge in, arrows drawn. If they aren't good guys, I'm shooting two and running."

A great cloud of smoke billows into the hallway, provoking a dismayed shout, and a responding order: "Watch the cloud, and be ready to fire!" As Saeren slips round the corner in a crouch, avoiding the light behind her, she provokes no further reaction.

Before her, through the smoke, Saeren can dimly see the layout of the ambush. A number of crates, overturned tents, and natural outcroppings serve as cover for peering pairs of dwarven eyes.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Eyes.. I can shoot those n.n"

Suddenly, one of them stands up and opens fire, the **crack** of his rifle loud in the corridor. He darts for cover almost immediately, but not before Saeren gets a good look at his livery. Dark Irons.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Alrighty, do I have time to shoot and withdraw? :P"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup. You're at -4 due to the smoke; the enemy is between 10 and 20 yards away, and you're effectively shooting at the equivalent of -9 at any target still in cover. (No additional penalty for the one who lost his nerve.)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Okay, sounds good. I'm going to blow away the guy who shot at me, if possible :D"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'd like to roll, then pose, okay? :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Sure. (btw, your typical range penalty is -4)"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I also plan to use auto fire.. basically I'm going to machine gun."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "So that puts me at 27-13, or 14 effective skill."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Two arrows at the guy who shot at me."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Do eet."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 6 (4 1 1) vs. 14, succeeding by 8

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d6 for 16 (4 6 6) vs. 14, failing by 2

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Nuts n.n"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Any DR?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "He's got DR 6."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "My weapon has divisor 2, so that's 3?"

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d4+4 for 7 (1 2 4) vs. 3, failing by 4

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yup."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "oops. sorry."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 2d4+4 for 10 (3 3 4) damage vs. DR 3 results in 7 HP of injury.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "And an additional +2 fire."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK. Since you chose attack, not move and attack, we get this."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I hope I don't die n.n"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "By the way, why -13? I counted -4 for smoke and -4 for range."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Ah, I thought you meant -9 PLUS -4 for range :)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "OK, so your actual penalty is -8. It would've been an additional -9 if you'd tried to shoot anyone's eyes. So roll damage again."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 4d+8 for 17 (3 4 1 1 8) damage vs. DR 3 results in 14 HP of injury.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "And +4 fire, as well."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "As far as I can tell, the DR 3 applies to both shots, but that's still 15 HP. Which is enough to bring him down."

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 10 (2 2 6) vs. 12, succeeding by 2

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 12 (3 6 3) vs. 12, succeeding by 0

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 14 (2 6 6) vs. 12, failing by 2

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 18 (6 6 6) vs. 12, failing by 6

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 11 (5 3 3) vs. 12, succeeding by 1

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 13 (5 4 4) vs. 12, failing by 1

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 16 (6 4 6) vs. 12, failing by 4

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Ah yeah, sorry about that :)"

> (OOC) Saeren gets shot a bunch ^^;;;

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Three hits. Feel free to attempt to dodge. Also, one of them had their gun blow up in their face."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Okay, dodge is 9.."

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 13 (5 5 3) vs. 9, failing by 4

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 9 (2 1 6) vs. 9, succeeding by 0

> (OOC) Saeren rolls 3d for 11 (4 3 4) vs. 9, failing by 2

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Got past one, anyway.."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "My torso DR is 8"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "What's the roll for damage?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "dmg 3d on blah"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "'damage <whatever>'. 'help damage' for examples"

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 7d for 26 (4 3 6 5 1 2 5) damage vs. DR 8 results in 18 HP of injury.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Rifles are no joke."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Wow, that was one shot?"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I totally gotta get rid of my bow >.>"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Yes. Hmm... on retrospect, this probably should've been 5d for the tech level they're actually likely to have. So deduct 7 HP from that."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Yes, but then I get shot again >.>"

> (OOC) Saeren is basically gonna be dead here ^^;;

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "You'll be down, but not dead provided Kagarn can get to you."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Going to hope that Sookie and Nerai can bring down the thunder."

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 5d for 23 (6 4 5 2 6) damage vs. DR 8 results in 15 HP of injury.

> (OOC) Saeren is basically crushed. Good luck guys n.n

The dwarf who lost his nerve pays the price, crumpling with two arrows in him. However, Saeren's actions make her a target, and the rest of the dwarven riflemen spring up. The cavern echoes with the deafening reports - and although the smoke provides some protection, it is not enough. Saeren is struck by two heavy rifle balls and is tossed backward like a rag doll.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Kinda obvious they aren't friends now, huh? :P"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "So, umm, attack?"

Saeren experiences something normally reserved for her enemies: a sudden swirling of elemental power surrounding her, grappling her and moving her effortlessly through the air. Somewhere behind her in the smoke, Sookie is already retreating back to Kagarn's position, and she's taking the wounded sentinel with her at high speed.

Nerai , for her part, moves Eecee up to interpose between the riflemen and the relativley softer targets behind her, and looks back a bit, "Push or hold?"

> (OOC) TidesGM rolls 3d6 for 13 (5 4 4) vs. 17, succeeding by 4

Kagarn lays his great hands upon Saeren's body. The power of the spirits wraps around her, restoring some of her vitality, but not her consciousness. "You're the general," Kagarn says. "But I say fall back. Saeren will not fight further today."

"I promise I not say, but you very stupid anyway," Sookie whispers, staring at the fallen elf. She glances over at Kagarn. "Goshi, I kill all. Give order."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Go get them, Sookie!!"

Kagarn looks down at Saeren's still-bleeding form, then at Sookie. "Can you do that without dying?"

Nerai turns back, "Yeah, but then what? Come back later?" She looks down at Sookie, then at the smoke.

"Not care," the girl answers coldly. "Give order. They not stop me."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Nerai + Sookie can probably crush them, I think. If I wasn't so silly I would have been fine ><"

Kagarn peers at Sookie for a long moment, then finally nods. Back down the tunnel, the sounds of bolts being drawn back can be heard, along with one voice cursing in accented Dwarvish.

The first sign that this was probably a bad idea comes when the crates that the Dark Irons are using for cover move of their own accord - sliding one by one away from the main tunnel, almost like they're clearing a path. But for what?

The answer turns out to be a pair of massive stalactites, broken noisily from the stone tunnels and hurled with great force. But Sookie isn't done with these - the rocks don't stay where they fall. They move, and circle, and bash, driven by a mindless violence that cares not where they go, only that they very thoroughly smash anything that might be in the general area.

Interspersed between the crash of rock against rock (or flesh), bolts of lightning emerge from the smoke. Only sometimes will they hit a target, but only once do they need to.

Frantic dwarvish screams echo through the corridor, frequently cut off with a gurgle as an unguided boulder or an errant lightning bolt periodically finds its mark. There is only one coherent word to be heard: "Retreat!" Then a few more screams from dwarves who failed to retreat fast enough; and after that, a long silence punctuated only by the stalactites smashing against the walls or lightning sizzling the air, and a smell of scorched flesh.

"No retreat!" screams Sookie. She comes out of the smoke, raising her hands. The stalactites obey her command, and she simply throws them down the tunnel, confident that mass will suffice to hit where accuracy does not exist.

Of the three dwarves running for the tunnel mouth at the opposite end, only one bothers to turn and level his rifle. This is the last mistake he ever makes, as a ton of limestone brings his life to an abrupt end, followed by at least one of his companions. The other throws down his rifle and runs pell-mell for the exit; Sookie thinks she feels a bit of resistance from the second stalactite that she sent after him, but she's not certain.

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Note to self: holy @#%ing shit o.o"

The survivor doesn't make it far. His short legs are quickly pinwheeling on empty air rather than solid stone. Sookie walks forward, methodically snapping his limbs with her power and then begins to strangulate him.

"End him quickly, _please_," says Kagarn, emerging from the corridor, staying close to Eecee's bulk out of an abundance of caution.

Sookie shrugs a bit, looking over her shoulder and glowering. The stalactite rights itself; the dwarf is quickly and efficiently impaled upon its length; and the stone topples over, taking the body with it. "Fine," she mutters.

"Thank you," says Kagarn, looking around at the tattered remains of the Dark Iron ambush. Broken and burned bodies are strewn about, one of them smeared against a wall; the contents of crates are scattered and smashed, sherds of pottery mixed in with the twisted remains of spare rifles. "I... am impressed, Sookie," Kagarn says, controlling his voice with effort.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Did any of their rifles make it?"

Nerai looks at Kagarn, "That's certainly one word for it." She looks over at the limp body of the night elf, "We should probably get Saeren to saftey, however." She moves Eecee over to the elf, moving to pick her up.

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Some of them. Rifles don't scream when you near-miss, so Sookie wouldn't have targeted them."

Sookie sniffles. "I good at killing, goshi. You good at fixing, right?"

Kagarn strokes his horn. "I do my best," he says. "Saeren will be all right. It will take her some time to recover, that is all." He manages a smile. "You are good at more than just killing, Sookie. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have been able to reach her."

Sookie nods. "You fix, goshi. You look away, not like what I do next. Okay?"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I'm not sure where this is going."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "Is she commenting on what he already said?"

Kagarn shakes his head. "There are a number of things I don't 'like' in this world, Sookie. Killing is one of them. But I acknowledge its necessity." Nevertheless, he turns his back, as requested.

While Kagarn works, there comes noises of tearing and ripping and cracking - of flesh and bone being sundered from dead or dying dwarves and put to new use. And when the tunnel is next visited by the Dark Iron dwarves, they will see the message Sookie left behind, written in the blood of their compatriots: "Beware Ironforge".

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Unconcious, Saeren sheds a little tear of joy."

Once finished, Sookie looks for Nerai, for the next order of business: "Na, Nerai. Your armor stand up to dwarf weapon?"

Nerai looks down at Sookie, "Erf, well, looking at how it ripped through what Saeren was wearing. Not yet." She has a twinkle in her eye, however.

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Hrm. dog."

> (OOC) Saeren says, "I'm so proud of her ^^"

> (OOC) Saeren says, "Someday, after we all turn evil, I dream of the day that Sookie will kill me, take over the Empire, and bring darkness to the world for 1000 years."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "sometimes exacting accuracy and bow-work isn't right, and you just need to spam lightning"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "And sometimes you just need better cover than a smoke cloud. Or a heavily armored tank to hide behind."

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "(and yes, if you're going to go up against guys with 5d weapons we probably need Nerai to buy more DR for Eecee.)"

> (OOC) TidesGM says, "I think we should probably close here for today. Anyone have any closing poses?"

> (OOC) Sookie is ok

> (OOC) Nerai is good.

Kagarn makes sure that Saeren is safely braced in Eecee's arms. "Perhaps 'yet' should come very soon, Nerai. This is not the last time we will face weapons such as these." So saying, he guides the party out of the tunnels, leaving the ambush-turned-abattoir behind without a second glance.

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Nerai - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: XP - Saeren - 2

> (OOC) TidesGM notes: Xp - Sookie - 2

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2011-03-27" stopped by TidesGM at Sun Mar 27 21:32:06 2011 CDT (OOC)