The cave serves well as a temporary refuge against the qiraji. Kagarn spends the next several hours carefully picking the insect eggs from Valstann's flesh. As he works, he passes the time with conversation. "I must confess - I had hoped that I might be able to resurrect the young Staghelm here, in Silithus. But that will prove impossible. The spirits of life are weak here - they respond but weakly to my calls. I have never seen such desolation."

"What you call life, perhapss," observes Ezra, from his post as watcher at the cave entrance. "The ssilithid seem quite sstrong, yes."

Nerai carefully parks Eecee into one corner of the cave, and dismounts, tending to Eecee's needs such as topping of the fuel, looking over any minor damange that will need to be replaced. She listens to the conversation. "I wonder if this is an echo the naga plan on...."

"It's probably due to the Qiraji slaughtering everything," says Saeren. "They don't need any help destroying life."

"'Strong' is a relative term, Ezra Pyreborn," Kagarn remarks. "The silithid thrive where little else would, but they do so only by hungrily consuming what energy there is to be had. And yes, their qiraji masters seem bent on exacerbating the siutation." He nods to Nerai. "Why do you think we fight so hard against the naga, if not to prevent another desolation of this sort?"

"Kagarn, the only way I know to turn is to the east, where our armies fled" says Saeren. "If you need life, that is our path. But it is a most unfortunate set of circumstances."

Nerai shrugs, "It could be worse... we could not have come at all."

"We suspected all along that Un'goro would have to be our destination," Kagarn says. "And even from this many miles away, I can feel the faint echoes of wild living spirits call to me from the east. But... to what unfortunate circumstances do you refer?"

"One army running, one chasing," says Saeren. "That is where the allies have fled after the battle that led to this whole situation. It makes our path extremely dangerous."

"I trusst we will move with more, eh, celerity than a fully-provisioned army, yes," Ezra remarks.

Nerai looks at Eecee, and starts to pull some scrap out of her apron, seeming donned as soon as she can, "We can only hope, of course." She smiles.

"In that case," Kagarn says, "we must move as soon as we are fit to travel." He pulls out another egg. "Which includes the unfortunate fifth member of our band."

Ezra sniffs. "You won't hear any complaintss from him, at leasst."

Nerai nods, "As macabre as it seems, it might be best to... hold him up in Eecee as we march..."

"Yes, we must move, and move swiftly," says Saeren, though she shows no signs of going anywhere just yet. "They aren't stupid. They will leave rear guards and scouts in a wide net..." She frowns thoughtfully, "I don't have a way to lead them away on a merry chase. I wonder if we might sneak someone through carrying him with the use of the arcane?"

Ezra takes a few moments, explaining some options to Saeren. Flight, teleportation, invisibility, slow travel underground, and more are all on the menu of the discriminating spellcaster, but few of these can be prolonged forever.

"This is a war zone, as Saeren notes," adds Kagarn. "It is hazardous enough for us here, all together. If we have to split up for any length of time, the danger increases markedly."

"I can make it out there," says Saeren, "But I can't think of any useful thing I could do for us alone and no one else has much experience here even if there was something I could do. So we should stay together, as you suggest, Kagarn."

"If magic cannot suffice for us, how about technology?" Kagarn asks, turning to the goblin tinker.

Nerai thinks about this for a moment. "One problem with that," she says. "I need parts. I don't exactly see a fully stocked machine shop in here, do you?"

"How much do you truly need?" Ezra asks concernedly.

This time, Nerai is silent for rather longer, the only sound being the rattle of her wrench on Eecee's frame. "Well, we only need to make one trip, but we have to get everyone down there. Including Eecee here." She pats the side of her steam armor. "Easiest way is probably some kind of hot air balloon. Eecee's engine can make all the hot air we need. All we need is a few bits of wood to make a basket... and a _lot_ of cloth."

"How about hide?" asks Saeren. "There are probably some bits in this bug that we could use."

"The village itsself is the mosst logical place for ssuch materials," concludes Ezra after a moment. "The qiraji sseem not to care for ssuch things."

"That's a valid point," says Saeren. "They might wreck a lot of things, but I bet we can salvage some of it. There are probably some bugs left there, but if I'm sneaky maybe we won't have to fight?"

Kagarn rubs his chin. "They will probably have sent a looting party. But from what I recall in the Third War, armies in the field have little time to loot more than small valuables. A village of the size you described, Saeren, would surely have a chandler."

"I think this is the best move we can make," Saeren says.

Nerai appears to be doing computations in her head. "To make a balloon big enough to carry all of us, I'd say we need... oh, about half a ton of cloth. Maybe a bit more."

A few minutes' conversation is sufficient to provide more assertions: that Saeren is better qualified than anyone to quietly loot the village; that the actual work and subsequent launch is best done somewhere away from detection; and that the party is capable of moving quickly from one to the other via teleportation. Kagarn, then, will handle Valstann; Nerai will be engaged in building a balloon; Saeren will extract cloth and other supplies; and Ezra will bring them to Nerai's hiding spot.

Kagarn says, "I am fairly certain now that I have found all the eggs. Give me another hour to be entirely certain, and we can move."

Saeren nods to Kagarn, looking out over the desert. "One more time into the fire. These sands are unforgiving, but perhaps we can squeeze from the grains an ounce of redemption."