Confident in the ability of his minions to prevent unwanted visitors, Je'neu leads the way through the damp caverns of Blackfathom Deeps. His bare feet splash lightly against the wet stone, though his footfalls are more than drowned out by the clanking of Eecee.

The storm-washed tunnels twist this way and that, branching and turning, but Je'neu seems to know the way - better than the naga did, as he is able to lead them past many of the patrols, and the handful they do stumble upon are dispatched quickly and with little fuss. Eventually, though, he stops at a particular junction.

"We gotta split up here," declares the troll shaman. "Dere ritual require t'ree sacrifices, an' we need ta stop all o' em, or if we're too late to stop 'em, at least spoil dere ritual. I go dis way, you folks go dat way. We come togeder at de temple in de center, where de main ritual is gonna be."

Without any further word, or waiting for a response, Je'neu heads off along the left-hand passage. Time is of the essence, and he will spare none to argue.

"Good luck." Saeren looks to the others for a moment. With a shrug she heads the other direction.

By the light of the alchemical rod Kagarn bears, the adventurers move quickly through the tunnels. Eventually, they come to another fork in the tunnel, but this one is different.

On the left-hand branch, a wooden wall bars the way. The lumber looks fresh, as if recently cut, and it is bound with iron bars that have been driven into deep holes drilled into the rock.

The right-hand branch is not barred, but there is a flicker of torchlight, and sounds of movement - though when the party stops to listen, the other sounds also cease.

"Well, unless we want to make a lot of noise the path is pretty clear." It's not like the night elf can sneak past while the wooden wall isn't looking. "Wait here a moment, I'm going to see if I can hear anything." She may not be able to see without the light, but she can move with care and see what her ears can tell her. Before she goes much farther, though, she will closely examine the wooden wall for any cracks or seams that might reveal what lies beyond.

The wall, despite its recent construction, seems quite solidly built. There are no crevices through which Saeren can see anything - although it could simply be that there is no light beyond the door. Even the keyhole in the lock reveals nothing.

However, her keen elven hearing does hear more detail from the open passage, now that Eecee's noise has been reduced to standby. Something - at least a couple somethings, from the sound of it - are trying not to be heard.

Nerai ponders, as quietly as she can to the group, "I wonder.... friend or foe. Could something else be coming down the passage?"

Kagarn's whisper rumbles softly. "The Twilight's Hammer, the naga and murlocs... we have no shortage of foes in these caves. Someone must stand watch while we deal with this door, which was surely erected by our foes for some purpose."

"Should've brought a rogue," mumbles Nerai. She walks Eecee to the door and leans out of the cockpit, using some bits of bent metal to fiddle with the lock while the others keep watch. Eventually, she is successful - but as the lock clicks open, she hears the chilling gurgle of a murloc, and a spear comes sailing out of the darkness...

Ezra is ready. As the murlocs appear, his prepared Frost Nova spell streaks out to strike the ground. Jagged fangs of ice jut up from the cavern. The murlocs, expecting enemies, are able to avoid immediate impalement - but the sudden aura of cold also saps their strength.

Despite the eldritch assault, both murlocs are still in good enough shape to return the assault. Two wooden shafts are let fly and pierce Saeren's armor, wounding her gravely.

With the two spears that impale into Saeren, Nerai hardly needs to think about what she's doing. She runs to the Murlocs, swinging the Flail around, and gashing it into one of them. The ball colides with the poor dazed Murloc's head, smashing into the creature's skull, who then falls lifeless onto the floor.

This is not the end of them, though. Another murloc emerges from the darkness, flinging a spear that thuds into the Forsaken arcanist - and two more naga emerge: a lithe, lean female in chainmail wielding a slender blade, and the lurking form of an overgrown male, armed in like manner to the myrmidons the adventurers have already slain.

Saeren sees foes appearing in a long line. The nearest target, the naga in chainmail draws all three of her shots, but none of them find the mark. Only the last so much as strikes her armor.

Grimacing at the wounds Saeren has received, Kagarn Stormhoof lays a three-fingered hand on her shoulder and murmurs a prayer. The spirits respond vigorously, and the gashes heal as if they had never been.

A final murloc emerges from the darkness and flings a spear as well, which sails past Saeren by such a wide margin she isn't even sure if it was aimed at her.

The wounded wizard's effectiveness is somewhat more, although not complete - his powerful fire magic is still mitigated by the nimble and efficient naga. But it is enough to jar her senses for a few moments.

Still suffering from the effects of Ezra's spell, the surviving lead murloc draws its trident and swings it at Eecee. The blow is ineffectual, though, only barely glancing off the machine's thick hull.

Nerai swings her long sword across her body, slashing the blade deep into it's face. It falls below Eecee's clawed foot as Nerai moves the machine to take it's place, smashing the Murloc into the ground as the Flail, flying with the increased force of her move, smashes across Murloc's thigh, taking a considerable chunk with it.

Eecee is quickly surrounded by murlocs, as the second runs around behind Nerai and stabs ineffectually at her, distracting her for a crucial moment, while the enormous naga behind her swings his deadly axe. Fortunately, where battle skills fail, craftsmanship succeeds, and Eecee's armor barely turns the blow.

Again the night elf archer begins her attack focused on the naga. The first shot misses once again, but the second strikes true. Knowing the measure of her foe, Saeren uses the third on a murloc, which she nearly destroys. But nearly is not good enough.

Still wishing to save his strength for the final confrontation, Kagarn lowers his head and charges into battle, swinging his staff at the murloc that is attacking Eecee. Unfortunately for him, his pursuits into the mysteries of the elements have left him ill equipped for hand-to-hand combat, and his staff swings wide of the mark.

As Eecee turns to deal with the naga behind her, one of the other murlocs attempts to get around the war machine. Its swings with the trident do little against Nerai's pride and joy, but they do help fend off any counterattacks.

Changing tactics, Ezra falls back on his tried and true _coup de grace_ - the Arcane Missile. The purple bolts leave his outstretched hand, darting in two directions. The first to finish off the female naga who has proven so elusive previously, the second to inflict some injury on the burly male who is still lurking at the back of the battle.

Nerai turns her battle suit to see Kagarn charging up to the Murloc that got behind her. Nice thought, but it turns ineffectual, and Nerai's wheeling to hit the Murlocs throws Eecee of balance, the throws of both weapons extending far to each side of their intended targets.

Gravely wounded, the naga female has one last role to play. Slithering brokenly toward Kagarn, her blade lashes out and scores a gash along his broad arm. Having drawn blood, the naga's sword falters, then falls as the creature collapses for the last time.

Undaunted, the murlocs fight on, still unable to do any damage to the steam armor, but keeping it occupied as best they can so that their larger ally will have the opening he needs.

This time, Saeren lives up to her dead shot name. The rage of missing clearly improves her concentration. The first two arrows slam nastily into the great naga warrior, shredding flesh and searing him with magical flame. The third arrow finishes off the murloc that Saeren had worked on previously, leaving it in a steaming heap at Kagarn's feet.

Not to be outdone, Kagarn wades past the still-twitching murloc and brings his staff to bear on the surviving fishman. This time, his aim is true, the wood slamming into the creature's temple hard enough to rattle its brains. The thing staggers, clinging to life by a bare thread.

The giant naga no longer has the benefit of his ally to distract Eecee; but despite that disadvantage, his greataxe still manages to take a chunk out of the steam armor. Meanwhile, his ally, seeing a softer target, spears Kagarn neatly with its trident.

Mindful of his own arcane resources, Ezra emulates Kagarn's example. Still, even a lesser firebolt is sufficient to finish off the creature, and the mage gives a brief satisfied grunt.

Nerai swings her flail back as she sees the giant Naga drop, swinging the chained ball around, and smashing it into the remaining foe, draining it of life. And quite a bit else...

Nerai looks at the fallen foes, and walks back over to the door. "It should be open now... we should hurry...." She looks at the others, piloting Eecee to the doors...

Ezra disdainfully removes the spear lodged in his abdomen, and nods in agreement. "Very well. Lead the way, yess."

Saeren, very much relieved to still be alive, nods her agreement. "One way is as good-or bad-as any other at this point."

Beyond the door is another cavern, filled with the sound of rushing water... and, as they become aware, murloc voices chanting "Dagun! Dagun! Dagun! Dagun!" Over the sound of that, they hear another voice, this one apparently human, intoning something in harsh, guttural syllables that make Ezra's hands tingle.

As they peer around the corner, they can see a ritual in progress. On the far side of the cavern, two burning braziers fill the entire room with a flickering orange light. The braziers flank a makeshift altar, on which there is a bound and gagged night elf, apparently unconscious; standing over the altar is a human with the robes of the Twilight's Hammer, a miniature flaming demon by his side.

Between the altar and the party is an underground river. And in the river, they see the murlocs. So intent are the enemy on their ritual that the party's presence goes unnoticed... for now.

Ezra explodes into a storm of sand that hurtles its way across the dim cavern, making a beeline for the murloc celebrants. He descends on one, and the creature's chanting becomes a pained gurgle mid-syllable.

"Hm, change of pace." Saeren obviously has no issue killing a human, however. Three shots, three hits. Blood and flame are at the altar, but the sacrifice isn't quite what was intended as the human hits the floor of the cave.

Nerai pilots Eecee up to the lake, and plinks out with one of her crossbow bolts, plinking at the closest Murloc. The arrow manages to catch him in the arm.

Taking in the situation, Kagarn attempts to cross the river. Again, though, his focus on scholarly pursuits fails him, and he falls short of the far side and lands in the swiftly moving water.

The imp squeals as its master falls, "Free! Free to destroy!" And it leaps up onto the altar beside the night elf and hurls a blazing ball at the swirling sand cloud, the fire making a crackling sound as it singes Ezra's substance.

Meanwhile, one of the murlocs swims swiftly to shore. It gargles in Nerglish, "Die, infidels!", and hurls a spear which lodges itself in Saeren's gut.

In return, the sand wave rushes toward the imp, sweeping past the surprised murlocs. It engulfs the demon and begins battering it with dust.

Confident in its element, a murloc swims up to the flailing shaman and swings a trident at him. Kagarn is lucky - the three-tined spear glances off his armor.

Saeren turns her attention to the annoying imp. Her aim is not so true this time, even if the target is pretty obvious. Still, one shot strikes home, wounding the creature, but not killing it. "Dammit."

Nerai sees the Murloc attempting to claw his way up onto the cliff. Nerai, feeling more in **her** element, swings the flail at the watery creature. The Murloc looks a bit the worse for wear, but not dead yet.

Kagarn, grumbling at his own hastiness, kicks backward away from the murloc. As the water clutches at his armor, he utters a prayer to its spirit... and the prayer is answered, the water buoying him up until his hooves rest lightly on its surface.

Not to be thwarted so easily, the murlocs give chase against Kagarn, their tridents splashing in the water as one manages to catch him on the thigh.

Choking on the dust, the imp sputters angrily, then clutches at its eyes as Ezra's sand catches in them. The little demon blindly stumbles out of the cloud, rubbing at its eyes to clear them.

Meanwhile, the murloc at the water's edge tries to fight back against Eecee, but even with a good swing, the best it can do is clang against the steel armor.

In the wake of the imp's failure, Ezra's dust cloud reforms into the mage himself. Standing before the altar, he readies himself to attack or defend against whatever else may come his way.

The murlocs quickly demonstrate how deadly they can be in their own element. One of them dives beneath the surface of the river, then emerges on the far side, where Kagarn least expects it, and drives its trident deep into his flank.

Saeren ignores the imp for the moment, moving on to deal with the murlocs that warm around the foolish tauren. Her shot into the waters strikes true, but it barely does more than scratch the itch of the murloc it hits.

Nerai pulls back the string on the not-oft used crossbow mounted on Eecee's shoulder. Her sighting of the shot is unusually true, and pegs the Imp square in the neck, whereby the creature burns up in a brief but vibrant flame, leaving naught but ash as evidence of it's existence.

Beset on all sides, Kagarn is desperate. He does the only thing he can do - swing his staff at the nearest murloc. He clocks it solidly, but it continues to fight...

And finally the murlocs bring Kagarn down, their tridents wounding him severely. He falls to the water, though the spirits still recall their blessing and bear him afloat.

Meanwhile, the murloc attacking Eecee manages to get a lucky blow in and score its armor.

With the imp out of the way, Ezra strides toward the edge of the cliff, hurling down magical destruction on the murlocs who took down Kagarn. "We musst hurry!" he calls.

Seeing the undead mage raining down destruction on its allies, one of the murlocs swims toward the beach and climbs up, leaving a trail of darkened water in its wake...

Saeren spots the threatening murloc and glares at it for a moment before she sends it to hell. The next shot puts another murloc at the brink of death, and the third goes wide. It's hard to miss the possibly dead Kagarn in the water. "Damn fool, I've enough people to avenge as it is!"

Nerai hears the all-too-familiar clink of a Murloc hitting the back of Eecee. She growls, and wheels Eecee around, swinging both the flail and the sward in one, deadly arc, the sword taking out the Murloc's waist as the flail bounces off of his shoulder. The fishy creature collapses.

The surviving murlocs are beset, but still fight on as hard as they can. One spear finds its mark on Ezra's shoulder... while the other lands square in the center of Saeren's chest. She gurgles, glaring with hatred at the murlocs, and then collapses.

Furious, Ezra spits out a string of syllables in Kalimag. His next firebolt burns hot, taking the life of the surviving standing murloc without hesitation.

Ezra vaults off the edge and splashes down, coming up beside the injured tauren. He carefully uncorks a healing potion - useless poison to him - and pours it slowly into the throat of the healer.

Nerai was honestly torn between stopping to down the last Murloc. She decides, however, that it's what Saeren would have wanted, and pumps an bolt into the beast. As soon as the bolt knocked the Murloc out, Nerai jumps out of the cockpit, and runs over to Saeren, pushing the potion she carries to the night elf's lips, and tipping the contents into her.

As soon as Nerai administers the potion Saeren's eyes open and she gets up with a growl, throwing the weapon that nearly killed her aside. Someone has woken up on the wrong side of the bed. "Thank you Nerai," she grates out. Her temper if at a white hot level.

"You do not have the luxury of dying yet, elf," hisses a familiar voice. Ezra is dripping wet, but he's managed to attain dry land. "Now let us hurry."

Kagarn splashes out of the water, still groaning, and hauls the plank bridge from beside the altar for Eecee and Saeren to cross. "I have no idea what I thought I was doing," he grumbles, turning his eyes to the others beseechingly. "Please do not tell Je'neu of this, I beg of you..."

"Not tell me what?" pipes a familiar troll voice from the far side of the cave. There is a night elf with an arm draped over Je'neu's shoulder; she looks bedraggled and barely conscious. "Well, at least you stopped dis one. Dat's de important fing."

Ezra gestures at the fallen cultist. "One down, yess. Another life ssaved. And somewhere, there is a smile waiting for me." He eyes Saeren and Kagarn. "Perhapss....." Whatever else he might have said goes unspoken.

Nerai looks over to Je'neu. "At least it's stopped for now..." She comments, looks over her companions. "I think perhaps we need a bit of a rest.." She says.

Saeren glares at the tauren and sighs. "This is not some stroll in a cave. Whatever you have done in the past, you are in a war now. Your mistakes do not just put your life on the line, but the fate of every living being. Remember that, and consider today a most merciful lesson."

Kagarn kneels beside Saeren, laying a hand on her shoulder. "I know all too well. I fear I have had far too little experience on the field of battle." He shakes his head. "Je'neu, how fare you? I grow weary, and the voices of the spirits grow faint."

The troll shakes his head. "I been tryin' to conserve me strength too, but you not be much good to us if you be dead." The troll's hand clasps on Kagarn's shoulder as Je'neu bestows his own blessing on the tauren.

Saeren sets her hand over Kagarn's. "You have done well by me so far, my friend. I do not apologize for hard words, however. I will do what is necessary to keep you from putting yourself in a bad spot." She looks to the troll, "We have more work to do."

"Yah," says the troll, untying the second victim and laying his hands on her as well. The night elf stirs and blinks. "Whah..." "You be safe," says Je'neu reassuringly. The night elf sits up bolt upright, but relaxes when she sees the other standing beside him. "Laurana..." she murmurs. "You're all right?" Je'neu's companion nods.

The troll turns to the other, who is now swaying. "Yer friend sez it was just you two, right? You sure?" The second victim shakes her head. "They only captured the two of us. But I saw them dragging someone else into the cave. Never seen anything like her before."

"Well, what did she look like?" asks Je'neu. "Tall as an elf, but with pale blue skin. Didn't look like a troll either. I... I think she had hooves?"

"Perhaps a degenerate eredar, a type of demon," muses Ezra. "We will know the truth soon, yess.."

Je'neu looks puzzled. "A demon? But de ritual requires de victims to be pure of heart," he says, to mild embarrassment on the part of the two rescued night elves. "Can de demons degenerate to de point o' not bein evil? Man, dat I'd like to see..." He shakes his head. "You ladies stay to de back, okay? It be too dangerous for you to go back alone." To the rest of the party: "Come on, friends. We not have much time."

"Pure of heart, eh? Rules me out," says Saeren. She looks to the next challenge already. "Let's continue the hunt."