The Wheelbrace clan, knowing that two of their passengers are under threat of assassination, are taking no chances. They are taking no paying passengers for this voyage apart from Kagarn, Nerai, and their companions; their profit margin will be made up for by additional cargo, which itself will be thoroughly screened.

In addition, they are supplying security of their own; the adventurers may be motivated to save their own skin, but in the goblins' eyes they aren't motivated enough to save the zeppelin and cargo as well. Thus, in addition to the pilot-mechanic, Gribniz, there will be two guards, Whizzle and Nuzak. They seem shifty to Kagarn, but as the tauren shaman acknowledges, all goblins seem shifty to him, no offense meant to Nerai.

Gribniz gives the travelers a tour of the vessel while the Wheelbrace merchants are lugging cargo aboard in steam-loaders. "I'm gonna be in charge of pilotin' this scrap heap. Whizzle's gonna be standing guard outside the pilot deck upstairs, and Nuzak's gonna be watchin' the door to the engine room. Youse guys can set yourself up however you like. We got bunks on the top deck if youse wanna take a rest. Gonna be about two days' journey to Splintertree."

Nerai looks at Gribniz. "When's the last time you looked the Engine over for sabotage? That's what did the last flight in..." She asks, innocently. Without a forge to work at, she has little else to keep her occupied, and Nerai will try and stay away from the Tauren. She would prefer not to have to answer for her family's shady dealings. At least for now.

Gribniz says, "I checked it myself just this morning, but you're welcome to have a look yerself. If yer sure yer qualified. I'll watch over your shoulder if ya don't mind."

Nerai crawls around the engine, poking and prodding, but today she seems to be all thumbs, and she accidentally manages to unscrew one of the valves. "Great gears, girl, what's wrong with you?" grumbles Gribniz as he fastens it back on. "One'd think you were tryin' ta sabotage the thing yerself!" He grunts and shakes his head. "Never mind. You obviously know what you _want_ ta be doin', I guess. I just hope ya do better if ya haveta actually _do_ something with this thing."

Nerai meeps and blushes as she's caught trying to basically take the thing apart. She nods to Gribniz, and runs back up deck for now, as quickly as she can without seeming too rude or embarrassed.

The launch is delayed for another half hour while Gribniz gives the engine one last once-over, with all concerned watching to make sure _he_ doesn't try anything; this time, Nerai is strictly instructed to _watch_. Once he's satisfied, he shoos everyone out of the engine room and locks the door behind him. "Okay, places everyone," he says as he strides down the cargo bay. "We're leavin' as soon as we get the okay from the ground."

Saeren is as sociable as ever. She surveys the ship carefully, making a note of every long shadow and suitable hiding place. She whispers to herself, "If I were trying to kill everyone, where would I be?"

Though the cargo was checked in advance, Saeren does a review of her own, and comes away satisfied. None of the man-sized (or goblin-sized) crates contain any such beings, nothing is ticking, whirring, or emitting noxious fumes, and the only thing that's at all interesting is a crate marked "Livestock" with some small airholes toward the forward end of the cargo bay.

She does find some loose floorboards near the starboard forward corner of the cargo bay. Nuzak notices her interest and looks bashful. "Yeah, we use that for gettin' _special_ cargos in and out. Here..." he says, walking over and opening the compartment, allowing her to verify that on _this_ voyage, at least, it is innocent of any contraband.

Ezra's raven isn't normally a talkative bird. But it can speak out loud, and it can still fly in enclosed spaces - like the underdecks of the zeppelin. Saeren, Kagarn and Nuzak see a peculiar sight. The bird swoops down the stairs, coming from where Ezra had posted himself earlier and alights on one of the crates.

Its wings flap as it settles in, digging its tiny claws around the horsehair cargo netting. And then it begins exhibiting its peculiar gifts in a surprising fashion. It starts squawking out a bawdy limerick concerning Warchief Thrall, Jaina Proudmoore, and just where and how comfortably a tauren totem can be fitted.

And while it recites its dirty ditty, a pile of sand falls from the cracks in the wooden deck from overhead - where one of the unused passenger cabins can be found. Moving of its own accord, the sand begins to worm its way through the equally navigable spaces in the walls that isolate the engine room from the rest of the ship.

Nuzak, of course, thinks the raven's performance is hilarious, guffawing and chortling and clapping. Kagarn is less amused, fingering his staff significantly as he glares at the bird. Neither of them notice the errant sand in the far corner, much less its peculiarly unnatural behavior.

Saeren, however, has just enough more familiarity with Ezra to know that his sense of humor doesn't usually run to that level of crudity, and, while the other two are distracted, looks up just in time to see the last few wisps of dust curl between the wallboards of the engine room.

Nerai watches Gribniz pilot; piloting vehicles being somewhat of a passion for her. She makes some small talk with Whizzle while they wait. "How long have you guys worked for Niimitz?" She looks, watching reactions as well as getting information.

"About five years fer me," says Gribniz. "Whizzle there signed on two years ago, an' Nuzak's been with us for a year." He turns a valve as he speaks, then hauls the great steering wheel into a new position, the gondola creaking as its rudder shifts.

Nerai seems satisfied by this, and continues with some idle conversation.

The voyage continues uneventfully for a few hours; Nerai sees nothing from the command deck except for a perfectly routine airship voyage, while downstairs there is calm from the night elf, tauren, and undead as is natural to them and bored restlessness as is natural to the goblin.

Finally, the tedium is broken when Nuzak's eyes go wide and he cries out, "Oh crap! That steam armor - it's moving!"

Kagarn immediately leaps to his feet, quarterstaff in hand, as he moves to confront the supposedly pilotless Eecee. Saeren, however, realizes that there is something amiss, and looks up in time to see Nuzak duck behind a crate.

Saeren hears the lie on the goblin's tongue and draws an arrow, knocking it and taking aim. "Watch out for the guards! Nuzak is lying!" she roars, outraged, already moving to get a clear shot.

It's hard to be certain, because Nuzak's body is almost entirely concealed behind the crate, but Saeren is pretty sure that his shadow on the wall has gone to his belt and pulled free a weapon.

There is a muffled goblin curse from behind the crates, as Nuzak realizes he was spotted. And a moment later, Saeren sees the crate marked LIVESTOCK move forward, and then crash to the ground, breaking open as it lands. From the wreckage slither just over a half dozen brightly colored snakes.

Saeren moves quickly away from the @$%# snakes on the zeppelin and moves up on a crate, getting a good view. She draws back her arrow, fires, and deals a mighty blow to far wall.

Nerai looks over at Whizzle. "I think I hear something downstairs..." She calls out, slightly distressed. But she is going to wait and see their reaction.

Gribniz growls. "Dammit. You two, go check it out," he says to Whizzle and Nerai. Whizzle salutes and dashes off toward the hold, pulling out a wooden truncheon as he goes.

Nerai runs along after Whizzle, nodding to Gribniz, "You yell if you need something..." She calls out as she takes off...

While Ezra's raven flaps off upstairs to warn Nerai - and swoops past her on the stairs, deciding instead to head to the cabin - the wizard himself storms through the cracks around the engine room's door in his stormy alternate shape. The burning winds decimate a few of the snakes outside, catching the Forsaken as much by surprise as the snakes.

Unfortunately for Nuzak, the surviving snakes don't particularly pay attention to Ezra - to them, he is just a deadly sandstorm, to be avoided. And although one of the snakes raises its head in Saeren's direction for a moment, Nuzak is closer. The hungry snakes slither onto the crates around Nuzak and snap at him; the nimble little goblin manages to avoid most of them, although one of them barely manages to get a nip at his calf.

Nuzak curses, but leaps from the crate, nimbly dodging around the snakes and choking on Ezra's dust. He reaches into his pocket, hurriedly pulls out a key, unlocks the door, and stumbles past Ezra's dust swarm into the engine room.

Kagarn has had time to realize that the business with the steam armor is just a ruse; he wheels to the sounds of fighting and rushes forward, quarterstaff at the ready.

Another shot is fired from the night elf's bow but once again she has missed, this time burying her arrow into the frame of the door behind the goblin. Saeren moves away cautiously, putting some more distance between her and the snakes.

There is a clatter from the aft end of the cargo hold as Whizzle comes running down the stairs, panting and huffing, just in time to see Nuzak darting into the engine room. "Nuzak, you son of a gnome! What are you doing?" he cries angrily, then looks down and yells. "Aaaah! Snakes! I hate snakes!"

Nerai runs after Whizzle, tearing down the stairs behind him. She almost runs into the other goblin he stops in the middle of the path. She ducks to the side, pulling out her Short Sword. "I guess you should have paid him more..." She comments, to noone in particular.

The swarming sandstorm roars through the doorway and coalesces once again into an angry-looking wizard. "You've doomed yourself now, worm," he hisses.

The snakes are on the move again, though there are now more potential food sources. Three of them swarm toward Kagarn, nipping and biting at him, with one of them finding purchase on his thick hide, though he shrugs it off. The fourth snaps at Nuzak again, but misses.

Nuzak rushes past Ezra, earning a bark on the shins with Ezra's cane for his trouble, and runs straight for the phologiston manifold. Pulling a wrench out of his pocket, the goblin jams it straight into the gears, which wedge solid, causing the machinery to being emitting an insistent whine.

Kagarn steps back, pulling out a wooden totem with red pictograms carved upon it. Chanting in Taur-ahe, he waves the totem at the snakes, and - "Watch it!" yells Whizzle as a wave of fire spreads out from Kagarn's hands, singeing the nearby crates and nearly catching Whizzle as they incinerate the nearest snakes.

Saeren growls at herself for not slitting the goblin's throat as soon as she was suspicious. "Getting soft." The arrow is released, and this time it finds its target, searing the goblin and tearing into his back. "Burn, little filth."

As Saeren deals with the traitorous goblin, Whizzle runs forward and swings his oddly shaped club at the one surviving snake. His blow is almost, but not quite, well-aimed enough.

Nerai runs past the various combattants, to end up behind Nuzak. "I can fix that, you know.." She says, smugly.

There's a bright light, bright enough to make Nerai's eyes flinch and water, and a crackling, spitting sound. Where the renegade goblin stood, there was a brief column of fire. Now there's just acrid smoke, what's left of a blackened corpse, and a tiny smoldering cinder that burns on the deck.

The Forsaken's black booted foot comes down on it hard. "Then please do so," he rasps at the tinker.

The remaining snake doesn't last long. It makes a snap at Whizzle, then manages to catch Kagarn as the tauren rushes in, and then expires as Kagarn crushes its head with a single blow from his staff.

"I can help! Just tell me what to do!" squeaks Whizzle as he rushes into the engine room after Nerai.

Nerai pushes the corpse of Nuzak out of the way as much as she needs to to survey the damage.

Nerai's quick eyes look through the engine. Luckily we get to it in time before he managed to penetrate the primary combustion chamber. She looks at Whizzle. "Can you look at the Phlogiston intake and make sure the respirator is functioning?" She grins, hanging him a smaller screwdriver from her bag. She pulls out the errant wrench, and realigns the main drive assembly, tightening a few bolts on the assembly before moving to check Whizzle's work. "Very nice." She nods.

The speaking tube above the engine comes to life. "What's going on down there?" demands Gribniz's voice.

Nerai walks over to the tube and speaks, "It looks like Nuzak decided to try and cause a little bit of panic, but everything seems fine now."

"You better pilot this scrap better than you select guards," adds Saeren flatly.

"That's enough out of you, elf," snarls Gribniz, half turning. "You're lucky that that little stunt didn't send the whole gondola a-swingin'. If I hadn't compensated up here, you'd be looking for the little paper bags by now." He turns to the speaker. "Nuzak, was it? Damn! Never woulda thought. He's worked so good these past three years. You wanna bring him up? I wanna have a word with him."

"The only way you'll 'bring him up' is with a priest," observes Ezra through the speaker.

Nerai says, "Maybe we should take him up on his offer. He's kinda starting to stink up the place. Speaking of which, we should probably get everyone out of here for the time being." She start to make motions to try and guide people back out of the room, searching Nuzak long enough to find the key, "SOmeone want to drag him?" she asks

"Oh? Kargon, or whatever yer name is down there. You got that kind of power?" The tauren steps forward, looking at the smoldering remains and shaking his head. "Kagarn here," he rumbles. "Regretfully, the goblin is beyond my power." Gribniz is somewhat peeved, but Saeren sees him shrug. "That's a shame. Ah well. Knowin' it was him'll be some help. Get things sorted out down there and the engine room locked up."

Gribniz thinks for a moment, then speaks again. "Whizzle? You better not get any ideas like Nuzak's, y'understand?" Whizzle laughs. "Fuhgeddaboutit. Even if I was gonna pull a stunt like that - which I'm _not_ - I sure as hells wouldn't do it after I saw what this zombie did ta _him_."

---

As the zeppelin cruises over the Warsong lumber camp, Kagarn sighs deeply. "Almost there," he says. "I was beginning to think I would never make it back. The Jointrusts have been... most determined." He turns to Ezra. "I am curious. What is your business in Splintertree, that it was worth so much of your time and effort?"

"We are warning the Alliance and the Horde of the threat of the murlocs, the naga, and their master - an Old God." Ezra doesn't mince words or hint.

The tauren looks puzzled. "Old Gods? What is this you speak of? I have never heard of such things. I am sure you could not possibly mean the Earth Mother or any of her children, but..."

"A power to rival the Burning Legion," Ezra says, glowing eyes now fixed on the tauren. "The power to corrupt and destroy men, creating footholds on the surface world while an army raises itself below the waves. We have seen these things. If you meet others who would benefit from this knowledge, you must tell them for us."

Kagarn's expression is grave. "I had been concerned with the depredations of the goblins... but that plight seems a small thing compared to the threat you describe. Have you any proof of this thing, that I could demonstrate to others?"

"We left the most compelling proof behind with the blue dragons of Winterspring. If you need know more, send messengers to the Warchief of Durotar and his trusted men. Or visit Tiragarde Keep and speak to the men there." Ezra smiles bleakly behind his bandages. "Soon, you will see more."

Kagarn rubs his chin and looks out the porthole, as the lumber camp passes by and gives way to forest once more. "I will speak of this to my fellows in the Earthen Ring," he says. "Perhaps my elders will know more about these Old Gods."

"If they wish to aid us, tell them to look for the oncoming storm. We will be at the eye of it."

Nerai looks at Ezra with surprise, having not heard a lot about this before. She begins to speak, but mearly catches Ezra's eye, and nods, assuming she will hear more about this later...