All good things, alas, come to an end. Though there are still far more caves to explore beneath Bael Modan, new orders have come from Orgrimmar. The mission to Bael Modan has been deemed a resounding success; the reports from the field agents have convinced all but the most die-hard zealots that the dwarves' mission is purely scientific. Though a small Horde garrison will be maintained to keep tabs, the rest of the expedition is to be recalled for other duties.

As the blood elves prepare to mount their hawkstriders outside the caverns, Kor'ness approaches Alea'sha with a sealed envelope. "These orders came for you and your two friends. It seems your exploits merited special attention in Orgrimmar."

Alea'sha accepts the envelope with pursed lips. She doesn't open them immediately, instead going to her.. friends to share the news. "I wonder where they will be sending us now," she murmurs to the wolf at her side.

The new orders are to travel to Ratchet, there to board a vessel to Tiragarde Keep, a human settlement nestled deep in orcish territory. A relic of the Daelin Proudmoore expedition, it has been a thorn in Orgrimmar's side for the past several years; the humans there have never accepted the peace between the humans and orcs, and have persistently sent raids against nearby Razor Hill.

In recent months, however, the attacks have temporarily ceased. Seeing this as a hopeful sign, Thrall and Proudmoore have been working together to prepare a joint diplomatic expedition to the Keep. If the Tiragardians are indeed tired of their feud with the orcs, this may be the best chance to forge a truce with them.

Alea'sha's group has been chosen, of course, partly for their successes at Bael Modan, but there are other reasons as well. Most notable, of course, are the fact that Alea'sha herself, being a high elf by race, may present a friendlier face to the humans of Tiragarde. Ezra Pyreborn, too, can bear a human face at need, and the Lady Sylvanas, it seems, wishes to test his artifact of disguise under adverse conditions; and as a mage of no small skill, he would prove an invaluable asset to the diplomatic mission should they need to leave in adverse circumstances. As for Zul'Houngan, well, the Tiragardians would hardly believe the Horde had sent an emissary if one of its members were not openly of the Horde. It will fall upon his broad shoulders to be the public face of the Horde's embassy to Tiragarde.

Ezra receives this news as well as can be expected - which is to say he ignores it, since he's concentrating on collating the information the group has learned from the excavation. He's working on a series of letters, ink and quill pen scribbling furiously, based on notes taken from the underground. He barely acknowledges the summons to Orgimmar.

Zul'Houngan ponders his new assignment. How great. He's to be the face of the Horde. No pressure. Oh well, at least this one is above ground.

"So there we are," says Alea'sha calmly. She guesses this means she won't be returning to her home for some time. "I wonder what surprises they will have waiting for us."

Zul'Houngan smiles at Alea. "Will be fun, non?" Zul is pretty excited, actually.

The Horde caravan rides north from Bael Modan once more - this time, roughly half of the group remaining at Crossroads while the other half (Alea'sha, Ezra, and Zul'Houngan included) continuing on toward Ratchet. According to Alea'sha's orders, there will be a few days in the goblin town before the ship to Tiragarde departs - plenty of time to make any necessary preparations.

The Forsaken wizard disappears almost as soon as the group reaches Ratchet. He has letters to dispatch, carefully sealed and written in a forgotten tongue. He has books to purchase, scrolls to locate. He negotiates with a one-eyed goblin and his human partner, hinting at knowledge of the thirty-eight words in trade for a tome bound in brass. He spends the better part of a day arguing at a shouting volume with an obstreperous arcanist near the harbor. And he is even seen walking toward a distant tower to the northwest of the city, reputedly the home of a cabal of mages said to 'study' demonology and the Burning Legion.

Zul'Houngan finds the shamans, and spends the day talkign with them about the local spirits, and what he might find here. He asks them if any of the ... more primitive tribes have shamanistic or other such rituals. He has a ritual to get introduces to one of the major spirits, to ensure they're help on his mission.

The local spirits of Ratchet proper are subdued, beaten down by the spiritually deaf goblins and their raucous technological constructs. However, there is a small tauren village a little further down the coast that is more in touch with the rhythms of the sea, and is more than happy to provide Zul'Houngan with the use of their sweat lodge.

Zul'Houngan lets the Tauren brew up a tea for Zul. After conversing with their spritual leaders, Zul takes a long draught of the tea, and steps into the hut. But, instead of the normal disapproving faces of his trolls and the vaguley uninterested Orc guide he gets to bother every once in a while, all he can see is shadow. The trees seem to be hiding his spirit, but wherever he looks, they won't reveal. THe shadows close in on him. Zul comes out of the hut in a cold sweat, and remains silent, alone, the rest of the day.

Alea'sha reacts to a full day in Ratchet to do with as she wills just like she would to any other city, which is to say at the first chance she leaves to live where she belongs, away from buildings and churning gears. She spends her time speaking only with those who go on four feet or whose roots churn the soil and getting once more attuned with the freedom of the wilds.

When Alea'sha sleeps in the savannah, there is one dream she remembers vaguely. In her dream, she is standing on a high cliff looking out over Ratchet to the east, and seeing the ocean beginning to rise from its bed. She begins to flee to the west, only to find the ocean rising up there, surging in a flood from the Wailing Caverns. She calls upon nature to protect her, and the ground begins to rise up beneath her, but the ocean flows after her, chasing, devouring... and then she wakes up.

Days have passed. Alea'sha's orders speak of meeting the Theramore ambassadors at Tiragarde, but the human captain of the _Maiden's Tears_ doesn't know too much about the details, and doesn't want to know. "Me job is to take ye ta Tiragarde, wait fer ye fer a day, an' then come back," he says. "I dunno nowt about who yer supposed ta meet when ye get there. Ye meet whoever ye meet. Dunno what ye two're thinkin takin' a troll ta Tiragarde, but it's not me business, not with the Lady payin' me."

Zul'Houngan blinks, "Er..." He begins, overhearing the captian, "What's wrong wif bein' a troll der?" He asks, looking at the Human. He's not threatening the man, but is genuinly concerned.

"You do know where we are going, don't you?" asks Alea'sha. "They aren't very friendly to the Horde there."

Zul'Houngan shakes head, "In da tribe he didn't get out much." He shrugs.

"Yes, yes.. nothing wrong with trolls," says the third member of the trip. He is a bald male human, pale, with blue eyes and a quirky smile, dressed in black silks spun from Undermine's spiders' nests. A few days ago he was a rotting, bandaged corpse. Now is he is Ezra L. Pyreborn, a man just like any other. "But Tiragarde does not agree.."

The captain snorts. "That's right. Those boys're loyal to ol' Admiral Daelin, they are. They still think they's at war with the orcs an' the trolls, an' the goblins too f'r that matter. Leastways, that's how it used ta be. I heard tell they ain't bothered raidin much lately." The captain shrugs. Politics isn't any more important to him than it used to be for Zul'Houngan. "Anyway, ye best come aboard, ye three. I'm ta take ye ta Tiragarde an' bring ya back. Not me business if I have ta bring ya back in a box, long's I don't do it."

Zul'Houngan is going to wander aboard, shrugging. It's not like he was under any illusion that humans LIKED him...

The voyage is not a long one, and it is seldom far out of sight of the coast. The one exception is at the halfway point. "Zanzil Isle," the captain explains. "Been havin' real trouble with _them_ trolls," he says, eyeing Zul'Houngan with a soupcon of suspicion. "Hear tell if one of _them_ gets you, they turn ya into a zombie. Some kinda dark voooo-dooo."

"They are welcome to try," chuckles Ezra.

Zul'Houngan ponders montioning that Zombies are sometimes not bad people, but decides to simply stay quiet and nod.

"Easy fer _you_ to say, magic boy," says the captain darkly. "Though I won't deny I'm glad to have yer like aboard. It'd do me heart good to see them trolls burn, it would." Either the captain is being ironic to an astonishing degree, or the Veil of Vitality is so far proving quite an effective disguise.

"Yes, to see them burn," murmurs Alea'sha softly. "But you will find that those kind of fires spread, until everyone is consumed. If we cannot grow past this, we will all be burned.." She pauses a moment, saying more quietly, "Or be swept away."

The captain is unimpressed. "If ye think ye can get a war troll ta spare ya by givin' him a big warm hug, ye're welcome ta try, lassie." He shakes his head. "Anyway, much safer ta steer clear fer now. Ain't got the men ta make proper war on 'em any road."

---

Tiragarde Keep is a squat-looking castle on a desolate strand of beach. Tucked beneath a rocky cliff face, it is unapproachable from the south, and it bristles with cannon atop its roof, making it a formidable foe from the sea. A single jetty protrudes into the ocean, though the captain points out that Tiragarde lacks adequate harborage for a vessel of his size. Instead, he casts off the Horde diplomatic mission into a smaller gig, which one of his mates rows in to shore.

Waiting on the docks is a human, handsome by human standards, wearing a richly tailored scarf around his neck. He wears the livery of Kul Tiras, as do the two well-armored guards behind him. "Greetings. You must be the Horde emissary we were told to expect," he says, smiling unctuously to Zul'Houngan. "I am Majordomo Claudius of Tiragarde Keep. Would you care to introduce yourself and your companions?"

Zul'Houngan blinks a bit. Him? He wasn't exactly expecting this. He turns, and looks to Alea. Then shrugs. "I'm Zul'Houngan. A Shamanic Priest." Zul takes a deep bow to Claudiius. "My companions are able to intoduce themselves." He steps aside, to let the other two speak.

The high elf finds this a most amusing reponse, but handles it without so much as a blink. "I am Alea'sha." The wolf likely draws a strange look and she calmly adds, "I am a druid from the north."

The mage's mouth twists in a sardonic smile. "Ezra." What he might actually be he leaves to the imagination of the majordomo - an exile from Lordaeron, a human turncoat, or something else - but he trusts his disguise.

"Yes, yes," says Claudius, nodding genially. "Welcome to Tiragarde. Come this way," he says, turning to lead the group toward the keep. proper. As he approaches, a small door opens in the main gates, providing the group admittance to the keep.

Zul'Houngan nods to Claudius, and walks into the keep, watchign his companions to make sure they're at least behind him. He keeps silent. He wasn't expecting a warm reception, so this seems pretty expected.

As Claudius closes the door behind them, though, some of the members of the party begin to notice something amiss. In the ever-present smell of the ocean near Tiragarde, Zul'Houngan smells something else - a hint of corruption that he remembers smelling once before, all too recently. And Ezra, possibly out of awareness of his own disguise, notices that Claudius looks wrong somehow. His eyes bulge a little more than normal, and he seems to be sweating more than the weather should justify.

"Please follow me," Claudius repeats, still smiling broadly, apparently oblivious to anything the Horde ambassadors may have noticed. "We should discuss matters in our meeting hall. It is this way," he says, gesturing to the left, "past our prison chambers."

As the group walks, Ezra speaks casually to Alea'sha. "This gentleman.. seems to have the same symptoms of that, ah, tropical disease that your companion did.. perhaps a cure is in order.."

Claudius stiffens as Ezra speaks, and his expression immediately twists into rage. "Get them!" he cries, and he and his two guards draw weapons.

Rather than attacking right away, Claudius retreats to the left hallway, next to one of the guards, holding his dagger at the ready. His bulging eyes narrow to slits as he drops into a fighting stance.

The charging wolf moves quickly from the attack of Claudius, but the dagger finds its mark. A low growl is all that comes from the injured wolf as the blade's poison takes effect. It's counter attack catches only air, but the bright eyes of the animal stay locked on its enemy. It will not miss again.

"_Rethruk_," intones Ezra. But rather than the firebolt his companions have seen him wield, a series of nineteen green glyphs manifest in a ring around his outstretched hand. A sheet of flame streaks across the room at Claudius.

But the flames miss Claudius by mere inches as the man slams himself bodily against the wall beside him. Rolling back into fighting stance, Claudius' eyes seem glazed with fear at the close call, but he rallies, prepared for whatever else may come at him.

Zul'Houngan steps up between the puppy and the druid, and splays his hands out before him. Shots of fire spring from the tips, and lick around the armored goon, who seems to step out of the way and avoid most of it. Or friend, however, seems to have the devil's luck, and escapes again unharmed.

Meanwhile, the other guard charges forward, drawing his longsword, and swings it in a wide arc against Ezra Pyreborn. The blade cuts deep into the Forsaken's undead flesh, and the Veil of Vitality does an effective job of presenting the illusion of a gaping wound gushing his life's blood into his robes.

Claudius strides forward, advancing on Alea'sha, all his body language indicating that he's going to attempt to disembowel her - aiming for her face instead when she covers her flank. In the distraction of his footwork, however, his own attack goes wide.

The luck of Claudius seems to be holding well. Both the teeth of the wolf and the sharp swing of the druid's staff go astray.

A remarkable thing happens. Ezra's human guise begins to fail; the magic which conceals his true nature competes with another, infinitely older magic which is intent on changing just what that true form is. The man's eyes glow, and the green glow spreads itself to his body before the Tiragarde soldier can react. He explodes outward in a twisting tornado of sand and dust. The cloud streams over everything, Alea'sha and Zul'Houngan included, and the champions of the natural world feel a distinctly unnatural shiver up their spines.

Zul'Houngan pulls his mace out, and glides around, trying to approach the guard from the back. He manages to thunk his mace down on the guard, but only on the forearm.

The guard barely notices the troll's blow bounces off his armor, and, though shaken by the mage's uncanny transformation, turns to engage Alea'sha. Him and his fellow guard work together, fighting the elven druid with military precision, but their sword drill is no match for her natural grace.

Choking and wheezing on the unnatural dust, Claudius stumbles backward, swinging his dagger futilely at the whirling cloud that Ezra has become. As he backs free of the cloud and his vision clears, he takes a wild swing at Alea'sha's wolf, but he has still not gotten his composure back, and the swing misses by a mile.

The druid and her wolf companion once again strike as a unit, the teeth of the wolf striking low and finding no mark, but the druid's staff comes down like a mallet on the man's head. With a satisfying crack he tumbles to the floor. Sublimating frost pours off his face in a strange fog.

Now that the troll has moved to fend off the soldier, the dust cloud retreats back to the center of the room. It pours itself into a humanoid form; sand becomes flesh, winds become black silk. Ezra has resumed his human existence, and less injured for it.

The troll glances behind him, nodding to Ezra, and bracing himself, holding his ground against the human. He swings his mace, forcing the guard to step back, but doing no damage.

The majordomo, no longer menaced by Ezra's dust cloud, steps back into the fray. His fancy footwork is still enough to keep Alea'sha guessing, but yet again it is not enough to penetrate her defenses.

Once again Alea'sha and her wolf strike, and again the wolf finds only air with its slashing teeth. The druid's strike, however, is true and though the force of the blow is not powerful, the gnawing frost pours through the enemy's armor, freezing flesh straight to the bone.

Three radiant missiles fly from the newly-reformed hand of the undead mage, striking Claudius squarely and pitching him over. "They never miss," Ezra growls.

Claudius falls to his knees, blood spurting from his mouth. "N-no... the Lady..." he gurgles, as he turns and attempts to crawl away. "G-guards..." he tries to yell, but he cannot manage more than a whisper. He crawls another ten feet before slumping to the ground.

Zul'Houngan grins ferally and swings his mace again, keeping the remaining guard on his toes. The guard's eyes, barely visible behind his helmet, are wide and staring, but he yells frantically, "I'll never surrender!" swinging his sword frantically to little effect.

The teeth of the wolf answer the guard's challenge, sending him falling forward, right into the business end of Alea'sha's magical weapon. The staff slips past the guard's armor, and with a sickening noise crushes the man's windpipe. The strange, crackling noise of ice freezing flesh follows. When the guard strikes the floor Alea'sha says softly, "We'd have it no other way." Harming her friends does light a fire in the high elf.

Ezra stalks toward the fallen majordomo. He reaches down with both hands and seizes the body, pulling it roughly up and slamming it against the wall. "You _useless, stupid_..." he growls. His head turns, and his glimmering eyes shine through his human masquerade. "_Talk_."

Blood oozes from Claudius' mouth, but it still forms into a feral grin. "You Horde-loving bastard," he sputters. "We'll fix you... you and your damned Horde. We got your stupid..." He spits on Ezra's robes. "Your stupid paladin already... our Lady will have... have you all..." His bulging eyes glaze over, and he slumps in Ezra's arms.

Ezra drops the body like so much discarded garbage. He hunkers down, rifling through the clothes and pockets and belt for keys, papers, and other things of immediate value.

"Do you think the others are dead?" asks Alea'sha quietly. She has healed her wolf, and is studying Ezra to see just how badly hurt he is. "He mentioned cells." She will start examining the guards, looking for anything of immediate use, but with special attention to keys.

Ezra is searching. "You have... no idea.. _how useful_ necromancy would be... right now.." he grunts.

The guards do not carry much of value - a few coppers, presumably their wages, and of course their arms and armor. Claudius, on the other hand, was an officer of some import in the Keep. He bears a keyring, the keys of which bear the logo of Kul Tiras; if not a complete set, it will surely open at least some doors in the Keep. He also bears a fresh piece of parchment containing unsigned orders to ambush the Horde and Alliance ambassadorial parties. As for valuables, a few vials in Claudius' pockets contain an evil-looking green liquid, and the dagger he bore looks to be of very high quality.

Though it hardly requires confirmation at this point, removing the helmets of the guards and Claudius' scarf confirms it: all three men bear gills.

Carefully, Ezra folds the scrip into as compact a form as he can manage, and tears off one of his own bandages to tie it to his raven's claw. He finds a window and releases the black-winged bird with as much stealth as he can muster. If the group is captured, someone at Razor Hill must know the truth.

In the search for a window, the group finds the entrance to the prison. There is only one guard on duty, and confronted with three deadly-looking adventurers and a snarling wolf, he quickly surrenders. The prison is empty, save for a cage on the back wall, containing a hooded prisoner, shackled hand and foot and his hands encased in steel shackles. Ezra recognizes them as the sort used to bind arcanists, priests, and other prisoners where the use of their hands is a security risk.

Claudius' keys prove to be effective, and the prisoner is freed. Alea'sha pulls free the hood... and Jonah Claremont blinks in the light. "Alea'sha! Zul'Houngan! What are you two doing here?"