> (OOC) Log "Tides-2010-11-06" started by Sookie at Sat Nov 6 20:36:39 2010 CDT (OOC)

> (OOC) Sookie says, "This is chronologically set before the attack on the sea tunnel"

> (OOC) Nerai hands Sookie snake charms.

The far-ranging dwarves who returned to Southshore with their minds intact were consulted in the details of the attack on Dun Garok - their home. As they are all intimately familiar with both the fortress and the rocky mountain around it, some of their remembrances and recollections about places to set up demolition charges are quite specific.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "moar"

Now that the planning has finished, some of them have wandered off to talk to other members of Southshore's community. This is "town" to them, a day's travel away from their military holdings, and a place of civilians that will need protecting if the trolls come from the east. Thoradin's Wall is a monumental stone barrier separating the Hillsbrad region from the Arathi highlands to the east, and the dwarves are its appointed guardians. Consequently they have something of a paternal protective attitude toward Southshore.

One dwarf in particular stays behind at the blazing hearth in Southshore's chief tavern. He's an older commander, with scars on his face, and a slow but steady manner to him. His name seems to be Dagg, because that's how the others refer to him, but he has not introduced himself. He's been content to stare into the burning fireplace with half closed eyes. Now, however, he speaks up as Nerai is about to leave. "If they grow resentful of ye, lass, it's nae anythin' ye have done wrong. Think not less of them."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "go ahead"

Nerai looks into her half-pint of mead, just kind of sighing at life as she sits in the tavern. It takes the younger Goblin some time to realize that it's her who's being addressed. her face pucks up as one might see a balloon distort into her usually vaguely-cheery dealing-with-others grin. She smiles, "Oh, I'm used to it. Doesn't seem there's much call for Goblins anywhere, it seems. But what makes you comment?" She nods, leaning back to look at the elder dwarf.

Dagg reaches down with a wrinkled hand for a pouch on his belt, pulls out a pipe and begins methodically to stuff it with weed. "Bein' a goblin got not a thing tae to with i'. It's that you're off to attack a dwarven fortress and dwarven holdings, and-- well, have ye ever had a child o' yer own?"

Nerai blushes as she reads the dwarf's intentions wrong. She shakes her head, "Nope. Such a thing is unlikely, given the life I lead." She looks at Dagg, "How about yourself? Surely you have a nice family."

"To a dwarf, family's a strange question." Dagg finishes packing his pipe, and clamps it between his teeth with a firmness normally reserved for metal fittings. He pulls a stick free of the hearth and lights it, puffing a few times before speaking again. "Know ye of the War of Three Hammers? 'Tis not a pleasant story for a dwarf to tell, but ye should know this. Rumor's that you be bound for Ironforge."

"From and back too, you might say. Returning home. At least, the last home I really had." Nerai shakes her head, "I had never been told that one, myself. Of course, even living in Ironforge, I didn't learn much of your ways."

Dagg leans forward toward the fire. Orange light plays across his ruddy features. "It's because yer not kin. Take yer mind back to a time, och, many many years ago now. A time when the dwarves lived together as one people - many clans, but united under a common king. Aye, Modimus Anvilmar. Ye'll find his statue gracin' the front gates of Ironforge, ready to remind those who come to fear the Lords of Ironforge."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "more"

"They built him a statue for the same reason they built Ironforge, and sadly enough, the same reason the War of Three Hammers took place." Dagg blows a few smoke rings, returns his pipe to his mouth. "A dwarf's got kin. Family. Not these mother-father-child arrangements of the humans, no. A dwarf's family is his whole entire clan, but more than just that. It's the home he lives in. The ground on which he walks. A dwarf breathes his whole soul into the place where he lives. Makes it a part of him, and becomes a part of it. That is the secret to dwarven blacksmithin' and enchantin'."

Nerai nods and shifts in her seat, turning to hear the older Dwarf tell the story. Her claws grip around the handle of her mead, sipping as she listens.

> (OOC) Nerai afk just a bit.

"Now if ye accept _that_, ye can see what happens when the Lord of Ironforge should die wi'out leavin' proper issue. Modimus did so. None were strong enough to replace him, to keep the clans together, and so the War of the Three Hammers commenced. The Bronzebeard clan, those who would later inherit Ironforge, the Wildhammer clan, those that live beyond the mountains from us here, and the Dark Iron clan, those that summoned the terrible firelord Ragnaros into this world. Aye, dwarves did that, a thing we feel no small shame about. But it was all in the name of that family inheritance - Ironforge. We all wanted to be its protectors. Our souls were a part of that great mountain."

"That too is why the dwarves of Dun Garok will resent ye for attackin' their home, even though they know their cousins and kinsmen not be in their right minds. It's their home an' their family an' their souls are as much a part of that great place as... well, as any dwarf." Dagg falls quiet, puffing away on his pipe in contemplative silence.

> (OOC) Sookie notes: http://www.wowpedia.org/War\_of\_the\_Three\_Hammers

Nerai listens, and absorbs this quietly, letting the take wash over her as she thinks over this. There are many appropriate things to say at this juncture, and many of then scramble through the young goblin's head as she thinks, "The only thing I can do for them is to take great care when I do..." She trails off, "What I must." She smiles, "I thank you for trusting me enough with your tale, sir. I can only say that I will treat your family with care. And return as much of it to you as possible."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "young dwarf? :)"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "SHe's part dwarf!"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Fixed."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "that parent must have been reallllllly drunk"

> (OOC) Nerai says, "WHICH ONE!?!?"

"It's nae a matter of care.." Dagg hesitates. "No harm to a child can be forgiven, only borne quietly. It's a thing we live with, that we understand, but it's also a feelin' we canna shake, lass. If we are wise, we will use those feelings. If ye are not familiar with the War, are ye perhaps familiar with three Bronzebeard brothers?"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "you'd at least remember Magni Bronzebeard - King of Ironforge - even if you didn't meet him"

Nerai shakes her head quietly. "I know of the King sir. Magni Bronzebeard. The other two I'm afraid I do not."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "Chang'd"

Dagg nods. The pipe comes out of his mouth, resting quietly in his gnarled right hand. "Each of the three Bronzebeard brothers - Magni, Muradin and Brann - have borne some sorrow o' their own. Muradin Bronzebeard accompanied Arthas Menethil - the human prince, ye must know him as the traitor - and was lost in Northrend. It's said that Arthas was like family to Muradin, an' I can only say 'tis better that he died rather than know what became of the lad."

> (OOC) Sookie says, "more"

> (OOC) Sookie says, "Arthas being the Lich King, commander of the Scourge"

"Magni, who heard of this, was approached by men of the north, to forge 'em a great crystal into a weapon. It seems many o' them had lost kin to the Scourge. Magni, upon hearing this, reflected over his brother - lost to the king of those self-same scourge. And using the dwarves' secret art, he laid their crystal upon the Great Anvil of Ironforge itself, an' began a work that would infuse his rage and his desire for vengeance upon those Scourge into a sword of surpassin' power. That sword became known as the Ashbringer."

"Muradin was a noted explorer, an' a founding member of the Explorers' League. Brann looked up to him as a younger brother is wont to do, an' has since surpassed him. But he carries that same weight on his shoulders, and it's said that unlike the dwarves of Ironforge or the Wildhammers, who are content to make one place their home and invest it with themselves, that Brann wishes to invest the whole o' Azeroth with part of his soul, an' become a protector of all the world."

Nerai nods as she listens in awe of the stories the older dwarf tells. She nods attentively.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "if you have things to say or ask you should do those too ;)"

> (OOC) Nerai doesn't even really know what to ask, anyway. Seems like a nice, complete story to me. n.n

> (OOC) Sookie says, "then here comes the bit you may find more interesting"

Dagg takes a long drag from his pipe and exhales smoke, watching it wander and mingle with the hearth's smoke. "Ye may be tempted to think of the steam tanks an' steam armor of Dun Garok as machines, per'aps just property to be bought an' sold. I know not. To us, they are special. They are a true part of us." For the first time, he turns to face Nerai in his seat, his eyes like deep oceans illuminated by the firelight.

> (OOC) Sookie says, "more"

"The tank in which I rode had a name - Hilda. It shared that name with my wife, lost in the Third War. An' as I assembled it, and as I repaired it after battle, I prayed to the makers of all dwarves to give me vengance. An' I beseeched the spirit o' Hilda to come be wi' me in those black hours when I was alone in that thing. My passion an' my love made it into that tank. She stopped more attacks than the mere steel o' her armor merits credit for. Her power was more than the steam furnace ought to have produced. She held together when any lesser thing o' craftsmanship ought to have fallen to pieces. She saved my life. Just as my wife would want."

"That is the power and the curse o' the dwarves, young goblin. That we make family o' our weapons, an' that we must lose those we love."

Nerai raises an eyebrow as the conversation turn to steam armor. She smiles, and shakes her head, "That doesn't seem odd at all. Eecee is very much a part of me, and who I am. I, too, feel Eecee around me every time we go into battle. I know I would defend Eecee even with myself. Just as he does for me." She goes quiet a bit, "I suppose he's a lot like my old master, in that..." She looks up, "Hilda will make it through..."

"We shall see." Dagg looks away a moment, puffing his pipe thoughtfully, then looks back again, more intently. "If it is the same for you, then.. what is it that you protect, goblin? Where does your soul reside?"

Nerai looks, "I would say, beyond my armor Eecee." She pauses and thinks about this. "My friends, and my ship. Both the ones who are here, and those that can't be with us right now. I would go..." She pasuses again, "Very far. For any of them."

Dagg nods approvingly. "An' how came they to earn this?"

Nerai shrugs, "Such a thing is given, not really earned." She nods at Dagg.

The old dwarf sits back. "Blood be a powerful bond. To a dwarf, the bonds of trust in a clan grow thick with shared hardships." He reaches down, methodically rolling back one of his sleeves to reveal a heavily scarred forearm. "Reachin' into the engine to stop a wayward steam tank. Saved the life of my cousin Baldus, may his soul find rest. He repaid me wi' drinks aplenty. An' so it is with each of my kinsmen. A thousand kindnesses, a hundred risks taken, that bind us together as one clan."

Nerai reaches a finger out, and moves to trace along the scar tissue on his forearm. She gasps, "Such a thing is amazing.. I can only imagine.." She thinks, "Or maybe I can imagine." She smiles, and leans back, "Mutual struggle brings us together..." She trails off, "But I like to think it's the destination we're working to together that really makes us strong."

Dagg smiles. "An' when you repair that armor, or make improvements, remember those feelings of comradeship and kinship. Make them a part of the armor. It will grow strong, just as you do, when you show it such respect. That is the dwarven way." Leaning back, he looks up - not at the ceiling so much as the hidden sky beyond it, and perhaps further. "This too will make us strong. We will overcome these naga. We will not fail."

> (OOC) Sookie doesn't have much else. :)

> (OOC) Nerai says, "SOunds like a good clise to me."

> (OOC) Nerai says, "CLOSE. c.c"

> (OOC) Log "Tides-2010-11-06" stopped by Sookie at Sat Nov 6 22:03:50 2010 CDT (OOC)