Five years ago, peace and beauty reigned in the region called Quel'thalas. It was a magical, enchanted wood. The living things of the forest dwelt in harmony and peace. This is not to say that the wolf did not dine on the sheep, only that the natural order of life and death was observed to operate tranquilly.

In this place, the high elves lived and played like children with the forces of the arcane. They had sundered relations with their suspicious, backwards cousins the 'night elves', those nocturnal forest-dwellers who found the arcane to be an obscenity. But they had never lost faith in the Alliance. Until Arthas came.

Through the troll lands, through Quel'thalas itself, through the shining bastion of magic and aesthetic called Silvermoon City itself. The terrifying death-knight broke through the barriers and brought the forces of the Scourge with him. And when the Third War finally ended, the leaders of Silvermoon knew the Alliance had abandoned them. They chose the name 'blood elves' in honor of their losses. They buried their dead and turned to another force - the Horde.

Today, a chilly wind runs through the leafless blackened forests of a region now simply called the Ghostlands. The plagues of the Scourge have corrupted and twisted the living things. Strange spider-like beings, enormous vampire bats, and other creatures of darkness encroach on the elfin beauty of Quel'thalas.

Here on a high cliff on the northern edge of the Ghostlands, a young blood elf stands. Wrapped in a thick cloak to block out the cold wind, this survivor watches as a distant unit of cavalrymen, resplendent in their arcane armor and riding tall on their hawkstriders, charge into battle against a band of animate dead that have crawled out of the nearby lake.

The wind and the distant bell-like tolling of swords and mail clashing with evil aren't the only sounds. More come to be heard. Regular footfalls are making their way up the path to the cliff-top, accompanied by a rhythmic clicking. And as the elf turns, their owner reveals himself. He is a creature of middling height, his face and hands concealed by thickly-wrapped white bandages that leave only glowing eyes and hints of what must be his jaw exposed. He wears a wide-brimmed fedora and is cloaked by a black trench-jacket, popular among the human fighters of Lordaeron. The clicking comes from his cane, though he does not hobble or support himself on it.

He is, in fact, beyond crippling injuries, for he is one of the Forsaken - a corpse bereft of life or warmth, animated by the blackest of sorcery. Even on the wind, the slight scent of incense can be detected. It masks the muskier and infinitely more disturbing odors the cadaver might possess. And yet it seems to smile under those bandages, and hobble closer, pulling its longcoat about it as though chilled by the wind. A mockery of life? Perhaps. But also abandoned by all - just as the blood elves were. For this reason, and this alone, the blood elves find the Forsaken their closest allies now.

The creature hunkers down at the top of the cliff, standing beside his blood elf companion. He stares at the distant battle, and his bandages shift as though grinning. He points with his cane. "Alllways elf against elf. That is the history of your race, yes?" His voice is reedy and hollow, possessing that peculiar timbre of emptiness which accompanies all the Forsaken. "Living elves, the sin'dorei, fighting their undead cousins, the highborne, dredged up from that lake. Arthas' doing, yesss..." He rises with a creaking sound. "This whole land is still vibrating. Undulating, pulsing. The seed of evil planted in the Dead Scar reaches out with its tendrils.." He extends a bandaged hand, making a grasping motion. "Seeking blood and life, yes?"

For some time, the armored figure of the elf remains still and nothing is said. "I don't know what it seeks," comes the reply at last. The elf's voice is guarded, revealing nothing of its bearer's identity. "The world has long since lost any sense of meaning or purpose to me. It simply is what it is. You may call it madness, or punishment, or whatever you please. I only see what it is and remember the stories of how it was before."

"Ah yes, stories..." The Forsaken chuckles. Even if he is amused, there is a note of menace to it. "Old stories. Even the trolls in their bitterness at losing these lands once accused the elves of being mutated trolls. Not, ah, that I believe them..." He chuckles again, and stamps the ground with his cane. "Now all that's left to tell these woods' tales are the ghosts, yes."

"Perhaps one day there will be nothing but ghosts," replies the elf. "And who knows if the trolls or the elves are more right." The helmed head is shaken slightly, "Of course it doesn't matter. In this world, no one is right, no one is just." A hand covered in finely wrought steel draws forth a pale blade and holds it up. "But strength still works."

"Strength, mmmm." The Forsaken bursts into a fit of hacking coughs which could be interpreted as laughter by the charitable. "There is your sword, yess... there is the arcane. There is the shamanism that your - our - allies among the Horde are practicing. I have heard that there is a member of the druidic order even in Silvermoon City, yesss. But which of these will give you back your homeland the best? We will see."

"Homeland? No one can give me my homeland back," replies the elf. "There are things we lose that cannot be so easily returned. Besides, what is a homeland but a patch of land your fathers fathers stole from those less strong than they? We all take what we can and hold on to it because we know no other way."

"A wise outlook!" The Forsaken's hand latches onto the elf's arm in a cold grip, but a loose one. "Come, come, let me show you something. It will amuse you, yes? Lighten the burden of being so wise. Come!"

The undead wheels and stalks down the hill, dragging his possibly-willing companion along with an iron-strong grip. His cane clicks on the rocky ground more rapidly than during his ascent, and he cackles under his breath - if he breathes at all. It takes several minutes, but the pair arrive at a dilapidated wooden shack. The weeds and undergrowth here have given way to choked masses of plaguevines that threaten to crush the fragile little structure. The Forsaken ignores them, pushing his way through the half-open front door and into the shack.

"We discovered it yesterday morning. A fine old treasure, yes? Look, look.." He pokes his cane at a piece of rubble, which slides off. Underneath is a skeletal hand, clasping an ornate box half made out of mithril. Tiny strains of music are audible - an old melody. The box seems to be its source.

"I'm guessing that there is some point to this beyond the hovel." The elf's lack of interest is palpable. Still, there is no attempt to pull away. "Is this an old friend of yours, or someone I'm supposed to know?"

"Ohohoho.." The Forsaken chuckles, and pokes a few more times at the rubble. The music continues to play, a quiet and soothing lullabye. "Listen to the voices of your ancestors," he says. "Listen to what they say to their children as they sleep.. listen to the music of the arcane. Even now, it plays. A wonder, yes? It is not sword or spell. But a legacy can be strength, yes?"

"If it's more than a box in the clutches of a corpse," replies the elf. "Otherwise it is no more than a curiosity, an artifact to amuse the new heirs of the land, or a trophy of conquest to be held until the conquerer becomes conquered. I doubt you are trying to say that the feelings generated by such a token are a strength."

"Ohoh... aaahahahahaha.." Again the Forsaken lapses into a wheezing cackle. "Think you so? Tell me then... by what means am I speaking to you now? Why do your people call the Forsaken 'friend', when your own men slay the Scourge's weapons on the lake yonder? Why are we having a friendly chat, when only a year ago my hands would be throttling the life out of you and my teeth tearing chunks from your cooling corpse, eh? .... Tell me."

"A fair point," replies the elf. "But alliances come and go. Memories are rarely more than a convenient justification for our actions. In a year who is to say that we will not be killing each other again? Who is to say that the blood elves will not be tearing themselves apart?"

"Oh, perhaps.. But you perhaps don't know the Forsaken well enough, no. So let me tell you.." The creature hobbles out of the cabin and crouches down in the spectral forest clearing beyond. "I would still be a mindless slave of the Scourge if it weren't for the legacy inside me. Without feelings, I would not have fought off the whispers that bound me. Strength, yes? If all of the Scourge's minions had such strength, the Scourge would be no more. And then you would be avenged, yes? Then the world would be safer." He leans heavily on his cane, staring up at the blood elf.

"Perhaps," replies the elf. "My vengeance follows many paths. Still, settling the matter of the Scourge would be as worthy a thing to do as any other and roughly as hopeless."

"You give up hope so easily. You lean on your sword as I lean on my cane, yes?" The undead wheezes laughter. "Is your soul as withered as the Ghostlands?"

"Yes," replies the elf. "I will do what I feel needs to be done, but I take no hope from it. Even were I to overcome the Scourge single-handedly it would change little."

"Then kill yourself," the thing suggests, mockingly. "Throw yourself onto your sword. Become another walking corpse for your fellows to clean up. Eh? If there is no hope, then strength has no direction. Take a few with you before you go, yes? Deprive a few more of hope."

The elf laughs coldly. "There is more than the sword. There is honor. There is strength of word. The right to waste one's own life is reserved for the rich and frivolous. One does not stop fighting simply because they see no hope of any lasting victory. Cowards fight only for victory. I fight because it must be done. I fight because it is the right thing to do." Another mirthless laugh, "I've learned one moves forward more easily when they have no way back, as well."

"Come. I've not shown you all there is to see," the Forsaken mumbles. He gestures with his cane, rising and shambling back into the cabin. "Come, come."

The elf follows, wondering what the Forsaken will reveal now. There is no sign of impatience, however. With no clear way to fight, this warrior is simply waiting for an opening.

The Forsaken reaches with his cold hand into a jacket pocket, and withdraws a locket. It sparkles and shines brightly, and he seems to wince and hiss quietly at its touch. Nevertheless he holds it out by the chain over the music box. And gradually an image becomes visible. It is a hovering apparition which solidifies itself into the picture of a young elven child. Her bright blonde locks play over her face and her ears show signs of early development, protruding from her hair at a high angle. In her hands she holds a spectral replica of the music box, turning it back and forth. She smiles and giggles a bit as the music changes each time she turns it in a new way.

"Come, child," whispers the undead. The ghost-girl becomes aware of him. She smiles and steps forward, passing through the rubble as though it didn't exist. Her hands reach out and caress the locket. It sways gently, the physical thing moving in response to the apparition. "Yes... she does not think of strength. She thinks of hope. She's glad for the things her daddy brought her. It makes her oh so happy, yes.." His reedy voice is crooning gently, but in doing so it sounds less hollow, more alive. "This is why we Forsaken have come here to help you. You can still feel desires. All we have left are hungers."

"She's a child, and all children have hope," notes the elf. "Yet there are many who can feel desires. Elves have no monopoly of such an emotion. Surely the taurens, the trolls, and certainly the orcs know desire."

"What they do not know is desperation." The bandaged hand snaps away the locket and buries it back in a pocket; the ghostly girl disappears, and the Forsaken rises abruptly. "You do. Yes?"

"That I do," replies the elf. "My people live on the edge of a knife, stealing our next breath from any source we stumble across."

"Then don't be a fool. You're burying yourself in a chill grave already. You're no cold steel. You're quaking in fear of a world that has changed beyond your ability to cope." The thing's reedy voice takes on a raspy, challenging tone, and he levels his cane at the elf. "Now come out of there! Wake up, open your eyes, and really fight! You can. You _must_. Yesss."

"You do not know what you are asking for," replies the elf. "It is mercy that stays my hand. If I go forth and do what must be done, it will tear this land apart. There shall be no Scar left. There will be a river of blood to cleanse it away. In what is to come, there will be no fence for the common man to stand upon. Knowing this, do you still think fighting is wise? Shall I break one word to maintain another?"

The Forsaken cackles. "Your only enemy is the enemy of the world. The Burning Legion. The Scourge. And those who follow them. Your only ally is honor, and those who follow it. Do you think any promise made, wisely or unwisely, is worth giving the world to the enemy?"

"A word given is part of what I am," replies the elf. "Yet it is not just the Burning Legion and the Scourge who are the enemies of my people. We need not look past our own walls to find those who would twist us for their uses."

"Ahhh. And there you put your finger on a wound which is still open.." The creature sighs and takes his leave of the cabin. But as he reaches the outside he turns. Reaching into his pocket, he retrieves the locket and extends his hand in offering. "Take this. Talk to the child with it, yes? Do what is right. When you know what that is, find me in Tranquilien."

"I cannot go there, but I will find you," replies the elf. The smile behind that armor is palpable. "I'm afraid they would not give me the reception I desire." The locket is taken.

The bandaged cadaver tips his hat politely in farewell, then leaves, his cane clearing the brush before his feet.