The group is gathered at a campsite near Bristlelimb Village, south of the Exodar's crash site. Belana, the night elf priestess, has invited Saeren and Ezra on a quiet excursion south of the camp - a short trip to a set of ruins near the beach.

In the distance, Saeren's sharp eyes can spot the glint of moonlight on scale - naga are present. But the priestess's raised hand, an indication to halt, shows that she has seen them as well. Instead, she finds a spot at the far northeastern corner of the ruins. With the patient deliberation characteristic of the followers of nature, she unfolds a bundle of goods wrapped in runecloth: seeds, candles, and a glimmering dust. These things are arranged in a circle, and Belana kneels at their center.

The elf folds her hands together and murmurs a prayer. It has the cadence of water spilling over stones, the words themselves barely audible. It is an entreaty for the lady of the moon to draw her veils aside, masking the party from mundane sight and drawing their awareness closer to the spirit world.

A sensation like sleep permeates the celebrants of this quiet rite. As it retreats, the scene has shifted subtly. The ruins have taken on a new cast. The naga are nowhere to be seen. Instead, white shadows drift between shattered columns and glide across splintered pavement. "The lingering spirits of the Highborne," whispers Belana.

Saeren looks on in silence for a time, studying the ghostly shapes. "A rather pitiful remnant of what once was. A lesson we must all remember to avoid that path again."

"Azuremyst and Bloodmyst were almost forgotten about by the elves," the priest explains. "If anyone dwelt here, it would be a few hermits and fishermen - the sort who seek solitude, even by the standards of the kal'dorei. The Highborne remain here in their white silences. These spirits are like pearls. Lustrous shells wrapped around a single painful moment in the past, with layer upon layer of regret growing over them through the ages."

"Now all of that is changing. The draenei have come. They force change upon the inhabitants of this place. Their mere presence has forced life here to adjust itself. We must understand what is happening here. You and I, Saeren, must find the seed of newness that wishes to grow here on this island, and we must find fertile soil in which to plant it."

"I am a rather strange choice, am I not?" asks Saeren quietly. "For long I have been wreathed in death. I have taken on this task to give new life to those lost long in the dark places, but I am neither wise, nor are my hands gentle."

The priestess half-turns and smiles, pulling up her sleeves. Her hands are callused; still gentle, but delicately textured with the signs of physical labor. "Do you think that I was this way when I first began to cultivate _my_ garden?" she asks with a tender smile. "It is through the doing of it that you will become suitable."

"Lest you think that I am forcing something on you, you have chosen this path yourself. Your stewardship of the lamia was the step you took. I wish only to help you complete it."

"I do not wish to change this path," says Saeren. "Someday ahead there may be a high price to pay for it. I will pay it gladly. Though they are not children of my body, I want them to have a chance for a new, better life than that they have known."

Belana nods. "Then take up your bow, sentinel. Go into the ruins. Whisper the name of Elune and do not draw breath without speaking it again, or the naga will see you. Hunt down the Highborne spirits here and bring me some of their essence. I believe that with the proper prayers, the magic bound into their undead spirits may help with future transformations of the naga into lamia. I wish to see if this is true." She withdraws a magical crystal and extends it. "Will it to extract that which you need from them."

Belana regards Ezra now, who has remained silent. "While Saeren performs her task, I have one for you as well," she explains to the wizard. "I wish to know more about the undead condition. I wish to know... if they could be awakened, as you were."

Saeren takes up her bow and creeps forward, silent as starlight as she moves into the ruins. Her awe-filled whisper carries lightly on the wind as she fits arrow to the string. A ghost to hunt ghosts, she has become, her eyes fixed on the first of her quarry. With skill she fires two arrows into the apparition and though it seems little more than a curtain of shimmering light, it is struck mortally and falls to the ground with a sigh.

The night elf archer notices a wispy shadow moving closer, perhaps drawn by the noise, or perhaps sensing the magic of the bow or the heat of living blood. The two play a cat and mouse game, with Saeren drawing the ghost in a wide loop, until at last it presents a clear target, and again the arrows find the mark.

The threat temporarily alleviated, Saeren moves to examine what has been left behind. It seems little more than a glowing powder, and this she carefully gathers into a pouch. Returning to the first enemy's remains, she is able to find still more of the stuff. Content with her efforts, and feeling more than a little unease in such a place, she returns to the priestess.

"This is what I am after," nods Belana. Beside her, Ezra is hunched over and still silent, but he radiates an air of discomfort.

Saeren nods at Belanna, maintaining the spell with the whispered name of her goddess. This time she has more faith in what she does, and she focuses her mind on the crystal she has been given. She stalks farther into the ruins, climbing a mossy pillar and surveying a small horde of ghosts no more than fifty yards from her.

Counting eight in their number, she draws an arrow. The move surprises her, making the archer hesitate. She feels a strange warmth flowing into her. It returns her awareness to the crystal. "Elune," she whispers, forming the word into a book of prayers.

She directs her hopes into the crystal, and feels something inside her change and grow. Her bow is no longer something that is nearly part of her, it is a tool of her soul, and the crystal somehow forms this binding.

Saeren doesn't question it any longer. Arrow after arrow flies from the string into her enemies. They surge towards her, a tide of ghoulish light. But arrayed against it is a power greater still. As each dart leaves the string a strand of pure moonlight remains, tying the target to that which has given it a long overdue freedom.

Saeren cannot recall firing more confidently, nor more accurately. It will occur to her that she cannot feel her hands on the bow, nor her fingers on the string. There is just a sense of being whole and right, and a growing warmth with each silken string. When the last ghost has fallen Saeren stands atop the pillar, looking out silently over the misty ruins. Before her, in a vast fan, beams of moonlight extend, each climbing to her left hand.

The night elf raises her fist above her head and whispers, "Elune." She does not know how she does it, but she guides the light to an open pouch, and there it pools like water, so light that it seems at first that the bag might float off her belt. She holds it fast and without troubling herself any longer she returns to the priestess, showing what she has found.

Ezra glances up as Saeren returns, resuming his conversation with Belana. "The Highborne are undead, in the ssense that they are spiritss of the living in corporeal form, yess. We have bansheess within the Undercity, but the Highborne are.... another matter. I am not certain what can be done with them. They were creaturess of a deep and subtle magic when alive. you assked about etheric agitation? From my insspection of the shadess here, I have concluded that they are active on sseven bandss, yes. It is as though their sspirits were bound to the ley liness of their old homess. Perhapss this is due to the influence of the Well of Eternity, and ssimilarly I am told that night elvess felt at a loss without a world tree."

Belana nods reticently. "It.. is so," she admits. "Perhaps, then, the lamia may be able to advise us more specifically. If there is some special quality that they need in a homeland, we must quickly discern it." She looks up and smiles, receiving Saeren's bounty of captured essences.

"Do you think that the highbourne coming back would be a wise idea?" asks Saeren.

Belana glances sidelong at Ezra, then speaks. "There are no Highborne alive now, it seems," she says carefully. "There are the naga, the cursed children of Dagun, and there are the lamia, the prodigals brought back to Elune. The ghosts of the Highborne here are just that - trapped spirits unable to pass on."

"Yet they seem beyond number," says Saeren. "I wonder if they are truly released in death, or if they simply return once more to wander here forever."

"The night elvess have been ... careless about the maintenance of their dead, yess," murmurs Ezra, earning him a momentary stare from Belana. "I believe that iss what Kagarn said, anyway. To your living eyes, of coursse, you see a blight. Your ears hear the night wind." The wizard stares out across the ruins, speaking in a husky whisper. "You do not see anguish in their eyes. You do not hear their screams. You ... only imagine."

"When they fall they let out a sigh," whispers Saeren. "A sigh like one putting down a great weight. Do they return to bear it again, or are they truly free?"

"They are free," says Ezra with conviction. "That is.. the promise the Dark Lady has made to uss. And we have sseen the truth of it, yess."

"If you think that they return only because they are sso numerouss, conssider... the true might of the Sundering, yess." The wizard steeples his fingers. "Not merely a village, no. Not a city. Not a whole land, not even such as Durotar or Lordaeron. But _the world_. And all of the numerouss Highborne alive then, yess. All sswept aside."

"Then we must release as many as we are able," whispers Saeren. "Though it is no more than lifting handfulls of sand from the shore." She looks out to see if she can find the naga. "It is hard to remain focused when you learn more and more as you age that everything is connected."

"That iss the root of your quesstion, then," says Ezra suddenly, glancing back at Belana. "Awaken the Highborne, that they may ssolve this problem for you." The priestess looks away.

"Ezra, what do you think they would do, if they were awakened as you are?" asks Saeren. "What kind of people might they become? I know nothing of your homeland, so I have nothing to compare it to."

"I would fear them," says Ezra softly.

Saeren smiles, "I think waking them might not be the wisest of choices then, no?" She looks back into the ruins, "Don't we have enough to fear already?"

Belana eyes Ezra. "And have you not told me that their existence is to be locked in a cage of yourself, watching someone else's hatred guiding you into terrible things? Would you wish that on them instead?" And now it is the wizard's turn for silence.

"I have lived as much in a cage of hatred as any," says Saeren gently. "But perhaps you are right, perhaps it is our destiny to take this risk. If we start with one, perhaps we can learn how to wake the others." She looks thoughtfully up at the sky, "But we must be careful or we will do something we don't have the right to do."

"That has already been done, yess," says Ezra darkly.

"Many times," answers Saeren. "And it always seems to lead to things that were not intended. With the Lamia it is a matter of choice. Would it be so with these?"

"It is.. too ssoon to tell," the wizard says at last. "There iss a secret fire which burnss within them, a thing similar to what is called the _romanic etheristrum_, and it is an old magic. The arcane achievementss of the mortal racess are sstill not equal to the tassk of puzzling out all of Azeroth's magical myssteries, no."

"But there are more than mortals that master things of arcane nature," replies Saeren. "Perhaps they might be interested in bolstering our awareness. Stories tell us that some of these have in the past taken a great interest in the doings of mortals."

"Perhapss," replies Ezra, shrugging. "But... it iss certain that few in the world wish for more undead, yes. Of any sort." He gives an unpleasant chortle. "Any ssuch ssuggestion will be met with hosstility, yes. Which is why it is easier to... forget these ghosts. Let them have their ruinss. Pretend they do not exist, yes."

"For now," says Saeren. "Though honestly.. I hope you do not think to dissuade me from any path by threats of 'hostility' from others. Most of the time I prefer that."

Ezra taps his fingers together. "Of coursse, if Belana's theory is correct, yes... We may disscover that the lamia _must_ live in the placess where there are ruinss, because of some inherent magical connection to the ley liness there.. If that were sso, the ruinss would necessarily have to be cleanssed of Highborne spiritss for them to live comfortably, yes."

"But ssuppose.. suppose that some Highborne were awoken, yess. As a civilization, they were fearssomely powerful. But as advisorss to the living, as remembrances of the misstakes of a long-lost culture, as sstorehouses of bygone wisdom.. if some of _that_ could be awoken.... Why, even the Argent Dawn in Lordaeron - crusaders against the Scourge all - even they number some of the Forsaken as allies..."

"Perhaps," replies Saeren. "And if we wake the wrong ones, what then? A swift return to the ashes for them, I suppose. Release at last, either way. Still, I am concerned by the power they might wield. They might even be mad when they are restored. They have been like this a very long time."

"So were the naga," points out the wizard.

"True enough," replies the archer. "But they at least were able to have something of the trappings of society, twisted though it might be."

"Nor have you gone mad in your own solitude," continues Ezra bluntly. "Or if you have, you function.. well enough. Regardless, the living lamia would sserve as a stabilizing agent for them, were thiss to be attempted. And either way, the lamia musst have their home, and thiss is part of _their_ legacy."

"In that case, we should speak to them of it, as well. I think this is very much their choice," says Saeren. "And it is not as if we must hurry ahead into a decision."