Warstriders. Twenty-feet-tall colossi of Magical Materials, they have been one of the core elements of mobile warfare since time immemorial. When the _Pride of the Nation_ was first reconstructed, they seemed like the pinnacle of war machines to Davron. But since then, he has seen that there are dangers greater still. Four Fangs, the Ghastly, Juggernaut... the behemoths have proven to be far greater foes than any one warstrider.

And now, now that Egress is marshaling her forces for a war against the Realm itself, there is another foe that is greater than a warstrider: two warstriders. Or ten warstriders. For the Realm's jade resources are vast, and even without much new construction, they wield the lion's share of these titanic superweapons.

_How,_ Davron asks himself, _can I overcome the Realm's numerical advantage?_ Greater size, of course, is one answer; a single bigger warstrider can overcome several of its lesser brethren. But there is a limit, for one Exalt, no matter how mighty, can attune only a certain amount of Magical Material. The _Pride_ is already close to the maximum size one warstrider can attain.

Davron struggles with some alternative concepts, such as multiple Hearthstones, but some quick, rough estimates show that such ideas are not viable. Even with an influx of additional Essence, the pilot's ability to attune to the construct is still a limiting factor; the extremities of a giant warstrider may be imbued with Hearthstone Essence, but if the pilot's anima cannot extend so far, then they are outside the pilot's control, negating the advantage of size.

Frustrated, Davron does what he often does in such cases: he distracts himself with a good book, in this case, a compendium of First Age tales. He falls asleep in his chair, with the book open in his lap.

---

In his dreams, Davron relives one of the battles he'd read about, against the Fair Folk, where the fae threatened a village with a troop of Wyld-mutated giant barbarians. The Solar Circle sent to protect the village used Solar sorcery - the spell known as Unity of the Closed Fist - to merge their bodies and minds into a single form which towered over the unnaturally enlarged madmen and defeated them with ease.

Now Davron's dream shifts from the original story; instead of mere giants, the lords of the Wyld have brought forth a glamour-harnessed behemoth, looking something like the Ghastly might have done in life. The Solar Circle this time is clad in warstriders, but they are still dwarfed by the ravaging behemoth.

Davron's conscious mind knows that sorcery cannot be cast from within a warstrider, but in dream logic, it makes perfect sense when the Circle's sorcerer casts Unity of the Closed Fist again, and the five warstriders leap up and merge with one another...

---

Davron suddenly snaps awake. "Sun, Moon, and Stars..." he murmurs to himself in wonder. For this is the solution; if one pilot alone cannot attune to the entire warstrider, then link more than one together, each attuned to their own part of the whole.

Setting the story-book aside, Davron rushes to his desk. Building a single machine from scratch isn't practical in the time he has available, but maybe he can use several existing warstriders. The principles of the Rathess airship/strider will be of use here, as well...

The sunrise peeps through the windows as Davron emerges from his design board. The idea is sound, but he will need some help to execute it. Not only for sheer extra pairs of hands, for his Artisan-mechs could supply those; it's become clear that although striders of jade and orichalcum can serve a role, only a warstrider of a particular Magical Material would have the flexibility, the malleability to serve as the core, the component that joins all the others together. And Davron does not possess the knowledge of working with moonsilver.

But he knows people who do.

---

Though Egress is monumentally busy with affairs of state, when she hears of Davron's plan, she finds time to send messages to the Silver Pact and Lookshy alike.

The Lunars are the first to arrive - Erisus, Non Valon, and Rabby, the latter's cat-ears quivering with excitement at the opportunity to pilot a strider into the great battle. Not long after, the Lookshy forces arrive as well, and as they dismount from their machines, Davron's eyes alight. "Ishka! Ireona! Well met!" he says, greeting each of the five Dragon-Blooded strider pilots in turn - men and women he remembers from the battle against the behemoth Cademius, Davron's first experience with a fighting force of several warstriders. Fitting, that they should meet again to fight together against even greater odds.

As Davron explains the plan, reactions are varied. Ishka is outright incredulous. "You've got to be kidding me! You can't make striders bend like that!" he exclaims. "Wanna bet?" smirks Rabby in response. Erisus does not respond - he is too busy marking up Davron's initial sketches, correcting the Solar's mistaken notions of how the moonsilver 'body' will mesh with the other five striders.

The coming days and weeks are arduous for all. By moonlight, Erisus and Non Valon are busy with making the modifications to the great silver machine to allow it to make union with the others, while Davron's Artisans tinker with the five jade striders and the _Pride of the Nation_ - now more than ever, Davron is glad of them, since they work while he sleeps, and he needs all the rest he can get.

For during the day, the seven pilots drill together; the Lookshy squadron is already experienced at working as a unit, but for the team to function as a unified whole, Rabby and Davron must be incorporated into their routine. Ireona is a stern taskmaster, and she and Rabby especially frequently lock horns as the Lunar Changing Moon balks at taking orders. And of course, all seven must re-learn how to pilot their machines, as every day they have been subtly or greatly altered by the previous night's refitting.

One morning, Davron awakens to an excited-looking golden mini-bot dancing upon his chest, bearing a note from Erisus: "The machines are ready for first test of Joining." "Well done," says Davron, patting his exuberant creation lightly upon its carapace, as he gets up to deliver the news to the rest of the team.

---

Deep within rooms flooded with water the story of the Ring of the Deliberative is told. Its creation and bearers are immortalized in friezes that adorn the walls of the sunken chambers of the tomb of the Hierophant. Sometimes a man holds it, sometimes a woman. The Ring itself is always etched into the stone and inlaid with orichalcum tracery. When it is viewed the Ring is a golden disc, and as the hours pass far above the room, the Caste Marks which adorn it begin to change and glow as their appointed hours wax and wane.

The story of the Ring is mostly told from the perspective of the life of its last bearer. Here and there glimpses of its past can be gleaned, from the depictions of molten orichalcum basking on an anvil in the deepest desert being forged by a hammer of sunlight itself, to the crowds that bow in awe of the Deliberative issuign edicts and ruling from atop the Blessed Isle.

And then there is the tale of how it must be earned. Only one who carries the blood of the Dragons, bears the Chop of Heaven and scars from Hell can in turn find the Ring. Pictures of the various poles... foreign and ancient in the older days of Creation, show the blood of the Five Elements. It is from here that Ramar begins his great journey.

This great journey unifies all of Creation in Ramar's mind. Now he has walked to the ends of Creation, past vast deserts and into mountains of fire and stone. Beyond them there is nothing but fire so hot that all color and light have been burned away. Here the fire seeks to consume him, and his body is sheathed in the flame, obscured by it as he travels to the Pole. Hands outstretch towards the fiery sky and begin to shape and direct the Essence. Fire wreathes his body, burning away the Essence that shields him... blood falls from his right palm, bursting into flame as each crimson drop leaves his hand. These he collects and keeps in a container of pure flame.

The pole of Air is next. Here ice and snow hinder his movement, and even the powerful Volo is eventually unable to continue. He must go on foot. And when there is no longer ground beneath his feet, no longer crystal or ice or snow... he breathes. It is the purest Air in all of Creation, the breath of the world itself flows through his lungs and bursts free with each exhalation. He holds a crystal vial in his hand, up to his mouth as the blood of Air passes into it. There is little he can remember after this, other than falling and the soft embrace of the snow as he wakens once more to the world.

The forests of the East stretch out ahead of Ramar now. The trees grow closer together until they seem to become as one. Leaves of every plant in Creation sprout here, and life blossoms... the air is fragrant with the pollen of many flowers and the trunks stretch out in all directions as far as the eye can see. Here, Ramar places his hand on an ancient knot and speaks the Name he had been taught in the East. The knot opens and sap begins to seep out as new life blossoms forth, heedless of its surroundings.

And finally, he returns to the West. His home. The volo goes beyond islands, to the place where sea and sky meet, where there are no waves, nothing to disturb the water... until he passes through it. The water ripples momentarily, and seems to freeze as the Solar reaches out to grasp droplets of the purest water. They run down his arm and seem to recoil from the wound given to him in the South, hissing and boiling... he collects these droplets, and travels back to Ranapura... now there is only one Pole to visit. The Blessed Isle. The Pole of Earth.

This will be the most difficult of all of his travels...

---

As night falls on the fifteenth day of Resplendent Water, a shadowy figure stands watching the rising tide. With the threat of war, all lights are ordered out with the setting of the sun, yet the harsh lines of the pier come into bitter focus with every burst of lightning. With the raging of the storm, few will notice the presence of a single person. None will be there to overhear the soft voice that whispers in the ear of the waiting figure seemingly innocuous words.

"It now begins."

With the next crashing of lightning, unseen by any, the figure has gone. The avalanche begins.

---

Throughout the Realm, in the deepening darkness the shadowed figures of the lost House briefly step into the light and then fade once more. These eager hands know the Realm's secrets inside and out, for they have carried out the will of its Empress since the name Iselsi was struck from all reckoning. With fortune, history will prove that they are doing so again. They shall be the first of the Realm to openly fight for the new Scarlet Empress.

Quietly the first deaths of the Civil War are scored. In Arjuf, Nishimo, and Tuchara the essence canons that line the coast are one by one quietly disabled, the manses that feed their blasts subtly damaged--for now, the effects cannot be felt. The bodies of guards are cunningly hidden. There are few as talented as the assassins of Iselsi.

In Pangu, blades are drawn and blood spills. Half a city is woken in the night by the explosive destruction of haze screens, and just as the terrified citizens draw back their curtains the firecasters that were a point of pride for centuries come alive. Too alive. Essence first flows, then surges through them, and in moments half a city is in flames, the population forced into a mad flight before their own stolen defenses destroy them.

Iselsi is not the only house that is alive this night. The port of Noble, held tightly in the grasp of House Ledaal, quietly welcomes a most curious pair of guests. The one, a woman with something of a stern, confident gleam in her eye, the other her attendant, a woman hunched over, her face hidden in the shadows of a deep hood. Not so much as an inch of her flesh can be seen. No questions are put to her, for she is a silent servant of her mistress, and it is on that powerful woman that all eyes rest.

Some 1800 miles away, another silent figure floats up the beaches of Arjuf, its form barely perceptable to even the most gifted as it does not walk from shadow to shadow, but flows through them, paying no mind at all to the intervening space. One by one this stranger reaches out of the shadows, and one by one the guardians of one of a Mnemon prison-fortress fall. Hesitating by a door of jade, the shade bends its will against the resistance of a lock, which falls silently open. As the door swings wide, a young woman inside rises with clenched fists.

"My name is Yana, V'neef Aliset. If you wish to live, we must get you away from here now."

---

Far away from the Realm, the armies of the Celestial Deliberative are marhsalled. Enormous barges are wound together under the cover of darkness. The large wooden planks that make up their shapes have served for the past months as the walls of border fortresses and the lengths of bridges. The subterfuge has all been done under the watchful eye of the Lunar Elders, for whom changing shapes and purposes come so naturally. One by one the pegs are knocked out of these walls. One by one bridges are destroyed and battle lines strengthened. The Deathlords shall not find the Celestial Deliberative unprepared. There will be no surprise attacks. This night belongs to the Celestials.

Thousands upon thousands of soldiers are sent flying to the east upon these barges. Solar and Lunar sorcerors alike grant to the forms the gift of flight, and in the skies elementals of the air and water enshroud them in impenetrable cloud cover and on the ground a rolling fog clings, masking the motions of the Nation of the Sun's forces and that of the barbarian tribes.

More than men are sent, for great gear of war has been prepared. The power of Lookshy is revealed, and seeing that the Nation has not held back, they too are inspired. They have put no greater force to a distant war before. Only the most essential of forces are to be held back.

The very air seems energized. The nature of change may be cloaked, but even in the most distant of rural cities men and women toss restlessly in their beds, unable to comprehend or control the thrill of excitement that flows through them with every beat of their hearts.

---

"There shall be no peace this night!" barks out General Dace. "Up, up! Raise swords!" The man's face is set, his jaw like stone as he surveys the map rolled out in front of him from his cabin aboard the Lookshy flagship, The Unbreakable. "Let's screw this little bitch until her legs fall off," he growls under his breath. Before him, every division arrayed against him is clear. He can see the defenses of the Imperial City. He knows that no mortal could hope to win this fight. Never for one second does he doubt victory. His confides rolls out in waves, and in every man it is mirrored. This is a cause worth fighting for.

From the first this battle is one of holding on for dear life. The taking of the eastern shore costs thousands their lives, nearly a quarter of Dace's forces destroyed in half an hour. Yet it is taken, and the Realm forces loyal to Mnemon are bashed back. The enemy's moral is high, for they have heard that from the south the Houses of Ledaal and Cathak are sending legions, having already faced forces of Anathema on their own doors. Above all, they know the capital must not fall.

Still, there are some very bizarre reports, and so Mnemon positions her forces with care. There are too many whispers of strangers in the south, of unkempt men and women dressed as savages moving along the roads. Though they may try to conceal themselves, a force of thousands is no easy thing to hide. Fortunately it is a night of madness, and when the clouds break, it is to a blood red sickle moon. Mars glows brightly, and near her draws Saturn. It is a night of death and rebirth.

MOst troubling of all is the silence from the allies of Mnemon. The power of House Cynis seems to be paralyzed, and indeed its greater families spend most of this night in terror, finding so many of their own slain in their beds. Fear binds them in place as strongly as any chain. The House of Iselsi avenges itself without remorse, and though many of its own shall die this night, they never hesitate.

Still, there are set-backs, as Sesus forces near the Imperial City manage to arrive in the darkness, untroubled by the attempts to harry and delay them. The forced march has cost them their supply train, but once they have reached the city proper, there will be no lack. The power of this House of Fire is thrown at General Dace with little warning. Soon he finds himself staring down at a draconian defensive line reinforced by over one hundred warstriders. Still, there is one force that has been held in reserve. There is one weapon he has yet to call upon that may turn this battle around.

"Davron, Non Valon, Ireona," Dace says flatly. "Destroy them."

_Pride of the Nation_ marches up behind Dace's battle lines, followed by six other warstriders marching in close formation. Even amidst the noise, the ground reverberates as their seven footfalls land in unison, one after the other.

As they approach the center of the formation, the seven great machines stop walking, still in perfect synchrony, their oddly altered shapes causing some puzzlement amongst those familiar with warstriders' traditional forms. _We've trained for this,_ Davron thinks, _and now let's get it right when it matters..._ The _Pride_ raises its right hand skyward, and the Solar's voice rings in the orichalcum confines of the pilot's chamber: "Rebirth Squadron! Colossal Joining... Now!"

At his words, the team springs into action. The warstriders of green and black jade drop to their knees, their heels locking into place behind their hips and their knees locking together. Their arms reach up for the sky, locking together as well. "Left leg, Joined!" "Right leg, Joined!"

At the same time, the moonsilver warstrider's legs bunch beneath it, and Rabby vaults backward into the air with her characteristic feline grace. As the "legs" complete their transformation, the silver strider lands gracefully upon their shoulders... and then the strider's legs melt and shimmer, moonsilver flowing forward and around green and black, clasping tightly. "Backbone, Joined!"

The element of Earth does not find it so easy to leap into the air. The _Pride_ does an about face, and drops to a kneeling position, and Ireona's white strider steps one foot forward into its cupped hands and drops into a crouch of its own. Orichalcum and white jade uncoil, using their great might together, and the strider of Earth is flung upward, into Rabby's waiting arms. Once again, tendrils of moonsilver snake forward, around the Earth strider's chest and legs and arms , moving in pre-prepared docking grooves, and then linking together into immovable silver bars that strap the white-jade machine into place. "Breastplate, Joined!"

Fire and Air lend themselves better to being airborne. Springing into the air with an ease that belies their considerable mass, they take the outstretched hands of Ireona's strider, and are tossed even higher. As the red and blue shapes arch up outward, their legs fuse together as well, and they begin to fall...

"Right arm, Joined!" calls the blue-jade pilot's voice. And here, there is almost a mishap - in addition to preparing for union as one of the body's arms, Ishka's red strider must also form the giant's great bow, stretching a behemoth's mighty sinew between his locked gauntlets until he can lock the strider's arms in place. Performing this tremendous feat of strength, as well as preparing the strider for union, is almost more than he can handle at once. It is only by way of Rabby's lightning-quick reflexes that the red-jade titan is caught and held in place, as with an echoing click Ishka's arms lock into an arching curve, the sinew twanging between his hands. "Nngh... Left arm, Joined!"

There is a final secret of Moonsilver lore which Erisus did not permit Davron to learn, one which the Lunars alone insist on control over. That hidden secret is what will allow the Moonsilver to shape itself, keeping Davron's creation together once it has been assembled. Without this, the juggernaut could survive scant seconds. And even now, as Erisus watches the proceedings via his scrying, a smile comes to his face. He gestures at Luluri, the Southern No Moon, who holds in her hands a hexagonal key of moonsilver suspended over a brimming bowl of blessed water. "Luna's Blessing is given," he commands firmly. Luluri nods, plunging the key into the water, watching as the liquid forms itself perfectly around the shape of the key. "Go, warriors," she whispers, as Essence surges through the arcane connection and into the almost-completed creation.

Now at last it is Davron's turn. Leaping upward, he lands lightly between the arms of the nearly-complete composite, and their strength combines with his to toss the golden war machine high into the air. As Davron tumbles, he curls up into a ball, arms and legs locking around him... and as his limbs lock into place, the strange flanges and grooves upon them resolve themselves into the masked face of a mighty samurai.

Even as the _Pride_ falls toward the partially-formed titan, the power of the Moon's blessing surges into the moonsilver warstrider, lending it flexibility far beyond even the usual bounds of this most mutable of Magical Materials. The strider's head shifts, spirals up, and nimbly catches the _Pride_ in mid-air, drawing it down to rest between the mighty shoulders, and snaking its tendrils to grasp it tightly.

The seven machines now move as one, and the completed uber-Strider raises its arms into the air, and takes one thundering step forward. In perfect unison, all seven pilots cry out, their voices amplified by the powerful magic surging through the completed whole: "Joining Complete! Colossus Is Born!"

The Realm's forces are taken aback at first, as the fifty-foot Colossus advances upon them, raising its right hand to its bow-arm's string, but they are not daunted. Not yet - for they still outnumber their foe fourteen to one. The striders of the Realm charge forward... the hillside shaking with their advance... and then Colossus attacks. A gleaming golden shaft is drawn along its arm, and the Essence arrow flies through the air, spearing straight through one of the Realm striders and hurling it back. The Essence dissolves, and the once-mighty Realm war engine moves no more, a gaping hole ripped through its chest.

One after the other, Colossus decimates the Realm's striders with its impossible might. A talon of Realm archers forms up to return fire, but their tree-trunk arrows bounce off the multi-hued carapace to little effect, before they are silenced by Solar force. But even with Colossus' incredible firepower, it cannot defeat the sheer number of Realm soldiers before they can close to hand-to-hand range.

Davron's attentions are now devoted to avoiding the multitude's many blows with sword and mace, some of steel, some few of jade alloy. The task of returning the attack now falls to Davron's allies, and he and Ishka yield control of the mighty war machine to the others. Mighty sweeps of arm and foot cut through the masses of Realm striders like a scythe through grain. For there is more to Colossus than sheer size; the seven pilots contribute not only their anima, but their own unique skills, giving the Joined machine the ability to fight on almost any terms.

And most of all, the five doughty soldiers of Lookshy join their souls together in battle, as they have trained to do, and as the Dragon-Blooded are most adept at doing. Their Realm opponents likewise fight in teams of their own, but they do not have Celestial might lending strength to their unity, and though they manage to scar Colossus' armor and damage its limbs, every attack on Colossus' joints fails, as the Luna-blessed moonsilver flows back together with every attack. And when one Realm unit works together to launch one of their number at Colossus' head, its attack bounces off to no effect, the force deflected not only by orichalcum armor but Davron's Twilight anima.

Yet even with this power the city is not overthrown. The strength of Imperial City has yet to be exhausted, and though its forces are falling back, they are not routed. In the lightening sky of morning the last surprises of the capital are revealed, as the demon slaves of Mnemon are sent forward to shore-up the lines. The pilots of Collosus soon find themselves facing demons of the second circle, and the darkness gathers, and all about them the heroes of the Nation are bashed back, and the lines of the Realm surge forward with renewed energy. In the distance a loud roaring builds even as their confidence grows. It is the sound of House Ledaal's and House Cathak's Legions arriving at last.

---

With the chaos of battle and the unleashing of terrifying new weapons, it is little wonder that a lone figure can slip away from the melee. Ramar walks alone, humbly, wearing pilgrim's clothes. So adorned he travels towards the Blessed Mountain. With the state of disarray the Realm is currently in... reaching the Mountain is the easy part. It is vast and approachable from many sides... however, the problem of scaling the mountain itself lies before him.

This daunting task must be done alone, with neither volo nor airship to aid his ascent. In the distance light flashes and thunder roars. _It is as though battle rages across Creation in its entirety..._ The air grows still, and everything seems caught between the clap of thunder and flash of lightning. Essence hangs in the air, and gathers around Ramar as he places his hands on the mountain. Through the stone of the sacred mountain, he can feel the resonance of all things that walk upon the Earth, of the beings that live deep within it, and the absence of those who walk above it.

The Solar begins to walk and then to climb. As he begins his slow ascent he also begins to realize the folly of coming alone. The distance ahead of him would be no easy feat if it were straight ahead, but it is compounded by the fact that he must ascend. From nearby there is laughter. Deep stony laughter. _It has been ages since one of you has tried to climb upon these stones, Prince of Earth, let alone me._ Ramar looks about, and finds that the rocks he had placed his hands in now seem to have changed without having moved really... now somehow they do not so much resemble rocks as a pair of claws. There's a soft insinuation of stone against earth as a long body snakes its way free. Dust-covered wings, or perhaps they are made of dust, unfurl.

In the distance Essence flares and burns. _There is scarce enough time as it is, you should tell me why you have come._ Ramar explains the purpose of his journey so far, and what he seeks at the pinnacle. _I see. I will help you Prince. Though even in flight we would be delayed in getting there... so, focus your mind if you can._ The dragon's voice is rocks falling, crashing into one another. _Feel the world around you begin to grow still, perfectly still. Feel the weight of the world solidify. Find the stability of Earth within your mind..._ And under the dragon's guidance, Ramar's mind becomes as Earthen as the mountain. Thus Sympathy is created and the shortcut can be opened...

With a single step Ramar ascends several hundred miles. And with each step there is a pause as he is guided into a deeper trance, until he is as unfeeling and still as stone. Then, and only then does he reach the pinnacle. The touch of sunlight upon his face erodes the stillness of the Earth, and air once again flows through his body. Life. He opens his eyes and looks out from the top of Creation. The final pole has at last been reached.

Far beneath him the world seems so small. So distant... and yet at the same time he has never felt more connected with the world. Here above the world he can begin to see how the minute details of life add up to larger and larger things, even if only for a moment. He kneels down and utters three oblations. These words have not been spoken since the Usurpation. These words had only been recorded because some were too afraid of what might happen should they be lost. These words cut deep into the Earth beneath his feet. He reaches into the mountain where shards of stone slash his arm and the stone folds in around his hand. He takes three breaths, then waits patiently without breathing or blinking for what seems like an eternity. At last, he withdraws his hand. It is unharmed, though in his fist he holds three pieces... no, three drops of stone.

Nearby, a man is sitting on a stone outcropping. One of his four hands holds a pipe-stem, and a steady stream of smoke rises from the pipe. The other three are relaxed, clasping both knees and scratching his chin. He is armored, and his breath is a visible cloud in this chill, thin air. "Sit down for a bit, traveler," the Unconquered Sun suggests.

There's really nothing else to be done or said. Ramar nods, awestruck, and takes a seat on the outcropping.

"You come out too, troublemaker," Helios says sternly. From behind another rock, a little girl - Nephilim, from Ramar's dreams - appears, pouting. She marches up with all the defiance of a child, only to hang her head as she stops. "Yes, daddy," she says, meekly, then winks at Ramar.

"I didn't realize I'd been followed..." Ramar is surprised at the appearance of Nephilim. He looks between the girl and Helios, and settles back on the rock. "Wow..." And here, he shows he's finally learned from the Master how to put an entire statment into just three letters.

Helios chuckles quietly. "You've been keeping busy, Ramar," he says with a smile. "In the past few years, you've traveled greatly on the road of life. Now, you join the warriors who even now fight on the plain." He withdraws the pipe from his mouth and uses the stem, pointing down the Imperial Mountain. "How do you feel about it?"

Ramar thinks on this a moment, and smiles. "I feel good about it. I've done so much... and helped my friends to do so much... when you stop and think of all the things we've done... it's hard to believe... it seems like just moments ago we were puzzling out what was going on with Syllum and Korad. I feel my travels have been worthwhile."

The god nods. "And has she been useful to you?" he asks, only to be cut off abruptly by Nephilim. "He hasn't talked to me enough!" she whines, stamping one foot on the rocky surface. Helios clucks his tongue, looking at Ramar.

"She has been," answers Ramar, and then he addresses Nephilim, "Even if I haven't talked to you enough..." He pauses, "The idea, the inspiration to go out and create great wonders has been... well I think that without that happening, I'd not be where I am right now."

The girl brightens immediately, twirling around in a joyful dance. The Unconquered Sun smiles again. "She is as much a weapon against the darkness as you are, Ramar. Call on her for whatever you need. Your true power is not what you can do alone, but what you can do together." With that wisdom imparted, Helios stands up and taps on his pipe, disposing of the ashes. "Now, would you like a ride?"

"Thank you... I'll remember that." Ramar can't help but chuckle as Nephilim twirls... he nods, and stands up. "Yes... I'd like a ride..."

The Unconquered Sun draws near. The cold of the mountaintop fades to a comforting warmth as he approaches. Grabbing Ramar forcibly with two hands, the god lets out a loud battle-cry. With unimaginable force he hurls Ramar aloft - upward, straight up. The Imperial Mountain disappears below him. Clouds drop past him at a dizzying rate. Seconds pass, and the Solar feels like the tearing wind will pull his face from his skull.

In the distance he sees something looming. His body begins to slow, and at the very apex of his flight he crests a platform. Nor does he fall - but rather, at the moment where the pull of the Earth regains its power despite the Sun's mighty throw, Ramar lands gently on one of the platforms leading to the Celestial City of Yu-Shan. He has been thrown to Heaven.