Two airships sail serenely out of the Nexus harbor, after a thorough search of both vessels for unexpected booby-traps, ambushes or missing supplies. Only two casks of wine are found missing - a "dock tax" that the Solars can't bring themselves to feel as a great loss. Rabby is staying in Nexus for the time, and promises Chi-Yosh that the Maze Forest's elementals will be able to reach him nonetheless. In trade, Non Valon has joined the Solar group. The steersman who piloted Valon and Gallius to the edge of the world and beyond will take one of the airships back to the Lunar's territory, while the other sails north, skirting the coastline and then crossing the vast Inner Sea.

The earliest parts of the voyage take almost no time at all, as sea-going times are measured; without a dependence on wind or rowers, the craft and its First Age engine swiftly dart over the water like a water-strider. They pass Lookshy, with its distant gleaming turrets and impregnable, enigmatic defenses; Port Calin, sparkling jewel of the Inner Sea; and the numerous fishing villages on either side of it. The vessel turns north and attains the sky again, drawing on its full power as it streaks over the ocean. Ramar and Davron take turns steering, while Gallius and the ship's charts are responsible for navigation.

"Ahhh. The open skies. It's good to take to them once more." Ramar has been grinning broadly ever since setting foot aboard the sky-going vessel. "I hope everyone brought blankets and such... it's going to get a bit chilly where we're headed. Just a little though."

Davron bows graciously, if a little more ostentatiously than necessary, as Ramar takes over the helm. "I'll go and check," he remarks, grinning. He's more chipper than he's been in weeks, for obvious reasons. "If we haven't, do you want to go back and get some? I'm sure they've got great deals in Nexus."

For three turnings of the Sun in his sky the vessel has moved, and always, wary eyes have turned left to look over the railing or through a porthole, seeking past the unending sea for a sign of the Blessed Isle. To see it would be disastrous, for there's no telling who'd see them in return. The whistling wind of Resplendent Air gives way to the first day of Descending Air, where the gales of northern wind begin to relent. Nevertheless, the party remains bundled up in furs, especially as they draw nearer the Northern Threshold. Gallius recognizes the coastline, and directs the two pilots accordingly. It's an easy matter to levitate the boat beside the cave mouth, which opens directly out onto the Inner Sea.

Chi-Yosh, as the vessel grows closer to the white caps of the North, finds himself sitting in the rigging once more. When the hours of the day stretch on and the Exalts aboard drift to solitude, the Su'Katan has found himself peering over the horizon at the water below. Steadily he is reminded of his future quest for Azel as her champion, and he finds himself once or twice recalling the connection to Heavenly Aspect of Water. Soon, he will seek her out, for a trip to Korad and to the home of Patient Mantis is in order. But his mind blossoms, pondering the purpose of water, the meaning behind it. Yet when drawing close to the Northern shore, an Archipelago catches his eye, curved inwards, like a scythe.

The thoungh bubblse to his mind, for a moment the flexible power of the element flowing in, over, through his hand, wicked keen yet still as mallable as steel. The idea is a seed that begins to grow minute by minute, and finally, the Dawn climbs down, seeking Davron, the maker of wonders.

Davron is poring over the Syllum copy of the White Treatise as Chi-Yosh knocks on his cabin's door. "Come in," he calls, smiling at Chi-Yosh opens the door. "What's on your mind?"

"Smithing." It takes a moment to collect the right words. Chi-Yosh puts forth, "Can you craft items from the elements? Not just stone or wood, but from fire or air?"

Davron's eyes widen. "From the elements?" he repeats, seeming bewildered at first. Then, he leans back, rubbing his chin. "It _can_ be done. We all saw the elemental sculptures in Yu-Shan, during the Carnival. As to whether I, _personally_ can do it..." He looks up at Chi-Yosh and grins. "Not _yet_. What did you have in mind?"

Chi-Yosh has no paper on hand, but no matter. Taking a cup from the table, he clears it of books and carefully tips the glass until the contents bubble up on the very edge. With delicate precision he lets the droplets trickle down, tilting them into a curve, then downwards, leaving a puddle of water in the form of his weapon. "That. But much bigger."

Davron nods slowly. "From water, then..." He chuckles. "Water isn't known for being able to hold an edge well. Which makes it harder." He remembers something he was told recently. "But not impossible. Nothing's impossible."

Meanwhile, a careful jump suffices to leave the airship behind, and Gallius ventures into the cave, bearing a torch with her. It gutters and flickers for a few moments, but the flame again grows peaceful. She ventures inward, her feet falling among dust and memories, as they tread the path of the bygone ages. Here it is, she realizes, and squats down, holding the lit torch closer. A scrawling can be seen. It's an outline of streets, and fountains, and details, showing segments of a city. A city whose name she remembers, as if out of a dream: Ruanon, to the south, on the Blessed Isle. A place where boys became men, in the elder time. The Cave of Songs - for that is its name - was the place where boys stayed boys, in the summer months when the family came north and let their progeny explore under the watchful eyes of the family's servitor spirits. The place she seeks is on the Blessed Isle.

While the others plan, Ramar and Davron take their turns again, steering their stolen craft through the cold skies of the North. The wind turns icy and icier still, and the Solars are reduced to maintaining shielded open flame on the top deck. Even Valon, who now wears his primate's skin, can be seen to shiver when he's forced to be out in the open. Two days pass. Finally, the traveler points out the way - a niche in the forbidding mountain range, through which Davron expertly steers as Ramar calls out directions from the prow. The vessel sinks lower and lower, approaching its goal despite the howling winds that barrel through the passes and between the peaks.

Icy winds howl around the ship, and what once was green and blue beneath the graceful movements of the airship is now white and grey. As the ship travels through the narrow passage, a massive gated wall awaits them. They sail over it and set down in the courtyard of what must be a Manse. The tallest part of the building stretches towards the heavens and reaches back towards the mountain that lies on either side. "This is my home. At least up here where the world is ice and snow." The Solar disembarks, and heads in through ice-covered marble gates.

There is a particularly wide room in this Manse, bedecked with lines that run the length of the walls and trace paths throughout the floor. Sigils interrupt these lines every so often. Armed with a better understanding of the hidden secrets of Creation, Ramar deciphers them, begisn to comprehend their meanings. They are tracings of the paths of the Celestial Bodies as they wheel through the skies. Here and there these sigils designate old forgotten places the Sun used to smile upon.

There is one such place about a day's worth of travel into the stony mountain. The depths have been carved out over time by something terrible and massive. Caverns open up and fill the sky as far as the eye can see... even as Ramar disappears further and further into the Mountain's heart. There is a light in the depths of the mountain. A pillar of sunlight let in through a crack in the roof. Ramar stands in its center, waiting, calling out to those who guard this place. His Caste Mark glows, matching the pillar of light, and the mountain yawns. A great rocky head raises up out of the ground, and Ramar converses with it for a time.

Glowing runes signifying the Celestial Oath trace themselves in the air. These words bind themselves to both Solar and Stone, and it is thus that Ramar comes out of the mountain with company. A great stone being whose shape is that of the Earth accompanies the Prince of Earth to the Manse's central chamber. He sits atop a winged throne of crystal and marble, surrounded briefly by a ring of snow and wind. Ramar relates the tales of his Circle's deeds, and leaves the walking mountain to the protection of the Manse. "I am afraid I may be gone for a while, but I shall return." And so with a parting gift of Essence, the Solar leaves his throne, leaves the halls of his Manse, to take to the skies once more. He smiles, "It was good to find home once more."

---

The airship heads south, and the refreshing sea-breezes blow once again on eager faces. Despite the temperature, everybody has coped well, and only a few limbs are at all stiff. Ramar busies himself preparing the paperwork that will permit the harborage of the airship in the ports of the Blessed Realm; Davron studies the maps, and remembers something about the "River of Heaven", the Manse-construction guide, that a copy was found under one of the rivers on the island. Chi-Yosh, with his patient and placid mind, studies the approaches of the airship to the isle and makes a few cogent suggestions for a course that minimizes unwanted detection. And with all this done, the vessel alights in the water near the port, and sails to a stop.

"Leave this to me," winks Valon, nonchalantly, as the ship drifts toward the harbor. He changes shape, adopting the manner and mein of a stern-looking woman dressed in the robes of a Realm herald or mistress of protocol. "Right," she says, and scoops up Ramar's forgeries. She trots down the gangplank, meeting the distressed harbormaster and his associates. From there a thick layer of twisted words and subtly loaded falsehoods proceeds almost nonstop from the disguised Lunar's mouth. The harbormaster shakes his head in confusion as he reads over the paperwork; whoever's on board is certainly a person of august position, and he has no choice but to comply.

The city of Ruanon is but a shadow of its former self. Yet Gallius knows where she is going, guided now by memories that are not entirely her own. Her wanderings take her to an old house, where she knocks upon the door.

Slowly is the door opened by an old man, who squints as he studies the proud woman who stands before him. He runs a hand through the remnants of his hair, little more than a light fuzz over the pale dome of his head.

"What can I do for ye?" he asks. "Who is that, Aalan?" calls out another voice, a woman's, and aged just as the man's.

"My name is Gallius, and I wished to come see this old home," answers the lady. She smiles, "I remember it well, many summers ago we were here. I do not wish to intrude, but perhaps I might be able to have a look around your fine home for a moment? I would be honored to offer you a token of my gratitude. There is something I am looking for, old and forgotten."

The offer makes the old man suspicious at first, but then he snaps his fingers. "Ahh, you must be from House Ledaal!" he says. "Come in, come in! You may look at anything you want, and if there's something here that was yours, my Lady, well, don't you trouble over it! We've kept everything here as safe as we could. We don't forget kindness, not at all!"

Gallius smiles warmly, "I am grateful for your care, sir. I will try not to take up too much of your time." And Gallius needs little time. She seeks the cellar, and there, beneath the soil, she uncovers the Ophicleide of Jyamis, forged in ages past. She smiles as she draws it out. The old man watching her raises his eyebrows, "Well, I'd have never thought.." he murmurs.

After finding what she seeks, Gallius makes to depart, but the couple will have none of it. They insist that she stay to break bread with them, and so she does. After the merry meal, Gallius presents a gifts to her hostess, a finely crafted bowl she bought just hours earlier. With kind words she makes her way back to the airship. To her friends she says only, "I have found what I sought. We should leave now."

---

"So where do we go from here?" Ramar nods to Gallius, "I know you have a desire to go and take car of things in the Hundred Kingdoms, to prepare for Harborhead." Ramar then turns to Chi-Yosh, "And I'm sure you know I wish to find that Fortress that simply disappeared..." He pauses thoughtfully, staring out over the great blue sea. "Perhaps there is something within that Fortress that will aid us in our travels, and perhaps even aid you in your dealings with Harborhead. If we can spare a day or two, it might be interesting to check out."

Gallius is busy cleaning the instrument she uncovered when her thoughts are rather abruptly interrupted. "Hmmm?" is her answer. "By 'take care of things' I assume you mean my plan to relieve tyrants of their crowns." She frowns thoughtfully and sighs. "I go to Bridal Veil. It will not take long, and it will not be very subtle. The leadership is corrupt, and the people yearn for freedom."

Ramar considers this. "Very well then. Do you require any aid? If this place is corrupt and it's people need a relief from the tyrant in charge... I for one am glad to help. If such help is needed."

"The Fortress lingers somewhere, and it can linger still for some time. Let our passage be a rolling tide of liberation for those who need us the most," offers Chi-Yosh.

Davron nods, and smiles wryly. "You know how I feel about those who use others for their own ends, Gallius. There are so many such people beyond our reach as yet... but if you tell me there are some that are not, then you surely have my support."

"As for what I require, I will not know until I arrive," says Gallius. "I will waste no time, however. This is not a negotiation, it is an overthrow. Those who treat their people like worms will be treated accordingly. By their own deeds they will be judged, and by their own people." She smiles as she hears from Davron. "Then we will go together, and my destiny shall at last reveal itself."

Gallius adds softly, "Some of the slavers from Greyfalls whom you have destroyed were from Bridal Veil, as you well know. I have learned recently that they were servants of the monarch, and his own coffers were to prosper from this trade of lives. It should not shock you when I tell you that when we depose this ruler he or she will not be pardoned." A light way to say executed, clearly.

Davron's hand clenches into a fist, and his eyes glint as his expression hardens. "Is that so," he says in a tone of quiet menace. "Then I will welcome the opportunity to discuss the matter with the monarch." It's clear, in his turn, that he intends the discussion to be brief... and to the point.

Ramar nods, slowly. "I imagine then that we are to be visiting him shortly." He sighs, then leans back in his seat. "So what is the rest of your plan, Lady Gallius?"

Gallius nods to Davron. "Like I said, the justice shall be called for by the people, but they will not spare this ruler," she says. "After that, we will set things to right and, if it is my time, I shall be revealed quite clearly. Past that, I will prepare men to defend that place. I shall then go to a high place and meditate. I need to know better the way that lies ahead. Time must be sacrificed in this respect. Before this, I will seek an audience with Weeping Prowler and whatever Lunars will come to listen to Ma-Ha-Suchi."

"I hope to convince them to aid his efforts in Harborhead. And I will restrain Ma-Ha-Suchi's harsh nature in order to forge a new world that shall please him and the people there, as well," says Gallius. "If we succeed, than the danger increases. The Realm will know of us. They likely will know at least my name soon, and my place of birth, as well. I hope my father will be safe, but we must do what we must do. This effort is to create a new world, a place where men are able to become the noble creatures that Helios wishes them to be, and strong people, who do not hide from nature, but live as part of it. That is my purpose."

"Then we shall aid you as best as we can Lady Gallius. As long as you know that your purpose is not the only purpose that lies within the Circle's destinies. There are those of us who wish to bring about other changes to the world, but this is a noble goal, and it seems fitting for you Lady Gallius." Ramar smiles, and bows his head. "Then I believe my task is clear now, for the next little while... I shall fly us to Bridal Veil."

Chi-Yosh digests this news with a solemn approval. The clensing light they bring will be more than victory, but an end an a beginning. A new dawn. Yet, the warrior's mind is not on the coming skirmish, but afterwards. Once the corruption is removed, something better must be placed. Once he had heard a tale of a King who was chosen not by lineage, but because he had spent seven years overseeing and constructing roads of the kingdom, not once in that time setting foot on his doorstep. A person of good moral calibur can be chosen to rule in their stead, someone not wise in the way of words, but of honor and moral fiber. But this deserves more thought before he brings it to Gallius.

---

Coming to Bridal Veil, Gallius' mind is a storm of planning. These people are different than her own, she imagines, but all men in their hearts respond to the same things, no matter how oppressed. The Lady will have the airship settled far enough from the city to be unnoticed. Or so she plans, at least. She slips onto Jin-nu's back and calls upon the powers that resonate in her veins and winds about her a passion for freedom, a joy.

The Lady's preparations include a considerable amount of work. She carefully arranges her hair and dresses as richly as possible. Her armor is an odd addition, perhaps, but she feels that some propriety is needed. Yet even that is fine work, and she comes wearing signs of nobility and royalty.

Jin-nu moves at an easy walk, so that the circle can easily keep up, arranged carefully in a procession of honor. The sight of a wylding horse and a woman likewise changed in the wyld begins to draw attention. And this is when Gallius uses her voice and sings, her words starting soft, barely audible, yet potent nonetheless. The song rises, singing of the glorious past and the fall, and the bitterness of oppression that currently lays over this land. Again and again, though, it hints that these things are of the past. A change is coming. Some may resist the joy of the song that conjures images of glory that shall be, but many more step away from their homes, eyes wide with wonder. And one by one they fall into the procession, unsure of what is going to happen, but moved in some part of them that can never be utterly broken. She leads them to the keep of their tyrant lord.

When the door of the keep is reached, the Lady slips from the back of Jin-nu and turns to her companions, awaiting their aid in forcing a way inside.

Davron nods to Gallius, then strides forward and pounds on the door, calling out in a ringing voice, "The kinsman of Willow of Arzus demands an audience!" From inside, there is a brief pause, then a guard inside snaps, "Never 'eard of 'er. Push off!" It is the response Davron is expecting, and he responds. "I didn't think so. You care nothing of the lives your rulers destroy, do you. Well, you'll soon care about this one!"

As he was speaking, he has been studying the gates with the practiced eye of the seasoned craftsman. Good construction, they are... or were, perhaps, long ago; but in honesty, they're overdue for maintenance. Which suits Davron just fine. As he calls out the final challenge, he lifts the hammer from his belt and, calling upon his divine heritage, swings with all his might at the weakest point. As if the small hammer was a mighty siege engine, the door flies open with a loud crash and a flurry of splintering wood. A steel beam that had once reinforced the door clatters to the ground, and the Circle strides forward through the sundered gateway.

Beyond the courtyard, within the grand hall of the capital, Low Mountain the Boulder stands in the way, chains of earth jade like craggy stone hold from her shoulders, waist and bracers. A brilliance of power crashes the air, stinking of rent soil. Essence draws in from all directions like an invisible current caressing under the skin, converging towards the Dragon-Blooded. At first it seems shaodws are forming, but light reflects off the gathering force of obsidian. And in one instant they are there, a cloud of butterflies tinged through with the colors of gem and jade, winges' edges gleaming with murderous intent before as one they move.

Grabbing a shield from some grand armor beside him as the Circle scatters, Chi-Yosh runs like the wind. The butterflies are a hailstorm against the wide shield which bobs with the Solar's ducks, weaves and hops to avoid the deadly rain. The path is curved, circling from the swarm's path and diving forward for the chamber's wall, and leaps. Feet are there for a mere moment before like an essence-blasted comet he explodes towards the Dragon-Blooded, shield raised poised a gouged and torn battering ram.

Barbed hooks rake and catch the holes of the shield. Mighty stone muscles wrench the shield away, exposing the snapping foot that meets the Dragon-Blessed's throat, pain and shock slowing Low Mountain as the Su'Katan's momentum carries him over her. Chains whip around, and meet a shriek of steel as the inner curve of a kama catch them, winding them around and flinging wide, followed by the point of the Dawn's weapon poised at her throat. Even great mountains, in time, are worn by the ages, and the winds of defeat wear down Low Mountain. Dust settles as the two stare long, before shoulders sag, a nod of surrender.

And then the archers come. Three dozen of them. Their bowstrings sing a deadly aria as arrows are unleashed. As the first arrow strikes the soft dirt, Ramar has already pushed off of the ground, and then off of the feathered end of the arrow. He spins, letting arrows flow past his body as he dashes between them, using the projectiles to bridge the gap between him and the archers. His sword flashes through the air, leaving the twang of six snapped bowstrings to end the song.

As Ramar finishes his cut, there is a twist of the sword, sending the bow flying into the foot of another archer just as he prepares to let loose an arrow. The arrow soars wildly off target, ricocheting off of the stone wall, and back into the forehead of his companion. As this happens Ramar runs across the tops of another dozen longbows, his sword flicking down to sever the tip of each temporary perch as he pushes off of the end bow, turning towards the remaining half of the archers.

They are ready though. And a dozen and a half arrows sail through the air, and a few manage to find their marks. Blood trickles slowly out from the arrows Ramar has sprouted, but he pays them no mind for the time being. Instead the Solar kicks a spray of dust into the eyes of one of the archers, then uses the flat of his sword to take hold of the bow-arm and with it he manages to knock aside the remaining bows, hooking them with the tip of the curved bow and tugging. He turns then, kicking his captive aside as he faces the archers with sword drawn. "There will be no more shooting..." he informs.

The few remaining palace sentries have barely cleared their swords from scabbards; they've had no chance to really make formation, nor to find a way to cope with the four men and women who've blown like devil-winds through the mountain passes and into the sanctum of the autocrat. Stymied, torn between honor and sense, these children of mortal man cast down their weapons and withdraw.

Davron nods to his Circlemates and strides past the stricken guardsmen toward the throne room, his own bow in one hand and the hammer in the other. A few especially brave or foolhardy guards seek to bar his way, and Davron is obliged to step over their feather-shafted corpses to reach the throne room door. Though sturdy enough in its own right, that door was never meant to stand up to siege weaponry as the outer gate was, and so meets its end even sooner than its brother.

The commotion has not escaped the attention of the monarch's bodyguards, of course. Four of them stand ready, weapons drawn, and as soon as the door is flung back on its hinges, revealing Davron with five arrows nocked to the bow, they charge him... for about two steps. For that is all the time Davron requires to let the arrows fly, and all four collapse to the ground. The fifth arrow? Quivering in the wood of the throne a fraction of an inch to the right of the king's throat. Thunderstruck, the erstwhile lord can only stand agape as Davron nocks a sixth arrow, and can only obey as the archer speaks a single word: "Come."

The thunderstruck autocrat babbles, whimpering prayers and uttering shrieking pleas to the gods, the spirits, and to his Exalted champion. All in vain.

Gallius moves through all this without wavering. First she is protected by Chi-Yosh, then Ramar, and finally Davron, but she lifts no finger, trusting in her friends completely. She waits for the king to be brought forward and then gestures for him to be lead out before his people, who still linger, more than a little awestruck, in front of the keep.

Her voice rises again, empowered by essence. On her brow the emblem of the Zenith Caste bursts into life and the lady speaks, "I am Lady Gallius Leom, Zenith Caste of the Unconquered Sun. In the name of Helios my Circle has come to deliver you from the hands of the tyrant. Shall he be given judgement this day?" As one their voices rise, calling for justice, proclaiming their suffering at his hands. Seeing their will, Gallius says, "May mercy find you in the next world, for justice has found you here." She nods to Davron, then.

Davron nods to the crowd, and draws back the arrow, looking the condemned autocrat in the eye... and wavers, as he sees the terror there, oblivious to the rising murmur of the crowd as the bow droops. And then... the vision of Davron's memory replaces that of the present, and he sees Willow's face instead, first in tears as this monarch's slavers carried her from the rout of Greyfalls, and second in his dream as the baleful glare of Nomolous' eyes. Steeling himself once more, Davron raises his bow once more, and the lord of Bridal Veil falls forward, the point of the arrow protruding from his skull.

For long moments the crowd is silent.

Then a cry goes up. "All hail the sun-gods!"

Another joins it. And another. And another. The sound of shouting voices and clamoring children, screams and cries and sobs and yells, mingle with each other as the raging sea of humanity here vents the continuum of emotion, mingling together like the colors of the rainbow in the expression of their fears and hopes, their dreams and enslavement, their fierce freedom and their tiredness of spirit. The pour it into the waiting cup of the valley's acoustics, until the shout reverbrates to the heavens.

Gallius wills no man to suffer as a ghost, and seeing the king fall, she reaches out with the very radiance of Helios. In a moment, the body vanishes and Gallius turns to the people once more, and her clear voice rings out over the din. "We have not come only to dispose of this one, but to lead the way into a future where you will be protected from evil. I promise you protection and leadership. You will not be left under the yoke of slave masters ever again. Will you follow us into this new world?"

Tears line a path from Ramar's eyes down his cheeks, though the Solar does not take his saddened eyes from the crowd as their cry goes up. _We have done what was right for these people. Because of us... their lives will be better. Because of us, their dreams can come true, their hopes might live once more..._ This thought is more than enough to bring a smile to the Solar's face. "We have done it." He whispers to no one but himself. He falls silent as Gallius makes her speech. _What a brave new world it shall be._

With one voice the crowd answers Gallius' question. "All hail the sun-gods!"

The sun raises on a new kingdom. The corrupt veil of the weeping bride has been torn free, and given to the blushing, brimming woman of a new age. Chi-Yosh can only smile. The next age is beginning, one person, one kingdom at a time. Let it come.

Gallius heads into the keep. She has the throne melted down and given to the people. From her own private stores she calls upon the best craftsmen in the land. Carpenters of great skill. A new throne must be made, one that is not built on tears and pain, but by willing hands that are paid their due. There shall be no crown, for nothing of craft can stand above that which Helios has already placed upon her brow.

---

News is carried to Greyfalls; Chi-Yosh sees to it. Once there, he is gravely informed of the political upheaval still paralyzing the city. The departure of the Confederation of Rivers has upset many plans, and allowed many more to proceed; nevertheless, even storm-tossed ships come to port in due course. Chi-Yosh is pleased to encounter Marina, who has stayed behind to help manage the chaos. She presses into his hand a glowing gemstone, and briefly explains its powers; and what he hears makes the warrior's eyes grow wide as he stares at the stone. When he returns to Bridal Veil, he'll bear more than that. The sorcerous workshops of the city's school for Exalted sorcerer-acolytes has been partially opened to the Circle, and any would-be sorcerers among the Solars may find something of interest therein.

Prior to his departure, Chi-Yosh makes arrangements to stay for a night at one of the inns that still stand in the city. And when he enters its open common-room, he receives the shock of his life.