The Month of Resplendent Fire has come. Only two months remain until Calibration - the turning of the seasons and the year, historically an ill-omened and inauspicious time. Perhaps the stories the scouts of the Nation return with are merely harbingers of this moment, for they bring word that the Dowager of the Irreverent Vulgate in Unrent Veils is marshalling her forces in the Shadowlands. She intends to attack. Her target is the Nation of the Sun.

Even a lion fears waking a serpent as great and deadly as a Deathlord. In such circumstances, every ally one can bring to bear is called up. The Lunars of the east, Yurgen and his circle, the Confederation of Rivers, all have been sent swift messages to come. The Brides of Ahlat are not forgotten in this, nor are the powers within the Nation. Against the darkness that comes, Gallius hopes to gather a force that might even be strong enough to repel it.

Chi-Yosh once created a school of sorcery within the once capital of the Nation. Now, the biggest concentrated effort from the students, teachers, alumni and neighboring sorcerers necessary. They are not warriors to fight against the tides of battle, but protectors, guardians. Warding and careful placing of salt ward the path to the nation, the outskirting towns closest to the threat, and wait in the wings for the battle and its conclusion - the dead must be put to rest, and the land consecrated before the Shadow may grow over it in the wake of brutality.

For his part, Ramar has been sealed away almost, studying with the Book of Three Circles and the Book of Exalted Lore that Chi-Yosh brought back from the West. From time to time, he has emerged. And when he has, it is always with some great purpose. Wether it is visiting Yu-Shan on some errand of importance, or scouring the East for the old Solar ghosts locked away in their tombs. A host of assistants of all shapes and size work with him, though the lion's share falls on his shoulders. Towards the end of things, he is weary, worn-out from almost non-stop research... even though the shadows cast by the Dowager loom nearer and nearer.

Davron too has avoided the public eye - at least partly out of embarrasment over his mad outburst at Three Corners. But he has not been idle. In seclusion with Ramar, he has been accepting the tutelage of the Book of Three Circles in the ways of the great Solar sorcerors of old. Only with the power that is his heritage can he hope to protect that legacy from the dark forces of the shadowlands - and only with its subtlety and wisdom can he find a way to protect it from the shadows in his own soul.

Sages look at the blackened and twisted ivy growing on the walls of the marble palace, and cluck their tongues at each other. In the sky overhead, the observant have noticed more black clouds than usual, and the migratory birds that fly in the autumn air have been supplanted by evil-voiced crows and ravens who occasionally croak out their unintelligible warnings. Some say that they have heard the black birds speak their dooms in more human tongues. To the north of Bridal Veil, astrologers atop the Mountain of Everlasting Gold run from their telescopes and instruments in terror.

Yet all is not so foreboding, and the omens that Fate tormentingly reveals are not of a single bleak character. Word comes from Walker's Realm that the perpetual stormcloud that reigns above the Shadowland parted for an entire hour, and a shaft of blinding sunshine fell from it to illuminate centuries-darkened landscapes. Across a patch of unexpected and wholly unnatural ice, upon which two children slipped and fell to their death, beautiful roses bloomed as though the full glory of the sun fell on their delicate petals.

---

The Dowager's army marches. There can be no doubt now. The Exalted among the Nation's forces have brought back a complete picture - tens of thousands of zombies march through the Shadowlands and cross over into the living world under the supervision of the nemessaries, fell servants of the Deathlords who wear the bodies of the living and the dead. There are no reports of any of the Dowager's Abyssal champions riding forth; this news alone gives great comfort to the defenders of the Nation.

In fear the Confederation of Rivers demands that Gallius and her fellows attend them in the city of Marita, to explain what the Solars have done to provoke the emnity of one of the most powerful beings in the East.

Gallius goes to Marita. This is, after all, her situation to defuse. The facts are laid out simply. The Dowager stole from her Circle and so they invaded the realm of the Deathlord and took it back. In addition to that they recovered some prisoners and captured a Deathknight while killing another. She does not gloss over any details. She is not going to apologize for her victory, though she knows she'll be paying for it, now.

The Confederation is intensely unhappy about this, and a great discussion rages - that is, until the emissary from Thorns speaks. He is the man appointed to attend the Confederation council by the Mask of Winters, and with lavish gifts of silver to each member of the council he promises with sweet words that the Mask of Winters, and undoubtedly Walker as well, have no business in the fortcoming calamity. Whether the silver or the honeyed promises is more convincing, the Confederation eventually relents. There will be no reprisals.

Across the nation, small clinics have began to spring up. They are slow affairs, as getting doctors to shift practices, work together, amass supplies to the right places take lots of management from distracted leaders. This gets more confusing as the war apporaches - soldier medics and doctors alike are called to Bridal Veil, asked to bring supplies for the coming challenge.

Soon, make-shift clinics on barge-like wagons pulled by yeddin and small rickshaws for the wounded are constructed and amassed, prepped, and ready. Each unit of doctors and medic guards are given a hedge mage for those who are too far to be reached by healing hands. Herbs have been cultivated - some with spells or prayers to usher their growth further - ready for needed healing, relief of pain or conciousness.

And here and there, Marina darts like a paper ghost. Under her gentle ministrations, and occasional bouts of words that would flay the skin from a slave's back, the resources of the Nation shift themselves about. Whereas many kingdoms collapse near the fringes, turning like an elephant, the Nation pivots like a sleek wildcat to face the new enemy. Its armies are well-prepared and well-informed; its citizens have been calmed through the power of the Solar Exalted, and Marina has always known where to send Gallius next.

Now that all is prepared, Gallius is herself ready. The dire nature of the hour is not lost on the Lioness. Four notes are prepared with great care and delivered to Marina. One is addressed to the King of Roleyn, another to Yurgen, a third to Sanith, and the last and hardest bears the name "Ramar" upon it, in a script far more emotional than the queen would have liked. Still, she knows what must be done in this battle.

Thusfar, Chi-Yosh has always battled the offensive. The Circle has always been on the side of invasion, not of repelling the enemy. Thus, this battle will be more about protecting those he has sworn to protect - the citizens of the Nation. The mindset is not to seek out and overwhelm, but to hold the assault at bay. This strike is less about destruction and more about settling the score - the importance then is to battle the overflow, for she that comes to wage offense against the Nation will leave an ugly scar for generations to come, and it is he who must keep that scar from marring too deep, too far.

Never before has Davron been in close proximity to Rumika for this long - but now, there is little time for him to enjoy her company, for both of them are busy at their various tasks. Still, he cherishes the few moments he has with her to talk, or watch the sunset together - he's always liked watching the sun set since he was a boy. And he hopes that they will all survive the storm to come, that there will be some respite afterward.

---

In the palatial city of Yu-Shan, abode of the Celestial Hierarchy and home to the Primordial masters of Creation untold eons ago, none of the Sidereal Exalted can be found. Those with offices are absent; those ordinarily seen on a street, or going about their business, are likewise gone. The agents of Fate who operate in Creation have disappeared.

The masters of the Heptagram have all departed on urgent business, leaving the school attended by the senior sorcerers and bureaucrats of the Dragon-Blooded. Across the Blessed Isle and through the Threshold, nobles' advisors and brothel madams and wandering greycloaked wizards go unseen - not unnoticed as they often are, but truly unseen. Fortunately, none are really aware of their absence.

Within an infinitely large space, black as the void itself, ninety-nine Sidereals are gathered. They could not see each other for the distances involved, for the Loom of Fate is vast beyond all measure. The pale blue threads of Essence and multihued rainbows of Destiny weave together in the incomprehensible vastness of the Loom, and it is this assemblage that the Sidereals study - and in truth manipulate, for there is no Prophecy without action, and no understanding without influence.

And in a quiet voice, the Steersman contemplates aloud the end of the endless branching paths of fate ahead. "Three roads. One to eternal death, one to eternal damnation, and one to eternal exile. It cannot be..."

---

In the Nation, preparations continue unabated. Davron's labors continue, and he finds ever more uses for his mechanical assistants in construction and repair. Indeed, it's almost like having a second self assisting him.

His work is disturbed, out of nowhere, by a casual voice. "Yo," it says, with all the menace of a kitten, but all the suddenness of a tiger that leapt from the savannah.

Davron whirls around, dropping the bow he's working on with a clatter - and, as in sympathy, his assistants pause in their own tasks and attempt to look around themselves with a whirr and buzz of gears. "Who's there?"

Leaning up against one of the support beams of Davron's cavernous workshop is a young man, almost a boy. His long lavender hair is held back in a pigtail in the fashion of the Realm, and his eyes are rimmed by steel spectacles that glint in the light. He wears a long overcoat of saffron; at his side is a curvy-bladed sword of Nexan manufacture. His arms are folded and he radiates an air of insouciance. But behind his gaze, Davron detects something else.. "I'm Kez Sark," the lad announces, as though this should explain everything. "Also called the Ronin." And his eyes sparkle with the glitter of stars.

Kez seems to know the Solars by name, and Davron's innate sense of men tells him the youth is basically benevolent for the moment. In a meeting with the Nation's seniors, he explains himself more clearly. He is the Ronin, the hundredth Sidereal, and the last one to walk the earth in the time before Calibration. He offers his services to the Nation against the Dowager and perhaps in other matters as well, and also volunteers his motives up front - "to piss off the Old Man."

---

Leaves fall from the trees in autumn, but as a multivaried carpet of crimson and orange, not shrivelled and blackened. The time is nigh. The allies of the Nation have made themselves known by word; the neutral or hostile announce themselves by deed. And the Dowager comes.

Her undead armies march through the wildlands of the east, pouring out of a myriad of small Shadowlands. Lookshy, acting on the wise and well-laid plans of its most senior General Staff, adopt a policy of containment. They understand the Dowager's basic motives - or they pray that they do - and their forces are principally to channel the zombies away from the populated areas. Blood and fire and rains of Essence-fueled weapons paint the night, but the Seventh Legion's forces perform their duty.

The Dowager comes. Her nemessaries terrorize the outermost states of the Confederation of Rivers, sending lordlings and their few villages scurrying to the hills. The forces of the Himladrim, the Twelve, Marita and Nightguard strike back, luring the nemessary captains after them. The Abyssals are not on hand to raise those few of the fallen who the forces of life could not save, and so the Dowager's forces do not grow. Much.

Lookshy has advised Gallius how to proceed. And she finds a tear stubbornly rolling from her eye when, on the field of battle with her anima banner alight, she spies another similar banner. Then another. Three of the Zenith Caste have arrived to fight here. One she sees - Koriko Usoma, leader of the Brides of Ahlat, as zombies pour toward the city that Gallius defends.

The other is a newcomer, and as Gallius looks more closely at him, she sees a similarity to the Master. He is bulky, but with the same blackened skin marked by the sun of the south, and he has the audacity to have a sunburst tattooed on his bare chest. "Panther!" he shouts at her across the battlefield. "I fight with you!"

Again, the Nation and its friends avert casualties as much as possible. The army of ravening undead are more like a plague of rats than a true military force, and so the Brides of Ahlat do not fight here - their talents would be wasted. Instead, a similar plague fights them. The armies of the Lunars seem endless as they pour from the woodlands along the route of the zombie forces, and their barbarians, beastmen, and stranger folk - including forest-gods, animated trees, and great dragons of wood and water - harry the shambling undead. The nemessaries fight back using the eldritch magics of their kind, and more than once there is a report that a Deathknight appeared to stem the tide of the battle. The Lunar forces fall back.

Finally, on the outer borders of the Nation of the Sun itself, the zombies halt. Their shadowy commanders and war-ghost scouts gather their forces together, and the thousand varieties of horrid thing that sprang from the Dowager's fertile and unnerving imagination show some discipline, after a fashion.

Some are clearly animated human cadavers. Some are animals. Some are neither, while most are something of both. And at last Gallius sees what her scouts have reported persistently - the great necromantic golems that the power of the Dowager animates. Yeddim skeletons carry bone-and-soulsteel Warstriders in their fractured rib-cages.

Gallius looks over the darkness that is coming with a calm that cannot be shaken. On this day, she is content. She knows what she has done has spread beyond what she had herself touched. The flowers of the Sun will not die this day. They shall sprout up in many places, even if they are cast far and wide from this battle. She speaks to Rain of Fire, "It is time," and the great fire dragon rises into the sky, the air once more screaming and hissing as the Zenith is carried into the jaws of the Dowager's army.

"They're here." Ramar speaks flatly, almost all emotion drained from his voice. He watches the shadows in the distance, ever fixated on the darkening horizons. In his hands, Burning Brand is ready. He knows that today he is fighting for much more than his life. Indeed, more than the lives of the many gathered here. This is a tide that must be turned back, or all is lost. "It is time," he stands tall in his Volo, and the Eclipse is carried into the sky one last time.

Davron looks into the darkness calmly. He has nothing to say now... only to do. What light there is glints off his skin of bronze, and off the orichalcum ribs of his powerbow, and off the wings of his own volo. He has never truly liked war... but of all the many battles he has fought before and since his Exaltation, it is this sort that he prefers, though it is in many ways the most perilous: a war of defense. With a beat of wings, he too launches into the air, bow at the ready.

Seated within the powerful carapace of _Pride of the Nation_, the Dawn has begun his own preparations. Steps outer and inner in the patterns that call upon the teachings of the First Age, of channeling the Solar gifts, and the flare of power through the Warstrider's alabaster skin, sheening in the moonlight like some winter-kissed giant. The motorized muscles flex, then he leaps from the barracade wall, streaking like lightning to the ground in a crash of soil. He races after Gallius, the great form a skeletal silhuette, marked only by the touch of Luna and lands scraped in furrows in the wake of the Bronze Tiger's quicksilver strider.

The focus of Gallius is always on shattering any sign of strength in the front lines of her foes. Rain of Fire and the Solar again and again swoop to the aid of soldiers. The God of Renewal strikes with immense surges of strength, its tale shattering rows of zombies and its massive talons making it very clear that even the warstrider's of the foe are far from safe. Gallius relies upon essence to bolster men wherever there is need. Where she appears, men grow fearless, their fortunes changing just by proximity. Where she appears, swaths are chopped in the forces arrayed against the Nation as the queen leads, as always, from the front. Her motions are directed by Dace, more often than not, as messengers bear swift words, guiding her to where the Map of Azure Victory shows signs of weakness. She can stay in no one place for very long.

Shadows descend. The Dowager of the Irreverent Vulgate in Unrent Veils has come. Zombies surge towards the Solars, an almost ceaseless tide of undying warriors that advances heedless of opposition. They are met by brilliant resistance. The Solars and the last of their gathered allies fight stalwartly. And Ramar is no exception. Against the onlsaught of undead, he fights valiantly. He swoops in on wings of artifice, turning his burning blade on the undead, fighting side-by-side with mortal and Exalt alike. Still, the anger of the Dowager is nigh-unstoppable. And under the weight of her wrath, the line breaks here and there, as men fall to the swarm of hungry dead.

Within their yeddin transports, the striders stir and rise. They break bones that will assemble back at the battle's end, wrenching themselves free. One of the necropic vehicles is too slow, and alabaster feet strike the yeddin's spine, adding shards of bone to the crushing shriek of metal on metal. The strider below locks the great fingers of its fists, and snaps upwards into _Pride of the Nation_'s chest. The collision is a roar, soon followed by the impact of Chi-Yosh atop a platoon of zombies.

Other Soulsteel mechs draw towards their wounded comrad, and the fallen Solar with more art to crash of dark metal feet. One launches itself at the downed Chi-Yosh in an Avalanche Prana of the Earth discipline. Chi-Yosh rears up and slams his fist into the offending foot, skidding in an ugly furrow across the field as he driving the Soulsteel knee into its owner. The other drivers descend upon _Pride of the Nation_, blows apt in the Art of the Dragons. For several long moments, the Solar must adapt, each parry sending shrieks into the air, and momentary grapples tear into throngs of battling men, scattering the survivors like roaches under light.

Elsewhere, the glowing hues of a purple-and-golden Hawk swoop across the battlefield, and its talons are arrows of wood and steel, and occasionally flame, raking the enemy lines with uncanny deadliness, and even shattering bone chains as they thunder toward mortal battle-lines. But the more undead fall to Davron's bow, the more seem to flock toward him. And as he flies, fell things of the air harry him, beating leathery wings and uttering rattling screeches of death as they seek to pounce upon him, pull him from the sky. They too fall to the earth in droves, and their skeletal talons close on thin air in mid-swoop, but they do serve to distract Davron from his defense of the army and deplete even the heavily-loaded quivers mounted about the volo's ribs.

Time and time again, the burning anima around Ramar is obscured by shadows darker night, and each time, he bursts through in a flash of sunlight and fire. His sword rends the shadows asunder, deft strokes searing through the undead. Around him, ghosts reach with outstretched talons... malice given shape tries to tear his soul, but the Solar endures. Though he is knocked from the sky and beset by zombies, he fights on, and he is soon joined by a group of mortals, all willing to fight and die this day. Their voices rise against the echoes of agony and madness that the tide of dead bring with them, their voices bring life to the dull, greasy, lifeless air that surrounds their foes. All across the battlefield, pitched fights like this become common, and it is clear that any inch of ground gained on either side will be paid for dearly.

The battle rages with the roaring drumbeat of fists and bulk forged from the great magical metals. Trying to lead the Striders from the front lines, to save Nation soldiers from the backlash, Chi-Yosh is swarmed, crashed and shoved between them. Erupting upon one of the Necrots with a shoulder to the crotch, arms winding around the leg, he lifts and swings, gears popping and rending before a neighbor is striked, sending both Necrots to the earth, and dropping surrounding soldiers to their knees with the resounding crash. A third spreads arms wide and barrels into _Pride of the Nation_, only to land in ready arms. Chi-Yosh takes two thunderous strides, before leaping up, and bringing his guest down upon a tree, wood splitting and sundering, tearing up through the armor and sending the moan of soulsteel out like a reaper's scythe around.

The cracked and wounded striders move in with more caution, and one is brave enough to begin the Cascade of Rending Undertow. Only the tide has changed, _Pride of the Nation_'s fist breaking the maneuver in two, and sending the Necrot stumbling. Chi-Yosh is there to catch it, another blow rattling the vehicle to its liquid-death core, and sent reeling. Again the Strider is there, shattering a parrying arm and crashing into the carapace, the Necrot slamming into a hillside, carving into the turf as it bursts apart at every joint.

---

The battle rages. And at last the Dowager does indeed come - herself, in all her dark and terrible majesty. A black explosion, redolent with sulphur and the stink of the crypt, erupts from the soil, casting aside soldier and undead alike. The Dowager cares not, for the zombies are merely her puppets and the living men are of no consequence whatever. She herself is here, standing yards tall on the battlefield, with the black aura of the grave about her. She is every terrible nightmare condensed into horrid reality, and her eyes glow crimson as she surveys the shattered hulks of her Warstriders and the motionless cadavers that once she bent to her will. And she shouts out, in a voice that breaks the steel shields of the defenders and draws lightning down from the half-clouded sky.

SHOW YOURSELF TO ME, IMPUDENT WOMAN! AND LEARN HUMILITY.

There can be only one of two endings to this battle. Gallius has believed that since the first reports came in. Victory or death. And no victory as long as the Dowager exists. And so, now that the veil has fallen, Gallius faces exactly what she had hoped. She's never felt both so strong and terrified. Champion of so many battles, she knows her match.

Rain of Fire changes course, knowing well the duties of its rider. The God of Renewal Through Destruction climbs higher into the sky and waits. Gallius says softly to her friend, then, "What must be done. I am glad you are with me. You more than anyone understand what I must do. I only ask that you remember what I told you."

"An apple tree," replies Rain of Fire.

Gallius laughs softly, even facing this darkness, and points downward. "Good fortune to you, Rain of Fire. My people shall never forget what you have done for us this day. My gratitude and affection is all I can offer, but perhaps others can give you the honor you deserve."

"This is the only honor I have sought, Gallius Leom. What could be greater than to stand against the powers of endless death beside the Chosen?" Rain of Fire then begins its dive, though it will not collide with the Deathlord. Instead, some hundred feet above, the Zenith leaps from her steed, plummeting towards the Earth like a golden comet. About her essence courses, she draws all that she can, flooding Midmorning Sakura with her powers.

The Dowager summons up a black shaft, twisted and unnatural, like a staff forged of dark iron. The soulsteel shaft glimmers evilly in the flashes of lightning the Deathlord has drawn from above. COME NOW, HER BROTHERS AND SISTERS, she cries, and men quail and flee. A few of the Nation's soldiers die outright, as her ancient power snuffs out their life-forces with the strength of her anger.

The falling Zenith surges ever brighter, calling upon the greatest strength her heritage has given her thusfar. Essence twisted upon essence into an attack she calls Lightning Strikes Twice. In a moment that seems to move as slowly as the passing of time before the fall of the Primordials, Midmorning Sakura lashes out. And yet the Solar has no illusions about her position now. She can feel the darkness already. It is even stronger than she could have ever anticipated.

There is a cracking sound. It is one Davron, for all his learning as a Solar, never thought he would ever hear. It is the splintering sound of an orichalcum weapon being broken by main force.

But there is another sound, and it is a wailing that could damn a man's soul just for hearing. It is the sound of a soulsteel staff being sundered. And for a moment, no man on the battlefield can see or hear a thing. A wash of Essence consumes every sense like fire.

It's more than light. It's a burst of darkness, as well. When vision finally clears, the horrible sounds are clear and what looks to be the work of a madman is revealed. The landscape resolves itself into a deep crater, centered on where the Dowager stood. Here and there men, zombies, and parts thereof fall to the earth. In the crater, there is nothing. The ground glistens like glass. Two seconds. Three. Five. Suddenly another terrible crashing noise breaks out as the steaming bones of one of the yeddim again return to earth. Even beyond the crater men and zombies are torn to shreds, the tiniest flecks of orichalcum and soulsteel rending flesh like hot butter.

The Dowager is staggered. It seems an unholy miracle that she should survive, and yet she is not unscathed. Behind the already-horrible exterior appearance she possesses, something else seems to lurk, as though she were an ugly painting whose canvas had been shredded to reveal some darker truth. With a wail of pain, she seems to evaporate into the air like an unhealthy cloud.

Not all move away from the crater. One form, so remarkably different than the others, creeps over the edge, slipping for a time along the smooth surface. The heat of it should draw a scream from the young woman who crawls over it, but it is little compared to other pains. The youngest daughter of Rumika struggles against the fading light, straining to go out there. There must be something left to save. But before the young one can find out, the light her mother put in her departs, and with a soft sob she grows still.

When at last the flash of Essence dies down, and Ramar can once again sense the world he turns towards the crater, towards the source of those sounds more awful than anything he has heard before. The fleeing undead are forgotten, as are the wounds he suffered at their hands. The volo flies unerringly towards the crater, and as it becomes clear what has happened, Ramar knows in that instant a pain and dread unlike any the Deathlords themselves could inflict. He shouts, "GALLIUS!" He cries her name, calling to her, praying for her, wishing that what must have happened has not all with that word. And when his voice can no longer bear to shape words, when all hope is lost, he falls from his Volo.

_Pride of the Nation_ is left glowing like an ember after the fire dies. The light fades as it wades through the destruction and gore to find its queen, scowering towards the crater with haste. Drawing close, Chi-Yosh tears from his marred, scorched, torn carapace and falls upon the blasted earth, unmolested by the dead that pick themselves up and limp back from the savaged field. He stops at the crater edge, franticly looking among the corpses for the lioness's anima, or the departed traces of it.

Though his Exalted constitution helps Davron weather the shockwave of raw Essence better than the mortals around him, his keen occult senses are momentarily as blinded as his eyes. As he recovers, he too screams the name of the fallen queen, as with a rush of air his volo joins Ramar's in a pell-mell flight to the crater where Gallius fell. And then, as Rumika's daughter stumbles and falls in her own attempt at rescue, he remembers... and changes course, seeking out Rumika instead, hoping against hope that she and Chi-Yosh can find some spark of life...

It is Chi-Yosh who first is able to find something of the Zenith. As he makes his way through the crater, the glassy surface cracking under his feet, the glint of metal can be seen. Closer, it seems to be stuck to a blackened bit of wood, some burnt remnant of the fire that fell here. But the ring of Roleyn, even so melted, is easy to discern, and the small piece of blacked wood suddenly can be seen for what it is, with bits of white bone peeking out through the flaking of the scorched flesh.

"She's... she's..." Ramar struggles, trying to gather himself, trying to gather the strength to help his friends. He rises, standing on weak legs and begins to comb through the crater. _She's gone. Gallius is..._ Ramar searches desperately, what little Essence he can muster enhances his senses, makes every detail clearer... _There has to be something... she can't die... she, she can't..._

For a heartbeat, Chi-Yosh falls to his knees, staring at the remnants of the Lioness in a shot of sadness. But he can feel something - Something inside as he scoops up the remains. Be it the strength of spirit or stubborness of the Queen's nature, the Spark still struggles within her, within the air. He cradles that bit, drawing it against him, pouring himself into it. The Stone of Healer's Flower cannot help Gallius now, but with its power as guidance, he pours Essence into what is left, feeds the fleeting power. He searches around, kicking over a yeddin's sundered skull to find scarred orichalcum scales welded to two gleaming ribs. He collects it, and redoubles his efforts, while a silent prayer goes up to Helios. It is not a prayer, but a chant, one slow, haunting song that fills the void.

The spark remains, but as Chi-Yosh gathers what is left, he can sense the depth of injury goes beyond even the devastation of flesh. The soul of Gallius is fractured, as well. Part of it clings to the flows of essence, the heat of life, while the other gnaws at that strength like a canker. Without some anchoring, the soul's survival is not likely.

With a thunder of wings, Davron's volo arrives at the edge of the crater, Rumika in tow. "Do... do what you can... I'm sorry..." Davron says, his voice cracking. The automaton's limbs unwrap in response to a mental command, and Davron dismounts, summoning his own occult senses, glistening eyes sweeping the floor of the crater. His own skills at doctoring are rudimentary, but he will offer what help he can... even if that help is ultimately no more than to pay his last respects.

As Ramar searches the crater, the horrid sound of orichalcum flecks grating against each other is almost too much to bear. He looks to Chi-Yosh and Davron, "Is there anything I can do? There has to be... there has to..."

Like collecting spilled cream, it simply cannot be housed in the shards of a jar. He doesn't even notice the others arrive, feeling the twangs of Gallius like smoke of a snuffed fire still clinging to the trees. Then he's racing across the crater to it's edge. "Ramar, Davron, search her!" He commands, while kneeling over the feathered form of the healing woman. "Rumika, here!" The Dawn pushes with all his might, forcing the whisps of Gallius towards Rumika's daughter. The surge mends the wounds, pushing away scathed metal and clearing the path for the weak life forced inside the gift left by the fallen.

Davron blinks away the tears, and begins his part of the gruesome search, knowing that time is of the essence - every moment that passes allows Gallius' soul to slip further away. He almost breaks into tears again as he spies most of a lower leg, a shard of blackened orichalcum armor fused to the flesh - but this is a mercy, for the melted armor left the muscle below in relatively untouched condition. His heart aching at the fact that this is a _lucky_ find, he continues, searching almost as much by the fading echoes of Gallius' Essence as with his eyes.

Rumika is of little aid, staring at the remains of the Zenith but even more at the body of her dead daughter. She falls to her knees, blinded by tears. "Should have never brought them," she whispers. "I shouldn't have! They know nothing of war! Why was she here? I told her to stay away!"

"Rumika," breathes Chi-Yosh, the touch of Gallius felt upon him. For a moment, it is not only he that speaks through to the grieving mother, but two thoughts felt together. "She may rise as a phoenix from these ashes. Not as herself, but as a rebirth of old life, of a life older than she, a gift that she was born to give. Help me make her sacrifice earnest."

Ramar chokes back tears as he gathers up remnants of Gallius' broken armor. "Her cloven armor, her broken spear..." he dares not think about the fact that flesh and bone and sinew are welded to these in gruesome fashion. He does his best to collect the remnants of Gallius for Chi-Yosh, but tears stream down his face constantly, and every breath is a sob. "I... I have more..." he says, after a time. "Please," Ramar begs, "Please if there's something to be done, l-lets do it..."

Davron steps in beside Rumika, putting an arm around her shoulders. "I'm... I'm sorry, Rumika..." he whispers. "Every... every life is precious. I... I think she knew that too. I saw her. She... she was crawling in here to save Gallius..." His voice trails off.

The day ends. The Sun has long since set, and the night that looms over Bridal Veil is as deathly silent as it is lightless. For hours, the Solars have been working at the delicate task of collecting Gallius, of saving her and Rumika's daughter, Beautiful Sun Blossom. Nothing like this has happened before, no one has ever survived a blow by the Deathlords. Nobody. Until now. Where once, all hope had been lost, a slim chance gives strength to the tired, battered souls who work so hard. "She may yet live," is the verdict. In the night sky, high above clouds, the stars glimmer, and destiny is written. "We shall see."