Kez Sark, the Ronin, is chosen as the guardian of the Solars who seek answers in the Loom. Several others have gotten wind of this plan, or have been planning something similar themselves, and so the Circle is joined by a small contingent of Lunars. Leading them is Wolf Brother and two Sidereal escorts; the tall, powerfully-built Chosen of Luna seems to be someone that the enigmatic, star-eyed folk respect.

Although Kez has always been an outsider, it is felt that he's trustworthy enough - he is a Sidereal and understands the transcendent nature of that which he'll escort his comrades into. And further, it is because he is an outsider that he is most appropriate. He will guide other outsiders into the secret heart of Sidereal power - the engine of existence itself.

Egress is here mostly to watch others. The position of Wolfbrother is stowed away in her mind. What does he remind her of again? It's like a dim echo, but it escapes her. She is very curious just how he might fit in with the rest of her plans and what his agenda is. She hadn't seen much interest in the Sidereals from the Chosen of Luna. This is an oddity. The Zenith isn't sure yet whether she likes it not. The conversation will have to wait, though. For the moment, what the Loom has to offer is the greatest concern.

Davron is uncertain how to prepare himself for what he will see - he has heard a few stories of the Loom's nature and knows that it will confound a mind used to the nature of mundane Creation. His brief experience with the alien geometry of Rathess is a dim harbinger, and it will have to do - and his usual curiosity about new and unfamiliar structures may have to wait in any case, for like Egress, the purpose of this visit to the Loom is paramount.

Chi-Yosh follows the group, silent as usual while Silent Wind and the duo of Chosen with her continue their investigation into a stealthy agent in Heaven. Having conferred with Ramar about what they both saw, the possibility of Helios' involvement is present in his mind. Could the God himself have done the deed? A mimic or assailant with the Unconquered Sun's body? Or could Helios have been striking at something within Chejop, driving it out or attacking something past the Steersman? The ramifications of any of these answers are uncomfortable to say th eleast; their very answers will be the path Fate takes.

---

At the heart of Yu-Shan, beyond two pillars of jade joined by an arch of similar material, is darkness, and beyond the darkness, the group floats in a non-space, a place where no sound and light intrude. Only thought is here, and aloneness. It is as close to Oblivion as anything each visitor has ever felt, and each alone feels the cold caress of the Guardian down their spine. _Love. Hate. Need. Want. Fear. Ambition. Give it to me..._ Alone, each Solar feels the driving need of their heart being examined - almost tasted - by the fearful, alien presence. It is a creation of the Primordials, and they can sense its outsider's nature in every psychic touch.

Of all those who attempt the gate, Chi-Yosh finds that nearly a third did not emerge with him. This is his first awareness. Then his second overwhelms it.

---

Merely witnessing the Loom of Fate is itself an act of legend. What, then, is the Loom?

Visually, it is a vast assembly of rings - rings made out of radiant blue light, with a rainbow of other hues shot through it. Innumerable rings. Bands of Essence that circle a single, rapidly spinning core. Larger rings form the equator, and above and below them are concentrically smaller rings. And around virtually every glowing circle of any appreciable size, others orbit. And still others orbit them. Bolts of power arc constantly through the structure; lightning blasts of Essence, discharging themselves wildly in some chaotically meaningful pattern that the human mind rejects out of information overload.

Its size overwhelms. It is the equal of anything in Creation - the Imperial Mountain, a peak towering at six hundred miles, might be its equal. Over the nearest surfaces, those floating in the blackness that surrounds the Loom can perceive the tiniest hints of motion - the pattern spiders, spinning their patient webs across which humanity treads.

Here, as before, the presence of the Guardian is felt. It no longer feels so.. needy. It occupies the minds of the visitors, showing them the truths of the Loom, imparting understanding where a mortal mind would be utterly adrift.

Chi-Yosh, at first, cannot find his voice. The Loom is magnificent to stare upon for its endless patterns beginning and ending going on infinitely within itself. But eventualy he finds himself where he is. Speaking out, not for the Loom's protector but for the benefit of those with teh Solar, he asks, "Guardian, the Steersman who aids in the Loom's direction has been slain. The attack was said to have came from within the Loom itself. What is the identity of the one who has accessed the Loom last, with the singular purpose of Chejop Kejak's fate?"

The answer comes immediately - abruptly, rather. From the far-off strands of the Loom, steel wires, thin as spidersilk, strong as tempered jade, lash out. They catch the group around their wrists, arms, and legs, yanking them forward into the spiraling blue madness.

---

Outside, two Solars, and a handful of others, emerge from a darkened archway to be welcomed back by the attendant spirits of the place. Each discovers that he or she is unhurt, physically or mentally, with one exception. Each one discovers that they cannot speak or even think their own name. Nor can they muster the names of those who emerged with them. "This is only temporary; you will regain yourselves shortly," the spirits assure them, before guiding them away to wait and recuperate.

A light-haired man shakes with reaction as he takes deep breaths, gratified at the fact of still having lungs with which to breathe. "And the attacker got through that..." he murmurs in awe. It is yet another sign of the already-known potency of Chejop's assassin, and a sign of how scattered the man's thought processes are that he would give voice to an otherwise obvious fact.

The Zenith will frown in thought and let out a sigh. She doesn't bear that well at all, really. She doesn't know exactly why, though. She sighs and turns to look at the others, the nameless who have failed. She's not sure what the failure means, but she does not like that one bit.

---

Chi-Yosh feels like he is drowning in a raging river. The spiders are tugging him and his companions through the vastness of the Loom, one pulling the group toward it before casting it out into darkness just in time for another to snag it. Looking down, they catch glimpses of things in the blue rings - things which look like reflections on a river's surface. People, places, far-off forests and magnificent castles. Burning peasant villages with men and women being put to the sword flash past, as do joy-filled births and celebrations in taverns or homes.

They land on a seemingly endless surface, feeling it moving under their feet as they land. Overhead, the tangle of magic lines stretches up endlessly into the "sky". Below, a scene is visible, again similar to images reflected on lake water. It is the scene of half a dozen robed men and women, bearing the circlets of the Chosen of the Maidens, scribing on parchment papers. They stand upon a terrace adjoining a distant apartment of Yu-Shan's residential neighborhoods. "They are writing a petition to the pattern spiders," Kez Sark says, near Chi-Yosh, by way of explanation.

One of the figures that the Solar recognizes is the Priestess, the politically powerful Sidereal leader who has made much progress in organizing the Five-score Fellowship since the fall of the Steersman. She has stepped out onto the terrace and reveals an ornately-decorated book whose cover seems made out of starmetal itself, and whose pages glimmer like silver and move like woven silk. The Sidereals gather around her, studying as she demonstrates something from the book.

Finally, the group separates. The Priestess returns to her duties, Chi-Yosh presumes. The Sidereal petitioner begins his prayer and meditation. The others separate.

"Never seen that book before," murmurs Kez. His voice suggests that this is significant.

Chi-Yosh is left wondering the significance of the scene just showed to him. Of all the things the loom could have given... in due time. He does turn to the Ronin. "You could not have determined what they were petitioning the spiders, right?"

"Not without further detail," the young man replies, shaking his head. "And we won't get that without petitioning the Spiders ourselves. They're angry as is.. best to let the Guardian show us what it's going to."

More activity. Some of the same Sidereals gather before the arch that Chi-Yosh remembers. They enter.... and the spiders' threads lash out from the dark distance, yanking Chi-Yosh and the others away from the band they stand atop. Once again they are flung into the sensory hell that is the Loom of Fate.

The next landing is as rough as the last one, and this time Chi-Yosh and the others behold a unique sight. There is an actual deformation in the surface they landed on, something they have never before seen.

Kez shakes his head. "This is pretty bad," he mutters.

The deformation itself is merely ordinary - a pit in the surface of the band on which the group stands, as though a man dug with two hands for minutes, shaping the soil. Yet it is singular in that every other part of the Loom Chi-Yosh has witnessed has been shaped with mechanical perfection.

Chi-Yosh picks himself up off the ground. Kez was not joking about the spiders being angry; their force is a little excessive. However, the Sidereal's comment makes him focus on the hole, and cant his head. "Is that a flaw in the Loom? A chink carved out by something?"

One of the more senior Sidereals approaches; Kez is clearly out of his depth here. "Flaws in the Loom never, ever look like that," he announces with magisterial grimness. "Someone has directly manipulated the Loom. But the knowledge of how has been lost."

Chi-Yosh glances around himself, beyond to the Loom around them. "How could the Spiders allow such a thing? Unless the one who did this has the power to brush away the spiders themselves." Considering the amount of power the one who did this, it would not surprise him.

"Or distract them away," murmurs Kez. Clearly he is thinking back to the petition of astrology that was being drafted.

Staring down into the seemingly innocent hole, Chi-Yosh asks what is likely on everyone's mind. "Then, who could have the power to directly affect the Loom itself? The Maidens?"

"The Maidens. All Sidereals have the latent power. None - or, more evidently, a select few, now - have the knowledge." The senior frowns, eyeing Kez with suspicion.

---

Chi-Yosh and the others emerge from the arch. Each is shaken in some fashion. Even the taciturn Wolf Brother looks impressed. Davron and Egress, their identities having returned to them, are there to greet the Dawn.

Chi-Yosh, once joining with his Circle, takes them aside and makes a quick summary of what the Loom revealed. "So the question is about the book and more importantly, the Priestess. Should we hunt her down, or go in search of the contingent who entered the Loom and question them separately?"

Davron scratches his head. "There are other questions yet, though. Would a direct manipulation of the Loom look like the magic I saw? And whence came Ramar's vision? How can _those_ pieces fit into the puzzle?"

Those who joined Chi-Yosh are in discussion, spreading information - or halting its spread - in knotted, conspiratorial groups. The Ronin stands off alone, deep in thought.

Davron turns to Kez. "I know that the knowledge of manipulating the Loom has been lost - but you and your colleagues are the ones with the best knowledge of its workings. Can you - of for that matter, can anyone else short of the Priestess - tell me if an attack via the Loom could produce a sorcerous effect like the one I saw?"

"Such a manipulation wouldn't look like sorcery at all," the Ronin answers thoughtfully. "It would look like... well.. Destiny in motion." Clearly the young man is trying to put into words something that for him is an intuitive understanding, inseparable from his being.

Chi-Yosh rubs between his eyes in consideration. "It had shown itself to me during the discussion of demons, so that angle still presents itself. How that relates to the Sidereal's manipulations, I don't know. It could be the metaphorical figure comprised of two in action, but several went beyond the arch."

Davron looks doubtful. "I don't know what destiny in motion looks like, but I doubt it looks like a four-armed figure in armor any more than sorcery. No, I don't think that what you have learned here will solve the whole puzzle." He looks up at Chi-Yosh. "Perhaps we should resume our inquiries about demons. Now that we have a better idea of what to look for, we might have some hope."

Egress frowns in thought. "So what we know is that something of great power has altered the course of fate. I don't really understand all this, however. How exactly did Chejop die? No matter what his powers were, only one way can truly kill a man. Was he cut off? And if he was cut off, what becomes of his spirit? What answers could it give us?" She sighs softly and shakes her head, "I think we must know what killed him. We still don't seem to be any closer, however. Why kill him with this route, anyway? There are far easier ways to do so, it would seem."

"The Loom cannot show you what the Loom cannot see - itself." This answer comes from Kez Sark. "There's no evidence other than circumstance."

Davron thinks for a moment longer, than poses a question to the Lion bound to him. _Have you apprehended everyone in Yu-Shan who was capable of performing Solar sorcery? Or at the very least, are you aware of their whereabouts?_

_Of course,_ the voiceless answer replies. _We do not shirk our duty._

_Of course not,_ thinks Davron. Aloud, he says hesitantly, "And for my part, I still cannot exclude the possibility that it was done by sorcery, rather than an as-yet-unknown demon or an attack on the Loom. But it was truly subtle sorcery indeed, and it would require a tutor whose knowledge comes directly from the First Age. So... would it serve any useful purpose to interrogate those of us who might have the power to work such magic, in the hope of finding one whose knowledge might also suffice? More importantly, what is to stop the murderer from lying?"

"Someone who had First Age knowledge would be one of the Deathlords, would it not?" Remarks Chi-Yosh as he stares out at the milling of beings around them. "It would at least narrow down the suspects. The only way to stop their lies would be Ramar's charm-given perceptions."

"There is only one way to get the answers we need," says Egress quietly. "And the one who taught me the way was a Deathlord. We must find our culprits and engage them in a game of Truth. There is no way one can lie, once they enter the game." She frowns thoughtfully, "I'm not really sure how to create a game, but I know there are those in Yu-Shan that will know of it. It is beyond our reach as of yet, but I imagine I can swiftly find those who will assist us."

Davron shakes his head at Egress. "There are less potent ways that could work. Any Eclipse could impose less terrible penalties for lying, that might yet be terrible enough to give the murderer pause."

"I think it would make little sense to do less," replies Egress. "Now I simply need to decide to which group of Sidereals I shall bear this suggestion, and how to properly word it." She moves back into her own world, now, casually wondering why the Lions did not use Truth themselves.

Davron sighs softly. "Still too many unanswered questions," he murmurs. The expedition into the Loom has, like every stage of the investigation so far, raised ever more disturbing questions without yet uncovering a definitive answer. Nevertheless, Davron is certain in his heart that, even if the matter of the attack on the Loom is completely revealed, that it will not answer the whole question of Kejak's death. And once more, he is reminded of Kejak's posthumous warning about incomplete answers.