Jin-Nu wears the white dress of an English lady well. Her figure is attractive as a mortal woman's is, and hides itself well behind the primly modest attire of the British aristocracy. She gracefully wears the name "Ginny Newcomb" as well, a suggestion from Haley about how to reply when questioned for her identity. Although they are not hunted in this world, Gallius and her ally both understand the need not to draw attention when one is unprepared for it. Together they sit, in the midday sun, on a marble bench in the midst of a hedge-maze garden.

"I used to think that all of this was .. just a distraction," says Jin-Nu, as she sits with legs folded together, her hands on her lap and subtly moving this way and that as she accustoms herself to her current shape. "Cities and such, I mean. Clothing. Restaurants. But I think I begin to understand it."

Gallius turns to her friend and smiles, looking curious. "Sometimes I feel the same way. But what changed your mind about all this?" She gestures about her, indicating their surroundings. Gallius thinks Jin-nu's perspective should prove most unique.

The girl continues, thoughtfully: "Well, everything you need is... so... is so.. " She pauses, grasping mentally for the proper way to express her sentiment. "So out of reach. You can't simply nose your way into a tree's leaves and pluck out a fruit with your teeth. You can't graze. You don't have a coat of your own, so when it becomes cold at night you have to huddle inside somewhere. Your body isn't shaped right, so when you lay down on stony ground to sleep, you're uncomfortable. You waste so much time preparing to mate and advertising your wish for it, and spend so little time doing it. And.." She shrugs a little - a newly-acquired gesture she seems fond of for the moment - and concludes her thought. "Everything you need is such a hassle for you to get, so you have all these things to support your efforts."

Gallius doesn't laugh, though the mention of the difficulty of mating makes her want to. "We humans make things very hard on ourselves, don't we?" she asks. "But no, we cannot graze. We have to eat a mixed diet, which makes things complicated. We cannot simply mate, because to do so commits much of the rest of our lives to a child. It's as if we were created to need each other, isn't it? We were meant not so much to dominate Creation, as to appreciate and find value in every part of it."

Jin-Nu nods slowly, shrugging again and allowing herself a smile at the pleasure of the novel act. "Yes, I think that's it. Where other creatures were formed according to their purpose, you are formed according to some sort of artistic impulse. But needing each other still confuses me. I know what I have seen, and been told. But I have never before experienced it. And it makes me wonder.." She turns on the bench to regard her midday companion. "Tell me, Gallius, why it is that you want the Book of Three Circles? It's not just because you have enemies, is it?"

"I do not want the Book of Three Circles for what it is," says Gallius. "I want the Book of Three Circles for what it will allow my friends to do." And here she drifts away from the topic, seemingly, "Humans are so beautiful. Every one of them holds a value and few even know about it! What we learn will let the servants of Helios to do their jobs and guide men to once again see their value, to live without all these fears that they should never have to face alone. It's hard to explain, I suppose. I do not blame humans for their failures and their evils. I blame my people for abandoning them so long ago."

"And the Book will help you with these things?" asks Jin-Nu quietly. She seems interested in this for some reason.

"I believe it will," says Gallius. "It may also help me save another abandoned race. The humans were not the only ones we betrayed. The Dragon Kings also were left to the loneliness of the ages. I do not lie when I say that I feel the weight of our failure almost crushing me at times, and yet I know that Helios has given me the strength I will need to shoulder this load." Gallius laughs softly and adds, "And if he hadn't, I would probably destroy myself trying anyway."

"By 'my people' and 'we', you mean the Solar Exalted," the transformed Wyldling says. "But.. I don't understand the Exaltation, but I understand that it is not given to the undeserving. I suppose I don't really understand 'deserving'. But.. why do you want to be responsible for these people? Why do you want to rule? If the Exaltation comes to the worthy, then I don't see how the answer can be that you are a Solar and it is your duty. Mustn't there be something more? Something that came first?"

"I suppose there must have been," says Gallius. "I think it all started with Kirri. I.. I don't really like to talk about this, because it sounds like boasting." She sighs, but continues, "I want you to understand, though. At an early age I knew she would lead and my duty was to protect her. Her life was worth more than mine, and so I loved her first in all things. I was taught to lead men in war, and I came to understand that leading in battle is also a form of love. I loved my men and their families and so all my decisions were meant to protect them from harm whenever possible. Perhaps that is why Helios decided I was a good choice. I did nothing particularly valiant to deserve what was given to me. At least nothing I can see. Many of my men had fought beside me and fought more besides, so it must have been something else."

Gallius pauses, trying to collect her thoughts once more. "And now I am able to lead far more men than ever before. I am not perfect, but I honestly believe I can lead and protect them with more love than those who had been their kings. In the time that is coming, men will have a need to believe in things that are larger than their own homes."

Jin-Nu nods slowly. "And you know that I am not like you, and my life is not like any human's. When you say that you must love these men and women and families that you do not know, I don't understand. Why must you? Because of the human inter-dependence that you told me about? Or something else?"

"Because of who I am," says Gallius. "When I find a man who is starving my heart aches until I have saved him. When I hear about slavery I feel the call of justice. It has nothing to do with what these people might do for me, and everything to do with what I should be providing for them. As a solar my ability to give aid is greater than others, and so my duty is also greater. Yet I did not feel so different when I was a human."

"But not all men feel this way," suggests Jin-Nu gently.

"I believe far more would if they did not have to live in such a cruel land," answers Gallius. "And even if many remain selfish and wrathful it does not change what my convictions call me to do."

The girl hums thoughtfully, watching in her lap as her fingers trace invisible lines across the backs of each hand. "You live in the same harsh existence as any other human," she finally observes. "But you have convictions they lack. And you have suffered more than many cruel men. It is a paradox, but the way you speak of matters, it seems that weakness is what gives you strength."

"I guess it cannot be easily explained," admits Gallius. "If you know how to love, than I think you can come to learn pity and mercy, as well. You know I love you, Jin-nu." Gallius smiles and holds one of her friend's hands. "It's not all bad, being a human, is it?" she asks.

"It's confusing," the girl admits. "You talk about dependence, but I have never learned how to do so. I have existed on my own terms, and I can no longer do that. So.. it is frightening. But because I never relied on others, I never got as close to them as I must now. So.. it is also new, and pleasant."

"It can be very scary," admits Gallius. "We cannot exist without others. Not in the practical sense, nor even in a more spiritual sense. After all, if a person has no one to be close to, are they even there?" She smiles and laughs softly, "I don't think we'll have that problem, though. I hope you find getting close to others is a very good thing. It is not without risks, but.. few things worth doing are."

"I wonder, then, why humans fear closeness so much," murmurs Jin-Nu. She looks up toward the sky. "When we were walking earlier, men and women would stay close together. The men were wary of each other. Men would walk alone; the only women I saw alone were poorly dressed. They do not seem to want dependence at all. I suppose that is why they need a strong ruler to love them - because they will not love each other?"

Gallius considers for a moment. "Jin-nu, do you remember when we saw the plants in the deserts with sharp spines on them? Remember how Ramar broke them open and the pulp was sweet and juicy? Sometimes getting close to something you desire is painful. It also has a great risk. If you get close to someone, if you love them, they can hurt you far more easily than others. Even if they don't want to." She frowns, shaking her head, "This isn't easy to explain. People are scared to love. They are scared to trust too much, because they have been hurt before. Humans can be very sad creatures."

Jin-Nu bobs her head. "They were made to depend on each other, and also made to fear it. I wonder sometimes about the motives behind the creation of man. But perhaps transcending that fear - gaining strength from that weakness - is the natural mode of selecting who will rule mankind. Among animals, and even barbarians, the strongest lead. Perhaps for you it was meant that the bravest should instead."

"Bravery is hard to understand," admits Gallius. "And it's hard to say just why humans were made. They are full of surprises, aren't they?" She laughs and looks around, though her expression grows more sad and sober as she speaks, "And this place has nothing to talk to but humans. It's kind of lonely, in a way. I'm glad you are with me, Jin-nu." She squeezes her friend's hand softly. "I'd feel less confident without you at my side."

Jin-Nu shakes her head and smiles, for a moment revealing an almost melancholy air. "I may be taken away from you by the tides of fate," she says. "And in the fullness of time I will die, while you live on with your Celestial longevity. When that time comes, whichever form it takes, I want you to remember that our connection will still exist, even if I am not at your side.. Take strength from it when it comes."

Gallius sighs softly, "Oh Jin-nu," she murmurs softly. "I know it will come," she murmurs. "But I don't wish to think of it right now. We are here and alive and the sun is shining in the sky. I don't wish to bring the night into my heart now."

The girl smiles, reaching over with a hand to pat that of her companion. "The sun sets, and the moon rises, and the moon sets and the sun rises," she says. "You will treasure me more now if you know that I'll be gone someday. And.. I find that I want to be treasured. Perhaps that is part of what being human is, too."

"You will always have a place in my heart, dear one," says Gallius. "And you are right. I must not forget those that are close to me, no matter how many others are relying upon me." She sighs softly, "It is unfair to have to do so many things at once. I will never be able to love any one person as much as they deserve."

Jin-Nu smiles again, her lips parting for a moment in joy as she breathes in the afternoon air. "But you are not the only person who loves," she says. "If a woman deserves the love of a best friend, a husband, and children, that cannot all come from the same person, yes? So love in your way, and let others love in theirs, and perhaps all will be well."

"Do you remember when we were getting ready to drive the Realm from Greyfalls?" asks Gallius. "How you were playing with the children of Arzes every day?" For a moment her smile fades, but she forces it back. "Those times were so much simpler."

The transformed girl smiles, genuinely enough. "I have known simple times. For me they came before I met you. I wonder, though, if simpler times are really better."

"We like to pretend they are, sometimes," says Gallius. "But I wouldn't trade now for then, I don't think." She lets out a sigh, trying to relax. That's one skill she's proving to have no talent for at all, though. She's been positively jittery, unable to sit still even a few minutes. "I just wish I was back home about now, I guess. I feel useless here."

"Then think about love," murmurs Jin-Nu. "Think about what you are here to do, and the good you can do when you achieve your goal. Take comfort from your dream.." She rests a hand on that of the woman sitting next to her, then turns to smile. "I think I am beginning to really understand."