Dozens of plumed helms bob in synchronicity around the archer, who fumbles for a moment as though adjusting some part of her armor. Safely tucked inside her travelling-garb is a scroll, the top of which is written in the terse, efficient language of trade. The bottom half is empty, or apparently so, for further instructions have been added by a quill dipped in the ink of an obscure herb of the Eastern forests and mixed with other bounties of the earth. The writing will be revealed when the breath of the proper person is blown across the scroll's surface. Until then, Yana's instructions are clear: "Travel to the city of Greyfalls as a mercenary archer of Nexus." Details for how to meet her contact are memorized - such a thing would not be written.

Yana silently curses the armor she is wearing and the slightly too big helmet she is adjusting for the umpteenth time as she quickly forces herself to remain in step with the other archers. Without breaking stride or moving her head much, she takes in the sights of this new land, making mental notes of the best places to lie in wait or fire her bow from, should the time come.

The massed formations of Nexan mercenaries continue their march along the golden road of greed. It's late afternoon before the pre-arranged rendezvous comes into sight - an artfully concealed encampment, scattering the soldiers of the Confederation of Rivers through the forests to the south of the city of Greyfalls. Scouts, saboteurs and spies are here, as well as more conventional infantry. All await the attack on the city, when the time comes. These are the reserves, who march in surprise on Greyfalls.

The young girl pretending to be 'Just one of the guys' mingles among her fellow troops, trading quips and jests with the best of them as she searches through the morass of people for her contact. Peering through a crowd of ne'er-do-wells she spots one that fits the description she was given. Palming a small piece of parchment with the requisite information already written down, she presses through the mass of people and 'accidentally' bumps into her contact, passing the small bit of paper to them, then vanishes back into the throng, just another soldier on their way from point A to B.

Yana's eyes widen as she reads the rest of her instructions, but only for an instant, then she simply nods and tucks the scroll away. Finding a small empty wagon, she crawls inside and quickly shucks the cumbersome armor and readies her bow, then when she is certain no one is watching she hops out of the cart and darts for the nearest tree line quickly vanishing among the foliage.

---

The diminuitive archer reconnoiters the city carefully, eventually discovering a large body of people moving carefully across the rock-strewn fields of grass here in the highlands of the East. She shadows them carefully, estimating perhaps two thousand souls here. They travel together, in groups, some with wagons, others clutching their possessions tightly. Refugees, escaping the city before a terrible war wracks it. Yana trails them all the way to the outskirts of a small village, where men in a foreign livery, armed with spears and bows, await them with apparent friendship.

Yana slides unobtrusively into the crowd, dropping her shoulders a little and changing her walk to a defeated looking shuffle, she becomes one of the refugees. Falling in with a large looking family, she wanders towards the foreign warriors and the village proper, seeking to recon this place and gather more information before continuing on her mission.

Watching the flowing mass of people is Gallius. She sets atop a steed of gold, its golden pink horn glinting in the sunlight. Her eyes tilt upwards and a smile comes to her lip. "The sun smiles upon them. There are so many, my lady," says the horse in her soft, warm voice. "Indeed, Jin-nu, my friend. So many, indeed. They will all be safe, now. Let's meet them, shall we?" With this, the horse moves forward at an easy walk, carrying her rider closer to the throng.

Murmurs ripple through the crowd, as eyes are drawn to the fabulous steed and its regal rider. A few muttered voices try to raise a protest of the "we have sold ourselves to the devils of hell" variety, but others drown them out, offering hushed thanks to the gods and spirits for this offer of shelter in dark and tempestuous times.

Gallius stops at the head of the flowing lines. She raises a spear above her head and allows the glow of the sun to encompass her. She hears the worried voices, she sympathizes with them. Her words ring out, and ghost images dance as she speaks, "People of Greyfalls, welcome! Please do not fear. You shall be safe here. My forces have no arguments with you, and we will keep you protected from harm. Neither beasts nor men will trouble you here. On my life, I pledge it!" She smiles calmly, slipping from the back of Jin-nu to stand with these strangers. "My name is Gallius Leom, and those who wish to earn my favor will aid you however they may."

The young archer pauses briefly at the display of power Gallius shows, then catches herself and shakes her head. Sliding like a shadow's whisper out of the crowd, she seizes this golden window of opportunity and glides into the hamlet, and to a small structure that appears to be an inn. Without further delay or turning back to witness more of Gallius' power, she darts inside.

Seated in a corner, piles of paper in front of her, a well worn quill in her hand, Marina is making notes as various people enter the inn, make their reports, and dash off again. This is a new kind of negotiation for her; she's setting the terms, in a sense, as she is instrumental in coordinating this mess, but at the same time the number of sides she needs to satisfy has grown exponentially. She sighs, looking up to catch the waitress's eye with a request for a fresh pot of tea when she notices a newcomer slipping in the door.

A map of Greyfalls is spread out over a nearby table, with Davron and Chi-Yosh, amongst others, gathered around it, studying possible approaches for infiltrating the city of Greyfalls. Davron taps a finger on a valley to the northeast of the city. "This spot looks promising, if you ask me. The ridge here," he continues, indicating other markings on the parchment, "would block a view to its approach from the city walls."

Yana's demeanor changes immediately as she enters the inn, no longer does she sport an attitude of skulking about and avoiding the guards; She now looks like someone who belongs here, is supposed to be here, just popping in to have a drink or a bite to eat.

Intrigued by the sudden change in demeanour, Marina bends over her papers once more, quill almost touching paper - but completely devoid of ink - as she watches the newcomer out of the corner of her eye.

"If so," Chi-Yosh replies, "We will need scouts here, here, and here." Tapping each key point, "These paths here would be the best path for any troops to come down from the fortress. It would be best we know they are coming as soon as they crest the ridge, that we might mobilize immediately. We will also need the best scouts and tunnel rats In the tunnels; spirits, traps and living things may be guarding these tunnels if the Dragon-Blooded are aware of them. I will wager they do."

The young girl moves deeper into the inn, seeming deeply in thought about what she wishes to order. Casually, she attempts to position herself within earshot of the crowd with the map, moreover she tries to arrange it so she can view the map with her peripheral vision and learn where these people intend to infiltrate the city.

Marina motions over to the waitress, after scribbling a short note on a scrap of paper. Sliding it into her hands, Marina explains the note is for Davron, warning him that someone is watching and listening. Someone odd.

Davron frowns at the note, and edges around the table to get a better view of the door. Continuing on, he says, "If it turns out to be guarded, we could consider _this_ instead..," he says, indicating another point on the map at random in a different direction of the city, but showing the note to Chi-Yosh as he emphasizes the word "this". Davron currently doesn't have a good view of the bar where he's standing, so looking up would tend to arouse suspicion - Chi-Yosh's view is rather better.

Chi-Yosh eyes the note, his brows knitting. Self control wins over the impulse to look up at the spying girl, and instead tilts his head towards another section of the map. While not fully facing her, it does offer a better view. "That's a dire possibility. But if that is the case, what should we do then? Action is needed to secure the area."

Noting that the two young men have read the note, Marina goes back to considering her papers. After a moment, she reconsiders and snags a young page. "Kid, tell me when she leaves. But don't let her see you looking at her."

Yana continues to study the map and eavesdrop as unobtrusively as possible maintaining her ruse of pondering her next meal, pausing to order a cup of tea as the waitress comes by, telling her she will decide on food shortly.

It's about this time that there's a bit of noise coming from the door. Several children's voices are arguing. "Just a little more, please? We were just starting to have fun!" There's a little bit of laughter, and then Gallius opens the door, having to stoop down so a couple young boys can slip off her shoulders. As they dart off, the biggest boy says, "See, she's as strong as any knight, I told ya!" "No, I told you!" retorts another. The winner of the argument will remain a mystery, though, as the voices retreat into the din. With a deep sigh, Gallius pushes the door shut behind her. "And I thought fighting Bloody Axe was difficult," she says, grinning widely.

Davron nods to Chi-Yosh. "I agree. But how _shall_ we secure-" he begins, then trails off as Gallius enters the inn. Seeing his chance, he looks up and greets her with a smile. "Welcome back!" he says, crossing over to join her at the door. "Chi-Yosh and I were considering our plans to deal with Greyfalls scouts, and we had an idea I think you should see," he continues, glancing significantly at the note cupped in his hand between them.

Gallius spots the note and looks it over out of the corner of her eye. "Well, it is good to be back, I guess. So many are flocking to the safety of this place. I'm very pleased with it all. If you would excuse me, though, I'm a bit parched, and I'd like to take a bit of rest. I'll be upstairs, if you should need me." With that, she suits her words, heading upstairs.

"Excuse me," Chi-Yosh addresses the few scribes and messangers loitering around the table, "I wish to check on my lunch." Seeing Gallius head upstairs, the Dawn can only assume one thing. Stepping from the table, he walks towards the kitchen, only half watching where he's going and focusing more on the potential spy.

Putting her quill down on the desk once more, as her friends have covered the exits, Marina slowly stands up, taking a moment to unkink sore muscles in her shoulders and neck. Hours of writing, hunched over that poor excuse for a desk, have left her a little stiff. Moving naturally, she passes by the young girl and suddenly stops. "Hello."

Yana turns slowly towards Marina, keeping her expression neutral she inclines her head in a polite nod, never actually taking her eyes off the woman, and keeping wary for her compatriots. And in a very small and childlike voice, replies softly, "Um... Hello ma'am."

"I noticed you come in." Marina speaks in soft tones, designed to carry no further than these two pairs of ears. "I noticed you listening, attentively, too, as my friends were discussing their plans. Perhaps you would care to explain who you are?"

The odd girl suddenly looks years younger, in bearing and demeanor if not actual age. Her expression is that of great shame, mingled with fear and on the verge of tears, she seems to shrink in upon herself as she stammers, "I-I meant no h-harm ma'am, I was only curious." She swallows hard and continues into a shaky voice, "I j-just wanted to see what the h-h-heroes were planning."

Sighing, Marina looks the youngster in the eye, trying to discern her motives, her essence gathering around her. She's been using essence at a prodigious rate, here, trying to keep motives sorted out and organized, and this is as good an occasion as any. This child could be ... an innocent child. Or she could be a spy. This being a bad time for spies ... "Your name, child?" her voice is calm, unstressed, as she looks below the surface.

The small waifish girl looks up at the woman, meeting her gaze as levelly as she can manage, tears swim in her eyes as she stutters out, "Y-yana, ma'am." Though to Marina's perceptions the tears, the childlike demeanor, are all but a ruse and can be seen for what they truly are.

Raising one eyebrow, Marina smiles a little. "Well, Yana. I'd like you to join us in the backroom. You'll have a chance to meet these heroes, who are looking for a new page."

Gallius steps down from upstairs. She still occupies the staircase, of course. Her eyes drift to Marina and the young girl, watching them curiously. It's not a casual observation, though, for her she is ready to move swiftly should there be trouble.

Yana shuffles her feet a little, as a child will often do, as of yet unaware that the jig is up. She blinks back the tears then swallows and blurts out, "I'm sorry for listening in, but I have to go ma'am, I won't ever do it again." The last spoken with childlike sincerity, and without waiting for the reply, dips a clumsy curtsey and turns towards the door.

Marina's hand drops onto the waif's shoulder. "No, Yana. I think you need to join us in the backroom."

Davron is ready too, and steps in front of the door, putting a heel on it to keep it closed. "No, we insist, Yana. Please, you seem like just the person we want to talk to," he begins...

Realizing the jig is now indeed up, the girl lets the facade fall away, rising to her full height and her expression changing dramatically, until a young woman stands where a child was moments ago, "Very well. Let's go. But take your hand off of me first."

Smiling wryly, Marina removes her hand, using it to gesture at an interior doorway. "Step this way, Yana. I'll be right behind you."

Yana brushes at her shoulder where Marina had grasped her, she glides with grace and dignity to, then through, the indicated threshold.

Gallius slips further into the room, letting out a soft sigh. "I imagine this means we won't be getting another page?" she murmurs softly. She looks over to Davron, arching a brow in a silent question. Just what is going on around here, anyway?

Following behind the young girl, Marina suggests to the others with a simple tilt of her head that their company is required.

Chi-Yosh follows the other Solars in. Having watched the girl's metamorphosis in attitude, he can tell this is no chance matter. All there is now is to hope Marina keeps a sharp eye on the woman.

Davron chuckles and shakes his head at Gallius. "You never know. Stranger things have happened. Let's see how the interview goes, shall we?" he says cheerfully, filing in behind Marina and our new best friend.

Yana enters the room, then turns placing her back to a wall and allowing her gaze to check the room for potential escape points, though her attitude is calm and collected. Her arms fold in a casually defiant gesture as she awaits the words of her captors.

"Welcome, Yana. We have a few questions for you. I believe ... Gallius?" Marina smiles, her essence now glowing more obviously.

Gallius strides into the room, nodding to Marina. "I imagine there are a lot of questions we should have, at this point. Who are you, why are you here, and what do you want? If you are a spy, we will imprison you, but you will not be harmed. If you are not, well, you must explain yourself clearly. Please understand that things are very difficult, and even casual curiousity is a danger to us."

Yana sniffs slightly, then brushes at her hands regarding Gallius with an unwavering gaze, "I would have the names of my captors first, if I am to be imprisoned, I would know by whom and what you serve."

Gallius stands tall, letting her anima banner, a proud lion, burst into life. "We are Chosen of the Unconquered Sun, Lord Helios. We are here to restore what once was, so that what must be shall come to pass. Our enemies are any who would thwart us. My name is Gallius Leom, Zenith Caste."

Yana blinks in utter surprise as is some great Epiphany had come to her, "You serve the Father, I saw your display but did not realize what you were." She offers a deep more formal and sincere curtsey, "I am deeply sorry, I am Yana of the..." She pauses to think of the word, "...Of the Night Caste, I too serve our Father the Unconquered Sun."

"Then you are welcome among us, Yana of the Night Caste," says Gallius. "What has brought you here this day? It seems that the Sun indeed smiles upon us." The zenith looks towards Marina, then to Davron and Chi-Yosh. "You will be safe here, if you seek a safe-haven."

Yana nods to Gallius, and smiles warmly to her, "Thank you, I was sent here to kill a man in that city. I was looking at your map and eavesdropping in hopes of gleaning a way to that goal."

Chi-Yosh lifts his hand enough to let the radiance of the sun blossoming from Gallius dance across his hand. The light from the Unconquered Sun is often not so clear at first, like ambiant shafts through water, how they twist. But all is well, long enough, beneath His warm presence. Though eyes raise to Yana - the assassin. "What man?"

Yana looks to Chi-Yosh trying to discern the meaning, if any, behind his gaze, "He is called Alcis, he is a garrison commander there."

"I am afraid you will not be allowed to kill Lady Alcis," says Gallius. She is wise enough to not put too much bite into that. "We shall not be using such tactics against such an honorable foe. Should my wishes be granted, Lady Alcis shall one day stand at my side as a friend and ally."

There is the sound of footsteps approaching the door, then running swiftly away. A moment passes, and there is a knock at the door, followed shortly thereafter by the sound of Ramar's voice calling through, as clear as the skies above, "May I disturb the convened meeting a moment? I come to report success... though my business can wait if it is a more... private meeting in here."

Yana takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, the culmination of what has turned into a _i very_ i bad day is now upon her. She turns to Gallius, "This places me in a very awkward position, my sister."

Gallius waves Ramar inside. "Perhaps, but I cannot allow this. Alcis is a noble warrior, she fights for her people as best she can. If we slay such in darkness, we are no better than the Empire that hunts our kind like dogs. There are others who deserve your judgement, Yana, but Alcis is not one of these. I have seen her, and as odd as it may seem, we are kindred spirits."

Davron allows his own caste mark to appear, and nods to Ramar. "Come in - but please, do wait to tell us. We have other important business to attend to." He nods to Yana. "My name is Davron, of the Twilight Caste. I take it, Yana, that those who sent you have not given you the option of failure?"

Yana smiles, perhaps a bit bitterly, "They never do." She adds matter-of-fact, "If I do not do this, then two things will happen, they will come for me, and they will send another to kill her."

The starburst of the Dawn caste sparkles above Chi-Yosh's forehead as he offers simply, "If you are in league with us, then those who threaten you, threaten us."

"Well then, I suppose I can wait. Although I do believe that I must ask what is going on in here?" There's a brief pause as Ramar digests the information that the others have deigned to reveal before him. "I see. Or at least I begin to see. Please... if someone would, clarify things for me." His voice is soft, all this mention of killing has brought a sadness to his face that lingers just behind the confused smile he now wears. He waits, patiently, now that his questions have been asked. He finds a place to sit and to observe.

"Whoever has sent you will not find you easy to harm here," says Gallius. "If they wish to kill Alcis, she must be warned. And if I find the one who sent you, there will be no need to fear more of them." Her eyes narrow and she practically bristles with anger. "Tell me who has sent you, Yana."

Yana lets her own empty circlet shine upon her forehead, then she shakes it, even for her that is too simplistic an answer, "You do not want the Guild's ire directed on you because of me."

Davron rubs his chin. "The Guild are formidable enemies indeed. And yet... they would only send you if they felt Lady Alcis were bad for business. If we can convince them otherwise, perhaps they would reconsider your orders..."

"That makes no sense," murmurs Gallius. "The Guild profits by the survival of Greyfalls.. why would they wish to.. Alcis falls, Greyfalls flounders." She sighs softly, "This is a strange business. In any case, we cannot allow any of this to come to pass. Alcis must be warned of this, as well. It seems the Guild wants Greyfalls weakened so they can do whatever they wish. Yet another group of pests to deal with."

Yana peers at Davron for a moment, "They do not sway so easily." She turns her gaze back to Gallius, "I implore you sister, do not underestimate the Guild, they are far more than pests."

"It does not make sense as of yet, though perhaps when more pieces of the puzzle are available more can be learned or gleaned rather than from a simple statement." Ramar regards Yana puzzlingly, "Indeed. You make quite the point, the Guild is more than a pest, they are a force worthy of respect," He turns to Gallius, "What do you intend to do then?" He settles back, falling silent once more to observe the goings on, studying the little tells that each person might flash, each hint of emotions laying beneath the surface, each tone to their voices...

Chi-Yosh leans to the side, tapping Ramar on the shoulder, and pointing to Yana. "Yana, Night Caste, caught snooping on plans. Sent to assassinate Alcis." It would be well to have all aware of the situation to make the best judgement. Besides, making note of a new Solar to Ramar is a bit fun, despite the grim circumstances.

"Stop them," answers Gallius. "And afterward? I imagine we will have to start killing off the members of the Guild. It is a tiring situation, but it seems that these lowlifes will ever be a problem. I don't know enough of them, perhaps, but there are no facts that can prevent this. They would kill honorable people, they must therefore be slain." She lets out a deep sigh. "I think we have a battle to see to, and I am already exhausted."

Ramar regards Gallius "You are far too hasty to deal out death in your judgements. It troubles me." Ramar ponders, "Though as you say there is a battle to see to, and we should perhaps regain our strength. We can mince our words later, once this day has passed. Now, you, Yana, of the Night Caste is it, I have more questions for, but these must wait. The question that must be answered remains: What shall we do now, if the dam must be defended...?"

"I shall help you." is all Yana says.

"We shall defend it. And I will always destroy those who would defy the wishes of Lord Helios. That is my sacred duty." Gallius turns away, making her way outside.

Davron rubs his chin and nods to Yana. "I certainly did not think I could sway the Guild unless I truly _did_ have a better offer for them. No, we need to understand _why_ the Guild would profit from the weakness of Greyfalls, and see if there is another way to ensure that profit. If there isn't..." he sighs, "then we shall have to make another powerful enemy. As if the Realm weren't enough." He pause. "And speaking of which, yes, let us turn our attention to the issue at hand."

---

Three thousand men, resplendent in their cuirasses of steel and their cunningly-wrought helms, march across the plains. Confidently they stride westward toward the hastily fortified dam their enemies have erected. Within their ranks, a dozen wagons rumble. Each is drawn by a dozen horses, and even the reinforced wood groans protestingly under the load of a dozen suits of jade and steel and marvelous mechanistry. Beside each wagon rides a horseman, suited in the exquisitely beautiful jade armor of the Dragon-Blooded. Each carries himself like a demigod and a lord of those around him, letting his pride swirl about him like a great battle-standard. Their faith in the power of the Realm is unshakeable. They march, prepared to destroy the affront that the Confederation has offered.

---

Ten Warstriders of Lookshy stand, like statues of silvery fire frozen in the light of the autumn afternoon. The knights within them bide their time and await the signal of their commander. Other of Lookshy's Dragon-Blooded are girding themselves in their own armor, or speaking casually with their subordinates. Twenty of them are suited in elaborate armor, a super-heavy plate with closed face-masks, flanges and exotically angular construction. These divine warriors stride amongst the ranks of their men, the soldiers of a hundred lands who come together under the flag of the Confederation and the leadership of Lookshy.

On the ramparts of the dam, where engineers have labored furiously to leash the monstrous power of the Lesser Rock, dozens of men kneel, preparing their weapons. They wield long-rifles, weapons of science that are said by conservative scholars to have no proper place in any normal world. Trained priests move from man to man, speaking benedictions to the spirits of the elements that they might not interfere with the operation of these alien arms. The riflemen themselves remain cool and confident, awaiting without remark the order to begin firing.

Around the dam, the rest of the Confederation's forces are arrayed defensively, spread out across three major lines. Many of the men are armed with spears and shields. Many more bear swords, and most are armored with at least a buff jacket. Other men, wearing the livery of Nexan mercenary companies, polish their weapons in preparation.

The view from atop the Dam is a breath taking one. The armies readied, positions held, all in their war finery. A bird's eye view is afforded to Chi-Yosh who is held tight by the alabaster automon. Essence-laiden wings are poised to send him into the air, the living signal for the coordinated unattunement. Blood is pumping, sweat gleams. The drum beats of the signal barrers run in tune with his heart beat. Soon, the Will of the Gods will be imposed.

Yana finds herself on a skyship for the very first time, powerbow in hand. Once the initial fear of heights is overcome, she decides this is an excellent place to rain arrows down on her foes from. She fills herself with essence and nocks an arrow, waiting patiently as she always does, for her targets to appear.

Davron stands on the deck of the skyship as well, his own golden bow in hand, taking the vanguard amongst the archers, riflemen, and gunners hand-picked by Gallius to best make use of the aerial battle-craft. The second volo rests on the deck, currently unoccupied, but ready for Davron to board it should he need to take to the air.

Gallius views the oncoming army almost passively. She bursts aglow then, summoning the essence to make her a thing terrible for enemies to behold. Her glow causes the golden coat of Jin-nu to seem as if it were molten, adding to the effect. About her, essence dances, granting greater strength to her already elite forces.

Standing on the deck of the recently acquired Skyship, the _Breath of Creation_ is Ramar. A determined look is on his face, though the exultation of flying cannot keep the smile from it. A weighty responsibility rests upon the ship this day, as the wishes of men and gods alike prepare to clash in the world beneath. The resounding beat of Creation's pulse is almost tangible, be it in the beating of Men's Drums or the beating of their Hearts. The tension in the air this day, this fated day, adds to the gathering rythm, to the song of War. "Let us be ready then," calls Ramar to the Solars and those manning the guns. "This day, we take our destinies in our hands... let us be ready to do so. May we all live to see the new day's Dawn!"

---

"From the north! Cavalry from the north!" The shrieks of the scouts can be heard over the din of rifle-fire and the whistling of arrows. General Saulos Nebarr dispatches instructions to his trio of battle-sorcerers. High above the army of Marita, signal-flags flash between aides-de-camp. Moments later a brilliant burst of flames, twenty yards high at least, billow outward and upward and engorge the sky with their incandescent splendor. A voice booms from the inferno, "DEPLOY THIRD AND SIXTH DRAGONS TO COVER NORTHERN FLANK." The distant soldiers on the front lines would be deaf not to hear this order, and wheel with practiced ease to obey their far-off leader's commands.

The riflemen withhold fire, taking time to reload and examine their weapons for battle-fitness. A moment later the lines clash together. The leader of the Realm expeditionary force has divided his troops, hoping to drive a wedge into the parting defensive line exposed by the troop movements of Marita's forces as they turn to deal with the Realm's auxiliaries. General Saulos hesitates for only a moment, then directs new instructions to his sorcerous allies. "THIRD DRAGON, FIRST WING, HOLD YOUR GROUND!" speaks the commanding presence of fire, reverberating across the battlefield.

---

The cries of war echo across the land, borne on a wind of ill-tidings. Hunkered down near the Manses of the Dragon-Bloods are the brave souls who have been chosen to bring down the Warstriders of the Realm. They watch the skies, waiting to see the Sunburst that will signal the downfall of the Realm's Warstriders.

---

Heavily-armored Exalted soldiers flicker into visibility on the flanks of a subcommander of the enemy, mauling their way with ease through the unprepared defenders and bodyguards. A burst of energy sends a deafening shockwave across the immediate battlefield, and the commander falls to earth in fifths. Elsewhere, the quiescent riflemen are stirred into action again by an agitated commander, who directs their fire and sights for his far-fighters purely by guesswork. A concentrated volley of accurate shots, aided by a distracting rush of near-suicidal troops on their flanks, drops the immediate shield-men around another of the Realm's commanders, and a ferocious Terrestrial Exalt, wielding a mighty war-axe of jade, leaps over the man's head and severs it from his body in a single clean stroke.

The forces of Gallius charge. They see their enemy, they know their duty. There is no fear. Gallius checks the pace of Jin-nu, not racing ahead as her army moves forward. With screams filling the air the apemen of Non Valon, her elites, crash into the enemy like a tidal wave. After the first contact, the infantry draw tight, leaving gaps in their line. Soon the roaring of a great cavalry charge deafens the enemy and the horse masters of Roleyn trample through their broken lines.

Through one of these holes leaps Gallius, and half those who stand against her quake in terror. The few who are mounted are thrown from their horses, some never to rise again. She is met by a worthy foe, though, as she comes face to face with one of the Terrestrial Exalted. He draws a daiklave, offers a salute, and both exalts charge.

---

Through maneuver and counter-maneuver, the skillful commanders have driven their forces hither and yon across the battlefield. Only the front-most lines have engaged each other with the savagery that typefies warfare, sparing the forces behind them. And now the Warstriders come into play. Those giants of mechanized power and cunning magic, the legendary knights of fire and steel from a bygone age, stride with earthshaking force across the battlefield. Their nemeses await, though the Lookshy pilots are quite surprised when chanted spells begin ringing out. Three pilots are placed into an enchanted trance before they can think to resist, and no sorcerers stand by to awaken their fellows. Unhindered by the seven striders left, the dozen war-machines of the Realm rumble onward, towards the dam.

Wings thrash the air, ripping upwards into the sky with the speed borne of fear and exhiliration, determination and desperation. Every bit of Chi-Yosh's concentration and being is funneled into reaching into sight before the powers of the Exalts below tear the skies with Dragon-gifted death. Despite the wind and the den of battle, a shriek filters down from high above. A war cry, raw and clear bellows as though blasted from the nimbus of light curling in the sky. "HELIOS!" The roaring star streaks upwards with trailing whips of light before curling back, a vertical loop that nearly breaks the neck in it's strenght. Gods speed the hammers of man.

---

"The signal!" The men and women of the Manses are alerted to the presence in the skies. With cries of war flying from their lips they rush into the Manses, moving through the bypassed defenses with ease. The central chambers are reached, the air is tingling, alight with power even as the first blow of the hammer falls. Essence crying out as it is suddenly released can be felt almost, sending grasses bowing and birds scattering. There is a flash of light, and the echoing blow of dozens of hammers within the halls of these Manses as they fall to the hands of those set upon them, connections to the powered Warstriders of the Realm severed with brutal effectiveness.

---

The ground shakes with the footfalls of the Realm striders, seeming to the hapless footmen fleeing from their path as if the shaking itself will bring the dam crashing down. As eight the great machines occupy the depleted forces of the Confederation, the remaining four reach the foot of the dam and begin to spread out to dismantle the offending construction, disregarding the tiny speck of golden light describing a brilliant arc high in the air behind them.

They find it difficult, however, to disregard what happens next. The lead strider, even as it charges up the rock pile, suddenly freezes in mid-motion and topples backward, the one behind him barely leaping out of the way of the sudden, unexpected avalance of steel and jade. Moments later, another charging war machine topples face first into the riverbed and lays there, motionless. The rear guard likewise finds itself suddenly outnumbered seven to four as half their number are left suddenly helpless against the mighty blows of the Confederation's warstriders, and the dam's defenders quickly take advantage of the situation, forcing the Realm soldiers to abandon their assault on the dam once more and fight for their lives.

The frail looking girl holds her powerbow with practiced ease. Her gaze, sharp as that of a falcon, scrys the battlefield for a target, and finds one: A Realm Dragon-Blooded, relatively alone. Offering up a silent prayer to The Unconquered Sun, she charges an arrow with essence, aims and lets it fly. A faint vapor-trail of essence tracks the arrow's flight as it speeds downward, finding its mark through the eye-slit of the Dragon-Blooded's helm, without a sound or even a last gasp of breath, the figure's head snaps back, and he falls, dead, before his body touches the ground. Yana then looks up to the sun and smiles, "Thank you Father." she quietly whispers.

It takes precious seconds, but one of Lookshy's sorcerers manages to make it through the battle, heavily guarded by elite soldiers, and in a few seconds he has exerted his command of Essence. Three suddenly awake, suddenly angry pilots join their seven fellows in charging towards the Realm's striders, half of which are incapacitated already.

---

Gallius relies on the instincts of Jin-nu to maintain position. Again and again she strikes at her foe, and about them a wide circle has opened in the battle as men stay away from the furious battle. Though she knows nothing of it, all about Gallius men cry out in pain, dying on the field. Some she knows, some she does not. She continues to circle on the back of Jin-nu, her spear striking out at her foe, drawing blood, and before the exalt can leap back, Jin-nu's horn stabs under his armor, into his bicep. Even as the dragon blood moves to free himself Gallius lashes out again, first to slash at his arm. He finds himself suddenly free, the limb lying useless, on the ground. He turns his eyes just in time to behold the radiance of the sun glittering around Gallius, and then the blade slices cleanly through his neck.

Gallius spins the spear above her head, then points forward, letting Jin-nu charge off into the fray once more. Around her the men of the realm are crushed like grass under the thunder of the charge.

---

Dusk. The mantle of night is being draped lazily over Creation as the Solars gather, going from Manse to Manse. Five of the Manses were successfully disrupted, their carefully-architected structure hammered in specific ways. Another three were likewise de-attuned, but with no effect on the battlefield - clearly whoever held the stone for both Manses was not on the field in a Warstrider.

It is at the ninth that Gallius in particular is beckoned to, by the soldier stationed here. He looks strange somehow, and melancholy. "Milady," he says softly in greeting. "There is something I would show you, within."

Gallius approaches the soldier and nods to him. "Show me what you have found," she says softly. She moves with some effort, for she apparently was given somewhat like what she gave. She leans on her spear, letting out a tired sigh.

The soldier leads the way gravely into the interior of the Manse. The structure is quiet, the tense feeling of potential power drained and weak. He guides the Solars to the heart, the Hearthstone chamber, wherein is a disturbing sight. It is a body, beheaded cleanly as thogh with an axe-stroke, were the axe larger than mortal man could wield. The Manse has been de-attuned, but the body fell where it was almost the moment after the deed was done. And most troubling, the body on the floor is that of the soldier who now stands, quiet as death, beside Gallius.

"Give me peace, milady," the soldier's hollow voice says, calm and steady. "Ask my comrades that they will visit my wife and daughter. And... I thank you, for letting me die a hero."

"This is... you are..." Ramar's hand flies to his sword, the blade unsheathed as he casts his gaze about. He regards the Ghost of the Man with tears welling in his eyes, "Thank you for doing what you have done, may you find peace in the next life... and thank you for remaining to show us this. We must find the Abyssal impostors before all is lost..."

The sight before him yanks at Chi-Yosh's heartstrings like some great thing caught in a spider's web. Looking from the man's fallen form to his being standing next to them, it is nothing more then mellowing. For the departed to see themselves... The warrior walks forward to stand next to the spirit, gazing at him with sorrow and guilt. "What is your name? Is there anything on your person you wish to be remembered with? I will see that you are not forgotten."

Gallius lets out a soft sigh. She sets down aside her spear careful and strides forward. She has little energy left, but this, this is important. "You have done well, faithful one. Surely Lady Gaia shall reward you justly." With this, the zenith starts to glow, the light of her flowing outwards, into and towards the body, bathing it in purest radiance, and consuming it. "Now none shall disturb your rest, dear child," she says softly.

"Green Ridge Mosiah," whispers the man, as he begins to fade. "Green Ridge... thank you..." The last words are nothing more than a whisper on the wind, and the Manse is at last at peace.

Yana shivers and holds herself for comfort. The eerie sight of the dead-man speaking seems to have shaken her more than any of the other horrors of battle she has witnessed this day.

"Then your death shall not be in vain, Green Ridge Mosiah." Ramar speaks very quietly, letting the tears fall as a silent prayer for the dead. "The Deathknight has been here. And now walks under the guise of another. We should warn the others."

Gallius sighs deeply, turning away from the manse. "Abyssals, the Guild, the Realm, the Fair Folk," she chants softly. "We will win, but what shall remain?" She does not allow herself the luxury of tears as she strides away.

Chi-Yosh walks away with heavy weight in the air. Normally silent, this is different, like a dense cloud. His thoughts mirror Gallius, but something else sinks through; they have won the battle, but how much can they keep fighting? What else will they have to do, sacrifice, for that win? What the walls of the Manse has seen today can attest to what lies ahead, even in victory over the Realm's foothold: a ripe corpse with more buzzards circling then one can bare to count.

Davron sighs and bows his head as the ghost departs to his rest. "Rest well, Green Ridge Mosiah." He pauses in respectful silence as the smoke clears away, then raises his head again and follows his companions. "We shall remain," he answers Gallius, his jaw set with resolve, "and those who we can defend. And together, we shall rebuild what was destroyed."

---

"Your name?" The majordomo sounds tense, disheartened.

"I am Green Ridge Mosiah, of the forces of Lady Gallius Leom," the visitor replies. "A soldier and messenger of the Lady. I have a message for the commander of the Realm forces here, from her, regarding the refugees she has received."

The majordomo nods slowly. "You will surrender your weapons and be blindfolded," she says. To which the visitor only smiles and nods, his head shadowed by the unevenness of flickering torches. Perhaps there is a draft in the citadel tower.