With a price hanging over him, Ramar follows an instinct, and wanders back to the Firewander district. He is stopped, briefly, by the mercenary guards the city council has emplaced around the neighborhood to prevent wholesale thuggery for the time being. The guards present no true challenge, and in time he slips inside undetected. He enters an unoccupied building that looks likely, and sees the flicker of light further in. A short and stealthy investigation reveals an oil-lamp resting on a table with two chairs. One is empty, and waiting; the other is occupied by Gen, Minister of Ways who sits on the Council of Entities. "Come in," he calls, smiling.

"Hello there," replies Ramar, who does as asked. He walks inside, and bows his head to the Minister of Ways. "Good evening to you." He glances at the empty chair, "I suppose I was expected, then?"

"Yes. Now that my wholeness has been restored, I'm rather more in tune with my city than I was," remarks Gen, smiling. "I called you here to say thank you, and to let you know that the Council will receive its owed monies from me. You are free to leave at any time."

Ramar raises an eyebrow, "Your city?" He bows his head, "I am honored to aid you, Cityfather." He looks about, and then asks, "Is there much else that can be done to help you get more in tune with your city?"

"What was needed has been done," Gen replies gravely. "And now, I must ask you to leave this place. It is dangerous, especially to one such as yourself. In time, it will be safe to return, and I will welcome you then."

"Very well then." Ramar bows, and turns to leave. "When it is time, I will return. Farewell." With that, Ramar slips out of the room, and takes to the rooftops of the reformed Firewander district, using them to leave, free from prying eyes. He heads for the nearest way out of the City, as asked.

---

The months of Air that shrouded the world in cool have left, and the simmering hostilities burning between lands have crept out in the wake of winter's passing and burn anew. The Lunar _tlak_, the moot that took place in the abandoned castle in the Southeast, marked the end of the season. The season of preparation has come, and the season of war will follow it.

The months of Ascending, Resplendent and Descending Water went by fast. Davron and Ramar spent their time focused and meditating, growing in tune with their former existences and the currents of magical force that flow through their souls and bodies. Chi-Yosh traveled and trained, honing himself and growing in his own power. Gallius swept through the Hundred Kingdoms and carved out a federation of kingdoms from the squabbling states therein.

Ascending Earth now lays over Creation, and the flora and fauna of the East are burgeoning with life. It is the maturation time, when crops grow best and flowers bloom widest, a time for all things to emerge from their shelter of winter and shine in the sun. So, too, do the Solars prepare themselves for the war coming to Harborhead as foretold by Ma-Ha-Suchi, the legendary Lunar war-leader.

Gallius, having gathered herself a nation and crafted the beginnings of something special, has decided that something unique will be needed. Her next tasks involve a serious problem. Walls. Having spoken with Ramar before, Gallius has a clue of what she needs, and she has even found a way to alter essence to turn any steed into a thing of incredible might. But she would not risk Jin-nu this way. Only a mammoth, a massively powerful beast, will suit. And so she gathers her circle and explains her plans to go to the north.

Before Non Valon finally took his leave to return to his own lands, Gallius had spoken to him of her ambition, and mentioned Ramar's traveler's tales. "The Bull of the North rules the icewalkers," was the Lunar's reply. "He is known to us. He and his people command the great beasts of the north and use them as war machines, even as you seek to." He taught a songline to the Circle, a path north into the Bull's territory. Fortunately it is one that can be followed from the air.

It's the seventh day of Ascending Earth when the Circle boards their sky-ship. With them are three soldiers of the merchant marines, trained sailors and fighters taken from the ranks of Gallius' nation. Along as well is Rabby, who practically preens and struts with pride. She has many tales to tell of Nexus, and of her time with her Lunar mentor there, and her boasts will be well-received at the next _tlak_.

Tall trees with rough bark fly past as the skyship sails north, crossing through the intermediate lands where the Eastern and Northern Thresholds meet. Densely green hills overlook rushing rivers; mountains and ranges of hills rise and fall, verdantly cloaked with forests. The Solars are dressed in furs, and this is more than adequate preparation against the gradually falling temperatures and blustery wind. Sometimes, the ship streaks past an eagle or other predatory bird winging its way through the cool air, while other times the small hints of brown and red mark a tiny village or small town far below on the face of the world.

Many days pass before the Essence-borne craft approaches the peaks and sharp valleys that mark the southern border of Icewalker territory. Ramar's sharp eyes can discern the points of color and thin trails of smoke that mark individual settlements. Snow is splashed haphazardly across the peaks of mountains, sparkling white paint from some great god's brush. The wind teases through the passes, taking its cruel pleasure in tormenting the travelers with its cold caresses. The end of the journey comes into sight at last, and the party can discern mountains wrapped with mist. Indentations in the rock support shallow pockets of deep fog, and the howls of the North's hungry beasts can be heard in the distance.

The rudely-walled town is composed of mud-brick, logs and bone. It broods atop a plateau in the mountains, and three lines of smoke trail upward into the cloudy heavens. Other plumes can be seen staining the sky with their marks, and the Circle remembers the steam-vents of Nexus as they behold these last. This is the "City of Bones and Brass", according to the songline Valon taught, and the Circle approaches the front gates cautiously. Their sky-ship remains behind, well guarded.

Gallius feels rather strange, bundled against the chill air. She examines the city gates curiously. She's just glad that something here is familiar. She approaches the gate and knocks a gauntled fist against it. She calls out in Riverspeak, "Hello! We wish to enter!"

Chi-Yosh moves through the snow of the plateau, and despite the chill his hopes are high. These people are "barbarians", as is he. But his heritage has made him comfortable to these customs - more than those of the large cities he's seen - and the visit to the Korad recently have all but reaffirmed his ease in those ways. But they are of the North, and customs may differ.

There's some stirring behind the gate, and a face appears, pock-marked and stained with soot, over the top of the fence. He jabbers rapidly, then gestures out toward the distant sky-ship.

Replying in the language the man has called out in, Ramar explains who it is they are, and what it is they have ridden in on. "We've come to the city in peace, if it helps any." He checks with the others as the snow shifts lazily beneath his footsteps. He looks up at the gate, wondering, "May we enter?"

Davron's forehead furrows in perplexity at the strange tongue. Though he's just about able to get the drift of the watchman's challenge, he looks quite relieved that Ramar seems more ready to take over the role of spokesman.

"What's your business here?" the grimy guard inquires, suspiciously. "Who are you?" A few other faces peek curiously over the wall, then disappear again. In the distance, the Circle can discern a rhythmic throbbing or pounding sound, as of the steam machines of Nexus. Perhaps steam power has found its way here.

Chi-Yosh understands the man atop the wall. The Airtongue is different from the East language, but they have similarities that can overlap. It becomes more clear with the more heads that appear, the tone of his voice. Glancing among his Circle, the Dawn taps his forehead, before looking back up at the gatekeeper. Upon his brow shines the sunburst, flecks of snow sticking to it before melting away under the light. "We seek the Bull of the North. To talk."

The faces disappear as one. Almost a quarter of an hour passes, while the Circle waits patiently in the cold wind. Finally the gates creak open, revealing the city within. The avenue into the town is lined with fur-clad figures, and they are armed to a man. None look expressly unpleasant; the aura is wariness and uncertainty, not hostility. Striding down the avenue is a man wearing a thick cloak with hide armor underneath. Though short of stature, he's built like a bear, with wild iron-grey hair and piercing eyes.

He speaks, with the voice of the howling north wind, and a slight scowl on his face. "I am Yurgen Kaneko," his voice booms. "Master of this place. What do ye want?"

Gallius bows to the other solar. "I am Gallius Leom, and this is my circle and our friend." At this point Gallius introduces each of her companions, the friend being Rabby, who Gallius imagines would not appreciate being included in the circle. "We come here because I seek a creature that can smash walls flat, and I have heard that in this land such beasts exist."

Yurgen's scowl deepens. "The mammoths, you mean," he says, flatly. "What do you want them for?" Clearly this man is accustomed to speaking his mind; he steps through the fire rather than dancing around it.

"To destroy the walls of Harborhead," says Gallius. "And many other walls besides. We are working on uniting the Hundred Kingdoms, and many strong places might stand in our way. Why go around them when we might go through them instead?"

This draws a chuckle from the barbarian war-leader, and he turns. "Come," he commands, gesturing. The men and women lining the avenue lower their spears; the gates swing noisily shut. Yurgen leads the way through the town, not speaking. On the way, the Circle looks to the left and the right, discerning the origin of the name. If the creature described as a mammoth is of great size and singular shape, then it must be mammoth's bones that provide support and structure for many of the buildings here. Present also are steam-engines, or the sign of them, apparently being used to pump water or power automatic drills at various sites around the city. At last the group arrives at a long-house of stone, and Yurgen leads the way inside.

"Make yourselves comfortable," he says, gesturing at the piles of furs and chairs about. Attendants bring hot cider, alcohol, and tea. Yurgen seats himself at a throne of hide and bone, settling in comfortably.

Ramar takes a seat on one of the chairs that have been set out for them.

Chi-Yosh drops onto the furs and crosses his legs, shedding the outermost layer of furred overcoat. While unused to the outside cold, he is unaccustomed to the layers as well, and the longhouse is warm from the mighty hearth.

Gallius settles herself on a pile of furs and looks to Yurgen. "This is a hard place to live, but these people survive it very well. Most impressive." The lady smiles and looks around, admiring the rugged beauty of this place. "I hope our appearance is not a great inconvenience."

Ramar reclines on his chair, folding his legs beneath the furs he wears as he looks around. He's quite comfortable indoors and out, and he casts his gaze about the room as he waits on Yurgen and Gallius. He smiles, "It is a nice place. I was not aware you had steam power this far to the North. It is good, I believe..."

"Inconvenience? No. It is a surprise," corrects Yurgen. He takes a long draw from an impressively large bone-handled stein, then sits back, regarding the Solars with a long and appraising stare. "You'll not find mammoths easy to tame. You want riders, too, I reckon."

"It would help if we had some who knew how to ride and care for the creatures, yes," says Gallius. "And I imagine they are very difficult to tame, but I am not afraid to try it. I have tried my hand at horses. This should be far more dangerous, but not entirely unfamiliar." The lady laughs and admits, "I imagine this will be very interesting. I just hope I don't break too much in my attempt."

"I'll bet I could do it." Mutters Ramar, "Give me a little while with one of them, and I believe I could even ride it." He grins, "Although of course, I imagine your own men are more skilled than I."

"You can wander the region and tame your own," observes Yurgen with a slight smile. "I won't stop you. If you want any from my herd, though, you'll want riders. Decide how fast you want them."

"Well, Yurgen," says Gallius. "Time is always against us, as you know. I had not come prepared to offer a barter, but if there is something you are interested in that we can offer in exchange, we might be able to aid each other and save my ribs from breaking."

Chi-Yosh rises to collect himself a stein of cider. The warmth is good on his fingers and stomach. He can imagine most beasts are tamable. Though some are likely too wild to allow it, as their nature. Immediately the great lizard encountered during the Trials bubbles to mind. "We are a budding nation in the East, as you are in the North. We are open to aiding others of Helios."

"Show me your Caste marks," commands the stout war-leader, after a moment.

Four Caste marks burn incandescent; Yurgen surveys them for long moments, then flicks a silent signal with three fingers at one of his followers. This worthy leaves the long-house rapidly, and the man smiles grimly. "It seems prayers are answered indeed. You," he says, pointing at Ramar. "I need you for three days. After that.. I have one thing I want, and you can have your mammoths in return."

"If you have need of me, then I am afraid I must ask what it is you have need of me for. As well as what this one thing you desire is." Ramar has a curious expression on his face, as though he's wary of something or another. Perhaps it has something to do with the recent dealings in Nexus.

"I need oaths sanctified," says Yurgen, plainly. "I hear it is a power your type possess."

"Alright. What oaths am I to be sanctifying," asks Ramar.

Yurgen scowls. "Sure in a hurry, you all are. There are tribal leaders who have pledged me support. I want 'em bound to their word. Is that good enough for you?"

Gallius lets Ramar barter with Yurgen. Since it's apparently all on him at this point. The 'one thing' she is very curious about, as well, though. To her, Yurgen's request sounds very fair. So far, at least.

"I am in no hurry just yet. I am simply curious as to what it is I am agreeing to, before I agree to it." Ramar bows his head, "I mean you no offense either... though there is one last thing... what is this 'one thing' you desire after the oaths are sanctified?"

"I want one more oath, between us," says Yurgen. "I'll not be ready to make my moves until Calibration, but it strikes me that you're better prepared, and more aggressive. I want an oath from each of you that you'll respect my rule in the land I control."

Ramar smiles, "You mean you want assurance that we don't take your own mammoths and in turn use them to march over your army while you prepare to make your move against whomever it is you are striking."

"Wouldn't you?" asks Yurgen, sounding just a bit testy.

Davron chuckles. "We certainly would. And do. I take it you would be willing likewise to swear that you will respect _our_ lands, in return?"

"I would - if I were coming to you for weapons of war," says Yurgen, looking pointedly at Davron.

"I will," Says Chi-Yosh, regarding the man. He has not seen the kind of ruler this Solar is, but he has a measure of him. "You will be regarded as a rightful ruler of your lands, as Chosen of Helios should be."

Gallius thinks for a time, making sure that this oath isn't one of surrendering the right to ever strive against this man whom she knows nothing of. Having come to the conclusion that it leaves her plenty of leeway for legitatime grievances, she says, "I will swear this oath."

"Very well then. How long would you have this oath last?" Ramar nods, "It sounds sensible, agreeable even. Although," he nods to the rest of the party, "If you like, we can always go after other mammoths. I am happy to sanctify the oath."

Yurgen looks from face to face, judging the reactions of each Solar, studying their expressions and frowning. He rises from his throne, setting aside his stein, and approaches Ramar, mumbling, "damnable civilized jackrabbits," to himself. He thrusts out a gloved fist, and calmly and clearly speaks in his old and blustery voice. "I swear that I mean no binding or betrayal by the oath I demand of these four Exalted. Now, invoke your power!"

Davron stands. "Well spoken, sir," he says, reaching out to touch the other man's hand. He may have lived his childhood in a minor enclave of civilization, but he has come to respect the directness of the 'barbarians' of the world.

Chi-Yosh stands with Davron, and crosses without question. Although, amusement is lurking behind his lips.

With his hand placed against the hand of Yurgen, the bull of the North, Ramar begins to speak. The words of the Oath are a soft whisper, though they echo throughout the air itself in this room. Glowing runes symbolizing the Oath being sanctified, in the script of Yu-Shan, materialize in the air, burning brightly as they rise, taking the Oath to the heavens. "It is done."

The barbarian leader looks about, with eyes somewhat wide. "Is that it?" he asks, in a curious and somewhat surprised voice. Even with his bluster and power, he reveals the emotions engendered by a truly new experience. Even so, he regains his composure quickly. "Very well, speak your oath now. That you will respect my rule in the land I hold."

Ramar nods, and though beads of sweat may be forming around the Eclipse's brow, he will once again sanctify the Oath that is spoken. As the Circle swears to respect the rule of his lands, Ramar has a somewhat far off look in his eyes, as though he were gazing to Yu-Shan. He nods, and once again there is the display of symbols and Yu-Shan's burning brand. Ramar smiles, "There, it is done."

Yurgen nods again, smiling. He seems in rather better spirits now. "Well then. It will take three days for the chieftains to gather here. In the meantime, choose your mammoths, speak with riders, and enjoy my hearth and table like your own."

Chi-Yosh takes a sip of the warm, spiced drink, before offering conversationally as the mood lightens, "Good cider."

Ramar smiles, "Indeed we shall. Thank you for your time and for listening to our requests." He bows his head, and takes a sip of the cider. "You are right, Chi-Yosh. It is good."

"It's poisoned," remarks Yurgen, looking from face to face.

Looking from face to face again, Yurgen digests the responses of his guests. A broad smile cracks over his tanned and weather-lined face, and he bursts out laughing. "Haw!" Slapping his knee and doubling over, he keeps guffawing in his rough, uncultured way. "Better than I'd expected. You're alright."

Davron doesn't move a muscle except to give a wry grin. "That's why you waited until we'd all had some before telling us," he remarks dryly.

Ramar grins, "Ah. It must be the poison that adds to the flavor of the cider..." He leans back in his chair. "At least we're alright."

"You know, there's some real jackrabbits, especially from Gethamane and elsewhere," explains Yurgen. "I got no time for jackrabbits, who'll run from even the wind in the grass. But you I like."

Gallius rises from where she sits and says, "Well, we have three days, right? I will have to try my hand at finding and taming the greatest mammoth outside your herds, Yurgen." She explains, "I will ride nothing that I have not the courage to tame, nor ask any beast to face what I would not. Besides, I have to find out first-hand if these creatures are as mighty as I have heard."

The leader waves a hand. "Be my guest. We got plenty of medicine stocked up in case."

Ramar chuckles at Gallius, "Alright then. If you're going to ride one... I suppose I may as well try my hand at it..." He grins, "Who knows... I may be useful for something for once."

Chi-Yosh, at first, had seemed surprised. But after the initial message, he downed the mug, as the man bursts in mirth. "You are honest," He says to the Bull of the North.

---

Gallius spends her days borrowing some of the mammoth riders. She asks them for help in judging the quality of a mammoth and the most likely place to find them. Since they have more experience, she also asks how they tame and break these creatures for riding. Once she has the information she needs, she will head out to find herself a target. To tame or to get trampled by, she thinks to herself.

Gallius finds the greatest mammoth she can and stalks it. Using the primitive equipment given to her by the riders for this purpose, she leaps to the back of the great creature and wrestles with it, will against will. After her strength is proven to the great beast it begins to obey and heed her wishes, going where she wills. Proudly she rides the creature to Yurgen's gates, calling out and laughing, "Tell Yurgen that he can keep his medicine!"

Ramar will spend his days taking the reins of a mammoth, so to speak. Though they may be significantly larger than a horse, he will attempt it just the same. His ways are gentler, instead of breaking the creature, he seeks to befriend it. To earn its trust as best he can, and to learn its limits and its ways. Ramar watches the beasts as they trample the ground, causing the ground to shake, and he watches their muscles and learns where to place himself, where to avoid being. And so he too will take a mammoth for a ride.

Ramar fares notably worse than Gallius. For example, she did not get thrown back into the ground by the mammoth's trunk, nor nearly gored by the tusks. However, Ramar manages to give himself a good showing once he manages to climb aboard. It has hurt him, perhaps, but now Ramar commands it deftly, and so it tramps around the city, before Ramar goes in, asking for the medicine. "Tell Yurgen that he can give Gallius' medicine to Ramar..." he groans, wincing as he inspects his bruises.

Chi-Yosh takes this opportunity to enjoy himself. When not on hand as Gallius and Ramar goes to claim their mammoth in case serious injury occurs, the Su'Katan is out in the snow, often lobbing snowball after snowball at Rabby or Davron in passing. When not busy with the Mammoth, Chi-Yosh entices the Eclipse and Lunar to go out and explore the plateau; Ramar knows how to live off many lands, and this one is foreign to the Dawn. The rest is enjoyed in the company of Yurgen. There is a resemblance in the Northern Leader, an echo in him that Chi-Yosh feels from the past. It is mirrored from the sights of the mountains over the great White Plains, something rooted deep in the heart of his spark.

Rabby remained quiet while the Solars had their dealings with each other; she was more than a little uncertain about the presence of the Sun's Chosen all in the same place. Out in the wild, however, she is again in her element as a Lunar, and her apprehension about her position regarding Yurgen has evaporated. She too has shown an interest in the mammoths, though for distinctly different reasons. And when she returns at the end of the second day, clothes stained with blood and a feral smile on her face, nobody feels like questioning her too closely.

Davron, meanwhile, isn't nearly so interested in the mammoths. Especially after seeing what happened to Ramar, he decides that learning to ride the magnificent woolly brutes is a task he would rather pursue in a more leisurely fashion. In the meantime, a more practical matter piques his interest - how do you get a thousand tons of mammoth from one end of the world to the other? In the absence of a fleet of airships at the ready, he decides to turn to sorcery for help - and thus, in turn, to the spirit ring. An answer is readily forthcoming, in the form of a spell that can summon a winged servant to carry many tons of cargo vast distances.

That question answered to his satisfaction, Davron can now turn his attention to matters of more personal interest - the steam engines that give the City of Bone and Brass a part of its name. Indulging his love for the study of mechanisms and artifacts, Davron asks leave of Yurgen to spend the next few days studying the brass constructions. He takes copious notes, and finds himself once again contemplating new uses for the power of steam.

When questioned, the icewalkers present declare no great knowledge of the machinery. "Ask the chieftain," is their reply. "We drill where he and Samea direct."

In three days' time after the arrival of the Circle, Yurgen's loyal icewalkers have welcomed over a dozen tribes - their chieftains or sons, and chosen warriors. They gather in Yurgen's long-house, where a sumptuous feast is laid out. The barbaric splendor of the meal is a radical change from the more cultured expectations of the Solar Circle, but little time indeed is lost in digging in. And when all are fed to the bursting point, and replete with wine, cider or other drinks, Yurgen commands them to rise. "Now that you've enjoyed my table," he calls, "it is time. A visitor has come who'll sanctify your oaths of loyalty. I trust you all as faithful and honorable men. I wouldn't have you under me otherwise. This oath is to show all that Heaven itself honors you and your word to me, and to each other." At this the visitors stamp their steins and mugs and fists on the table; they aren't sure what the man has in mind, but such words of praise cannot go unremarked.

Over the next four hours, a chieftain or war-leader will come forward, swear in the presence of all and sundry his faithful service to the Bull of the North. Afterward, each man is taken back, and Yurgen speaks with them privately in the recesses of his hall while the other chieftains continue to talk amongst themselves. Each man and his retinue leave contentedly, and the next comes in his place to take an oath.

It is well past dark when the last oath has been administered, and the Solars are shown to the tents they've been assigned for the duration of their stay. Yurgen has not been stingy; many of the enormous mammoths he's donated to the Circle are large, strong and tractable. They've been set aside for transportation. Davron remains behind after the ceremony, questioning Yurgen about the drilling and steam-machines he's witnessed.

"There's something under the ground," is the Bull's reply. "Some temple or place of storage. It has things I need - 'anti-entropy weapons', whatever those are, and other things of the old world."

A light burns in Davron's eyes as the Bull speaks. Had the drilling been for natural resources, Davron would've not pressed further, but _this..._ "How... how did you learn of this place?" asks Davron, barely trying to conceal his excitement. His brow furrows as he ponders the explanation he's been given. "'Anti-entropy weapons'... devices to combat disorder... weapons against the Wyld?" he asks, his eyes widening.

"Ah, you know of such things?" asks Yurgen, sounding a little surprised. That emotion subsides after a moment as his eyes flicker to Davron's forehead, and he nods in understanding. "Yes, I'd guess you would.. Well, as to how I learned of them, my ally, Samea, of the ... Zenith Caste? She knows of these things. I brought my icewalkers here, brought in drills and learned how to use 'em."

Davron nods slowly. "I had not heard of _weapons_ of that sort, but..." He trails off. "Wonders of the First Age. I envy you and Samea, Yurgen. What you dig for here is surely a treasure far greater than the mammoths which we came here to seek." Davron sighs. "What I wouldn't give for a chance to study such things myself."

"Return here when your business is done," invites Yurgen with a smile. "I can always use more, especially people who know these wonders better than we."

Davron grins broadly. "Count on it."

---

Imagine a darkened space, perhaps infinitely large. In the center is a pool of light, radiating in a cone downward from a distant spot overhead. In this ring of radiance is a table, made of stone, whose four legs are shaped into upraised hands that support the tabletop, and whose surface is engraved with a miniature map of all Creation. A man and a woman sit at this table, their voices low, their words soft.

"It's been difficult up until now," the woman says, her lilting voice as yielding and gentle as a flower-petal upon the cheek. "But the young one has made a mistake at last. Or, perhaps, was it deliberate?"

The man's voice is harder, edged with strength. His words hide anger like a sword in a sheath, safely stowed but ready to be drawn at any moment. "We care not. The time is now; we must act, before his weapons destroy everything and everyone. A gentle touch is required. Your touch. You must not fail."

A dazzling smile leaps from Heaven itself and alights on the woman's ruby lips, and makes itself at home there. "I will not let the Garden be torn up. I promise."

---

The sky-ship lifts off, and circles toward the gloomy clouds above before setting sail to the south. The voyage across the cold wastes and mountains proceeds as before. The mist is unusually thick, and rests across the sloping rocks and hills like the shawl of a worn old woman. Here and there, the distant cries of the north's rugged and relentless predators is audible.

Ramar and Chi-Yosh both look skyward at once, on the first afternoon of flight. From the clouds a lance of light streaks downward, striking the deck of the sky-ship and sundering it down to the keel. The vessel is torn apart by the unimaginable fury of the blast, and eight figures are tossed like driftwood into the air. It's almost forty yards down to a cold and forbidding-looking lake, ringed with trees, and the screech of destroyed wood and metal still rings in the ears of the Solars like a clap of thunder.

In between beats of the heart, as blinding light fills Ramar's vision and the sound of destruction fills his ears, Ramar's body tenses, pushing out away from the sundered vessel. The chilled air, filled with flakes of falling snow that melt and reform with the sudden burst, bears Ramar swiftly on a sudden breeze as his feet push against the falling timbers. The falling guardsman, crying for dear life suddenly finds his prayers answered as he is snatched out of the sky. For several yards, a flat timber of wood bears Ramar and the mortal upon it's back... and then a leap carries him to the broken shattered Mast. He then runs down the length of it, his feet gripping the chilled wood moments before it crashes into the side of a tree.

The crash of wood to wood, and the cloud of splinters and needles and snow all serve to rouse a flock of birds from sleep and sends them along their Southern route, and Ramar is caught by a whirlwind of feathers as he plants his feet on the tip of a pine tree. As the tree bends, he leaps down from branch to branch until at last he sinks into the snow. He then looks up to try and save his friends...

While the deck parts like crumbling dust beneath his feet, the Dawn is running. The Solars may have a way to survive this ordeal, but the mortals who have signed on to guard their vessel will surely die. As the artifical ground shatters, Chi-Yosh throws his weight forward, and as the Fates would have it, his bulk slams into a man who was below deck. He is broadsided by the warrior who like some spider wraps his limbs about the man. "Stay still! Breathe deep before we hit!" His body rolls in mid-air, more back and bottom directed at the water. Essence bursts in a sparkling display as his skin begins to toughen. In desperate situations, difficulty becomes simple out of need: Chi-Yosh concentrates. His form becomes more solid, movements easing to understand the moments before they come. He knows the water is nearing, without a glance; the Guard tenses in his grip. "Relax and breathe deep!" His screaming breath is sucked in tight, for he knows if the water doesn't kill him, the swim up just may.

Gallius feels the ship crack beneath her feet and can only think of one thing. Those who swore themselves to her. Seeing two saved, the third is her destination. She charges forward, leaping from one broken piece to the other in a burst. The man is seized close and the lady kicks off the plummeting ship, trying to buy some distance. She whispers to the guard, "Relax yourself. I will protect you." And she simply changes her posture, using her body as a shield for the man.

Gallius feels the pulse of essence and turns her head, her weapon alive in her hands. Falling at an angle, the swings her spear in a deadly arch at branch after branch, using each to slow down her momentum as much as possible.

Briefly, as Davron is flung into the air, he is reminded of the encounter with the Dragon-Bloods at Greyfalls, and curses himself for a fool for not learning the spell they'd used to escape the fall from their own skyship. It's too late now... but perhaps there is another way. Weaving intricate patterns of Essence as he falls through the air, he builds a blazing haze of sorcerous energy about him, and moments before he hits the ground, the heatless flames converge upon him and wink out into nothingness... to erupt again on the shore of the lake hundreds of yards away, Davron's form reconstituted inside and his momentum dissipated by the power of magic. ...Or at least, so he hopes.

With the Solars down, and their friends unhurt, they begin to inspect the scattered wreckage of their ship. The sky-ship's engine, a glowing blue cylinder with runes on it, is now sinking slowly to the shallow depths of the lake. It could be retrieved, with a little effort... The scant moments of reverie each enjoyed are broken by a loud and strident voice from above. "DEATH TO THE ANATHEMA!" it cries, and the mists part to reveal a black shape, coming rapidly toward the lake...