The hour is late, and Gallius sits with a few wavering candles, looking over a broad desk. Beneath her eyes a map has come to life, made by skilled hands. Mountains and forests all carefully laid out as accurately as men can. She can't help but smile at the fine work. Already having the advantage in the air is proving useful. "A few more big steps, and then the final plunge," she says to herself.

Outside, the sound of festivities can be heard. Bawling, bawdy shouts, roaring, and revelry complete with each other in the night air; barbarians are men and women of lusty tempers, not given to long periods of introspection, and willing to enjoy the moment. "Hey, demon-god!" calls a voice from outside the tent. "Come join us!"

Gallius looks up from her map and considers for a moment. Stay in here, brood, and achieve nothing new, or go out, join these men whose lives are constantly in her hands. She rises and stretches for a moment, trying to drive away the sleepiness in her form. With the usual practiced strides she moves out of the tent to see just what these barbarians are doing.

At the center of the camp are three fires, each easily as tall as a man, blazing endlessly and sending thick columns of smoke toward the heavens. The stocky figures of the sand-dwelling beastmen such as the snake- or scorpion-men, and the more common jackals descended from stock such as Nightrunner's, can be seen here and there. Between the three bonfires, a number of figures can be seen, though indistinctly from this distance.

Gallius looks about curiously, reminding herself what a general should and should not do. Still, many are going to die for their leaders. To her it seems rude and insulting to avoid the invitation, even if it was.. well, quite crude in itself.

The barbarians are drinking heavily. There's no end of alcohol to be found here, though an end may be found shortly at the current rate of consumption. On a low cliff overlooking the triple bonfires, Ma-Ha-Suchi's distinctive silhouette can be seen in the failing light, along with a few others.

Gallius looks at the fires and considers for a moment. Yes, she thinks she recalls it. The steps were intricate, but the dancers of Yu-Shan are set in her mind, still. She will consider the barbarians for another moment and grin. She imagines that a little dancing should be welcome. Even from a 'demon' god.

At the center of the fire, one figure is most prominent - not because of her size, for she looks to be no more than a child or teenager, nor because of her imposing appearance, for she's got little to speak of in the way of fearsome might, compared to Ma-Ha-Suchi. Her hair is the pink-red of the pale Marukan strawberry, short and dishevelled; she has a tail jutting from her spine, covered in fur of the same hue. A green ribbon is tied artlessly in her hair, holding it back from her freckled face. What sets her truly apart is her dancing, for the sweat flies from her skin as she moves, and her skin shimmers with reflected firelight as she moves in the unstructured, chaotic motions a savage calls dancing. Yet it is not bad, or even primitive. It is the dance of trees swaying, of leaves rustling, rather than the formal mathematics of ballroom dance.

Gallius considers the dancer for a moment and smiles to herself. Here there is chaos, but perhaps order might also be welcome. Gallius catches the wild, organic rythm of the beastwoman's dancing and strides out to join her. Every step is measured, precise as the drops of a water clock. Before the dance starts, though, Gallius' voice rises like a building wave, bringing a song of the south wind to life, as only seems fitting on such a night.

A few barbarians rise in protest, shouting down this display of civilized mores. Others disagree with this assessment, and no less than five fistfights break out to settle this point of dispute. Still others are content to watch the display, and the young girl winks and whirls, inviting Gallius into her area. Three other dancers are also here, and they continue their performances undisturbed.

Gallius uses her song just as much as her dance, and with the motions of her voice images dance of valleys and plains that she has moved across, of battles fought and won. All the things that led her to this day, to these men. With keen detail she conjures their victories for them, letting them see their valiant efforts as she did, to see the war as she did, to trample the enemy, to drive them and break them, and to shatter the powers arrayed against them. For victory and glory, and for justice.

The young girl smiles, and responds. Her voice is pleasant, though not commanding, and she neither sings nor speaks. Instead, she simply trills, as a bird might, though strangely. Her voice moves like the wind, blowing through the animate life of the dancers' bodies. And when the dance is over, and all have exhausted themselves to the point of collapse, she hauls herself away from the fire. Her youthful body is drenched in sweat, but her eyes are alive with fire.

The Solar allows her song to end as the dancers come to a halt and moves away from the fire, as well, though she does not move to join the barbarians, but rather sets herself somewhat apart. She has seen that her presence is still very much an issue, and will cause no further conflict this night. And seeing all these wild people brings her mind back to the next battles. To the next graves.

The girl beckons, smiling impishly, as though she knows some secret. She passes by Gallius, staggering up the cliff, making her way toward where Ma-Ha-Suchi and others are gathered. "Come," she whispers. "Watch how we live, outlander."

The Solar considers for a moment, but then rises. She follows in silence, wondering just what she will be shown by this strange girl who seems not even old enough to be here.

The girl, her tail's fluffy tip swaying and darting about as she walks, creeps up the incline. Voices grow louder, easing into comprehensibility as Gallius and the girl come over the crest. ".. begin the ceremony in a few minutes," one voice - Luluri, the No Moon - is saying. Ma-Ha-Suchi's distinctive head bobs in agreement. He turns, scenting something, and smiles. "Gallius. Sanith." He beckons with a clawed hand. "Come to our wake."

Gallius follows the girl, staying quiet. She hasn't a clue just what this shall be, though she hears something of a ceremony. Hopefully it is a less painful ceremony than her trials proved to be. She believes she may have a layer of blisters still on her feet from that experience.

Down the hill, away from the fire, is a bier. Sacrificial preparations have been made, and Luluri begins the process of invoking a great and powerful spirit. She speaks in the tongue of the Old Realm, describing the god she wishes. It is a great and terrible apparition, a beast of fire, whom she names at last, at the height of her chanting: "Phoenix!"

An explosion rocks the small clearing; the bier, and any body that may have been inside, is engulfed in flames and charred in an instant. A fireball bursts outward, sending Gallius' hair streaming back in the sudden outrush of scorching wind. A pillar of solid fire shrieks to the heavens, growing wings as it does, and a glorious and incomparable bird of fire can be seen, hovering in the skies above. "Phoenix!" bellows Ma-Ha-Suchi. "The body you've taken is that of a great warrior. His name is Tinias, of the southeastern tribes. He has done great honor to his tribe and his people!"

Gallius watches calmly, her eyes narrowed against the sudden coming of light. The Solar studies the spirit carefully, wondering idly just why it was brought here by the Lunars. Time, she imagines, will make this quite clear. She has little to do but wait.

A figure - dark and grey, resembling in some fashion the man Mosiah whom Gallius sent to his final rest - steps out of the conflagration. **For him you wish this honor?** asks Phoenix, its form billowing with flame as its voice shakes the heavens. **Then I so bestow it.** And the dark figure in the fire writhes and twists, growing larger, merging with the incandescent rage. The fires grow dim, extinguishing themselves - almost. What's left is a tall figure of flame, about six yards in height. "Lord, I thank you," bellows the newly crafted fire-spirit.

Gallius considers the birth of the spirit with a curious eye. Somehow it fits, though. It seems right. She shows no sign of approval, however. In her mind, this is a Lunar matter, and is outside her right to approve or speak against in such a way.

The fire burns away, and the giant man of flame grows skyward, dissolving in a puff of smoke as he streaks away. "A good phoenix he will be," murmurs Sanith, from beside Gallius. And she turns, as does the war-leader, to see a woman coming down the hill, followed by two children. Ma-Ha-Suchi turns, while Luluri backs away, tending to the ritual components spread out for the ceremony that just ended.

The woman draws near, and bows low - it seems that there are three children with her, rather than two, for Gallius sees and hears a child in a bundle, held tightly in her arms. "The wife of Tinias," explains Sanith, in a low voice. Ma-Ha-Suchi smiles rather proudly as the woman draws nigh to him, and he extnds a hand, indicating the consumed bier's remains. "The phoenix accepted him, and you should be proud," he commands. The woman beams, wiping her eyes for a moment. The Lunar extends a claw, very lightly scratching something onto the brow of the baby she holds. "May you grow strong as your father, child," murmurs he. "I, Ma-Ha-Suchi, give you my blessing." Drawing back, he smiles again. "The tribe will support you until your others are old enough to join the hunt," he declares.

Gallius stands by, calmly reflecting that this 'wild' and 'uncivilized' army is hardly different from her armies. She has found more and more that the concepts of civilization and barbarism are nearly identical. The laws are different, but they are still laws.

The woman and her children retreat, and Ma-Ha-Suchi greets Luluri as she returns from tending to the sacrifices. Sanith speaks again. "The dead man will become the protector of his tribe, as a new phoenix," she explains softly. "We live, knowing that we will die, knowing only that we can try to choose the manner of it."

"We will all die, one day," answers Gallius softly. She wonders about the choice, though. Lately it has felt like she's had few choices. Perhaps for a Solar it is a matter of making an enormous decision and having it essentially force all choices for the next several months. "We all do what we must," she says rather abruptly.

"We must live," says Sanith, with a smile. "There is nothing else." She gestures to the woman, making her way up the hill. "Will that woman live only for herself, or will she live for the tribe? Did Tinian think only of his family, or did he think of greater things? It is what we live for that matters to us. We don't build monuments of stone or any such foolishness. Our tribe will remember us when we are gone. They won't have to look at a statue that tells them nothing."

Gallius listens, partially pleased and partially disappointed. How can she bring two worlds together when both of them view the other with scorn? "We must do many things," Gallius says flatly, "But to do them we must be alive. In one form or another." She frowns in thought and stares at the charred remnants of the bier.

"Tell me your thoughts," suggests Sanith, after several moments of observing Gallius. The young girl's eyes take in the woman next to her, and her posture and attitude speak of curiosity.

"I am troubled," says the Solar. "I must take two people who have no respect for each other and make them sit around my table and see each other as kindred, rather than enemies." Gallius stares at nothing as she speaks, "If I fail, all this was for nothing. The Realm is an enemy, but.." She smirks at this, "They are barely a serious concern to me now. The real enemies are more clever, hidden away still, and I have yet to create a shelter for my own. And still I am here.." She wonders at that. A casual word, a challenge to her pride from a man who once married her spark. She has seen no indication that any affection between the two ever existed then, and so she has to wonder why she does as she does now.

"The strong people are who they are," murmurs Sanith. "You will not change them. You will not tame them. And the people of the cities? They are afraid to venture outside. The Children of the Moon? They put fear into the city-dwellers, because they know that unless they do, worse things will come for them. The dead. The Fair Folk. Those we know very well. Better that the weak people build walls after we have stolen their gold for trading, than that they go unguarded when the dead come."

"Better still if there were no city people and none who were outside the city," says Gallius. "Better to be one people than be divided." She sighs softly and shakes her head. "What will be, will be. I can only try to improve those who are weak and make them strong, and make those who are foolish wise."

"You speak like our tribe," chuckles Sanith, walking forward and turning around to face her companion. "It is said you Demon Gods call down the sun and turn the world to ash, that you corrupt the children and poison the wells. They say the moon runs red with blood when you approach, but I have not seen these things. But also have I not seen the strong and weak folk joining hands. Will I see this, Demon God?"

Gallius sighs. "Please do not call me that," she says. "If you wish to see the power of the Solars unleashed, you are unwise. We are strong. In time, we will be able to shatter the world and blacken the sky." The solar grimaces, "If you wish to see a true Demon God, I'm sure in time we'll be able to even accomodate that." Gallius trails off into silence for a time before speaking, "But I do not do those things. Indeed, I will kill those who do, whether they are my sisters or brothers or not. Perhaps in time I will make the strong and weak care for each other. If in the end there are any weak or strong left I will have won my battle."

The girl shakes her head. "I do not believe the tales," she says. "Even those my father told me of the First Age. But we will help you, I think. Ma-Ha-Suchi treats with you as an equal. I have never seen him do that."

"He remembers what once was," says Gallius. "It will never be again, not as it was. Or so it is to be hoped." She considers the girl for a time before speaking further, "We must not make that mistake again. But perhaps the danger is so great now that even another such disaster would be welcome? Sometimes the cure is a painful thing."

The girl's smile broadens, and the attractive voice she inherited from her father speaks again. "You do indeed speak like someone in the tribe." She too is silent for a short time. "My father believes that pain is worth it. That is why he fights against Harborhead. That is why he called you. Because..." She shakes her head, mustering the courage to speak. "Because he needed you to succeed."

"Perhaps," says Gallius. "Though he does not need me to win Harborhead, certainly," the Solar says. "I think he needs me for something else. Something beyond my sight. Perhaps beyond his. Once the holder of my powers was his bride. It will not be that way again, but something binds us still. The web of fate has spun us to be side by side once more. To what end I cannot say, but I think it is a hopeful thing. He and I are very different, and yet we can at times see each other more clearly than we see ourselves."

"Maybe. His pride is wounded because he called upon you, and he hid it from you. But he did not hide it from me, and he knew I would speak to you." Sanith is quiet. "Do not speak of it. I know also that he has manipulated you. Perhaps you know as well. Perhaps you do not care, and are here anyway."

"He has done what he had the right to do," says Gallius. "I have faced the Trials. Even before that, though, I was not a fool. He knows what must be done, and his battle is an honorable one. The Realm is an enemy, but they are not the one that troubles me most right now. Even so, dealing with them may give me the power to crush another." She frowns deeply, "I think the Realm holds many weapons my people can use to destroy the Fair Folk, to drive back the Wyld."

Sanith smiles and nods. "I have seen for myself one such thing. What my father called the 'Lan Tok' or holy wall of obliteration." She draws back, coyishly, and smiles. "It was an amazing sight." She glances around, eyes fixating on Gallius' tail for a few moments. "It seems you are no stranger to the Wyld, if the story is true."

"I have been to the Wyld," says Gallius. "I had something that required a quick answer. Everything I seek seems to be a matter of haste." She sighs softly and goes on, "I made a promise to find something. The visions I had in the Wyld set me upon the right path, though there was a price. There is always a price."

Sanith nods, smiling impishly. "It's why I like you," she says, drawing a thin hand down to stroke her own tail for a moment and hold it up for inspection. "If you and my father were married, did I get this from you?"

Gallius laughs softly, "I cannot say.. but perhaps through the years something of me might live inside you." She looks over the tail and grins a little, "You are a free heart. If I did have a daughter, I would hope her to have your spirit." And yet the way Gallius says it makes it clear that she believes no such daughter shall exist.

Sanith wrinkles her nose and smiles. "Then have a daughter," she suggests. "I need a little sister. You must have no shortage of men who you can mate with, hmm?"

"I have no time for men, nor mating," says Gallius. "My children will not be of my blood, but I shall be rewarded with offspring to outnumber the very stars nonetheless. Perhaps one of these might make a good sister for you."

The girl shakes her head. "Not good enough. It seems I shall have to find the right man for you," she states, emphatically.

"Perhaps you will find him," says Gallius, though she rather doubts it. "Men take time, and I have no time to waste on them," she adds more seriously. "I have my task, and that is more important than any man. And having a child takes far too long." Not to mention caring for one.

"Your task is to live!" insists Sanith, pressing forward and speaking with conviction. "How can you know the value of the lives of your people, if you don't have a life you've made yourself? How can you protect the families under you unless you know what a family really is?"

"They are my family," says Gallius simply. "I care for them as my own, because they are my own, in all the ways that matter to me." She purses her lips and sighs, "Living is not enough for me. Life is a beginning. A hare can hide in a hole and some might think that is living. I would rather sneak upon the wolf and snap out its throat." She laughs a little at this odd comparison, "I want more than just life."

Sanith smiles. "We are given one life. We have to make it the best we can. Thank the hare for its life, though," she counsels. "Without it the wolf goes hungry in winter."

"And without the wolf, too many hares will starve themselves out when the snows fall," adds Gallius. "But I am not wolf nor hare. I am a Solar." And a rather tired one, at that, though she hides it well. "You really are a lovely young woman," Gallius adds, admiring the bright hair of Sanith. "And you dance very well."

Gallius looks over the barbarians, then back to the char that was the bier. That was the body of a man. "It likely seems odd to you, but I do not relish leading those I know to their deaths. Even though I know just as surely that if I was not here, still more would die."

"Then how do you know they really want to follow you?" asks Sanith softly. "Do you simply order them or... do you inspire love? I don't understand. I wouldn't follow a stranger. But I would follow my father into the mouth of Malfeas itself, because I love him."

"I inspire loyalty," says Gallius. "And courage. If that is love, than yes. But I do not like spending other lives to do my work for me. I would rather handle my work for myself. But the real battles can never be fought alone."

"Do you think of it as spending lives? We don't," says Sanith, softly, almost hesitantly, as though treading on uncertain ground. "I do what I must do. If I must be the hare to lure the wolf my father must trap and skin, I will be. It is not only his fight, it is mine too. It is the tribe's. We're all together."

"Perhaps," says Gallius. "But much of this fight only exists because of the failure of my kind. Every death along the way lies on my hands. I would rather not be bathed in too much good blood. I don't want you to die, Sanith." The Solar sighs softly and turns away. "But I am not strong enough, yet. I cannot undo what my failures have created, and so much of what I care about must be risked."

Sanith lays a soft hand on Gallius' shoulder, drawing close. "Let people die for themselves. Let them die knowing it was worthwhile. Don't bear it yourself. Let them live their lives, and live them to the end they choose. You sound like a mother who cannot let go of her children.. but you must."

Gallius sighs softly and shivers against a chill down her spine. "I will do what I must," she says again. "I can only hope that some are spared in the end. I do not wish for everyone in the world to become a warrior. But we will all do what we must."

Sanith nods, and smiles. "Yes. We will all do what we must," she whispers. "A mother who loves her children will let them do just that." She reaches up with her other hand, turning Gallius around and staring at her intently, a smile playing impishly across her lips. "When I take a lover, mother, I shall come to you for approval. But in everything else I will be my own person, and follow whom I wish. Will you support me?"

Gallius blinks a few times, then smiles. She takes the hands of Sanith and holds them up, studying her palms carefully before turning them over. She kisses each softly. "I will support you, daughter," she says. "And if you find a man worthy of you, I will support him, as well." Before letting go of Sanith's hands Gallius kisses her on each cheek, as well. "You will do very well," the Solar says softly.

The girl smiles, and brushes her hair away from her brow. "Thank you," she says, simply. "Now then," she adds, in a louder and happier voice, taking Gallius' hand as she does. "Let's go back to the fire for more dancing. That's the best way to attract the attentions of a good man - show him what you've got!" And laughing, she pulls her 'mother' up toward the hill, back in the direction of the ongoing revelry.