In a quiet place many leagues from Bridal Veil, a small cottage has seen a great deal of very hasty repairs. The roof has been repaired recently, the thatch carefully replaced by a roof of tiles. The broken windows have all been fixed, and every inch of the place has been thoroughly cleaned by a certain gifted nurse. Just outside the front door a few paces, under a beautiful apple tree, a small bit of earth shows signs of recently being raised. Upon it a most impressive stone has been carved into a script far finer than any mortal could achieve. Written there is: Here lies the beloved daughter of Rumika, whose love led her to give of herself all she had. Beautiful Sun Blossom, we all love you.

The shoddy porch of the home has been repaired and expanded, and there sits a young woman in a chair. She blinks only rarely as she stares off at the horizon, her lips in a neutral expression that only changes when the wind catches her long, cherry blossom and gold hair and draws it out like a glowing sheet. At such times she sighs softly and smiles, her expression peaceful and relaxed. Whenever she notices the light of the sun, however, that smile fades again and she shows small signs of anxiety, fidgeting a little and biting her lip.

Standing beside the young woman is a young man. He's been beside her for a while now, his hand resting on her shoulder, comforting the young woman when she fidgets. An expression of deep concern is on his face, and all the emotions that embody such concern can be seen in his eyes. He squeezes her gently from time to time, and when he does, the sensation that she is there, safe, causes a smile to spread on his face. "It's beautiful out here. Peaceful."

She pauses and looks over at the young man from time to time. She stares up at him until he notices and then looks away, blushing and smiling. It's a game for her, it seems. Other things do distract her from it sometimes, though. The sight of a great hawk flying high above leaves her gaping. She bounces just a little in the chair, raising a hand to point at it in excitement. She turns to look at the young man expectantly.

For a moment, the young man smiles into her eyes, then follows her hand skyward, watching as the hawk soars high above them. He slowly moves his head in a little circle and reaches his arm skyward. He whispers to it softly, then asks the young woman, "What do you think of it? Maybe we should call friend hawk from the sky... perhaps he would like to visit with you too?"

The young woman only answers with a smile, looking up at the flying bird. She seems to find a lot of comfort in watching it. It keeps her from noticing the sun, at least. She focuses on the motion of the bird, her eyes following it with growing excitement as it draws near.

The young man's words are carried high by a sudden gentle breeze. He watches curiously, calling to the hawk softly from time to time... and slowly but surely the great bird's circles bring it closer and closer to the porch. He holds his hand up, offering the bird something worthy to perch upon when it will. He smiles back at the young woman, taking pleasure in watching her observing the world around her. He whispers something too soft for anyone to hear, and gives another reassuring squeeze against her shoulders.

Seeing the hawk coming so near gets her more excited, naturally enough. Her heels drum against the porch in a steady rythm and she leans forward, smiling even brighter yet. Though she doesn't seem ready to speak, she does laugh softly, the sound pure, unstained joy.

"I can think of no sound more beautiful than that," murmurs the young man. He smiles, and slips his arm around the young woman. He starts to laugh along with the young woman, unable to help himself. The hawk alights, claws grasping the young mans arm firmly. It keens, and observes the two on the porch with piercing eyes. "Greetings to you," says the young man, respectfully, "Thank you for coming down to visit with us."

The young woman tilts her head, studying the hawk closely. She clearly doesn't know just what to make of it. She looks to the young man, smiling at him warmly. She leans against the young man, letting out a relaxed sigh. She looks back to the bird them, studying its plumage with interest.

"Hold out your arm," he asks. The bird tilts its head curiously, opening and closing its beak. Every now and then it gives a flap of the wings, and the young man brings his arm closer to the young woman. "Let him perch on your arm. He won't hurt you."

She watches closely for a moment. There's a pause as there often is. She manages to raise her arm like that of the young man, her face turning to him for approval. She watches the bird from the corner of her eye, her smile creeping back when it turns to look at her.

"Yes... l-like that," says the young man, trying to keep his voice from breaking. He brings the hawk-bearing arm up against hers, and gently squeezes his hand around hers. He nods to the hawk, "Go ahead, she will treat you nicely as well." The hawk flaps its wings, and inches from arm to arm. It gives a soft little screech, and regards the young woman fondly, if a bird can do so.

The young woman is wide-eyed, having the hawk this close. She meets its eyes, her smile as wide as it can go. She laughs when it flaps its wings, and again when it keens at her. Some part of her triggers inside, and her other arm raises, for a moment reaching towards the talons of the hawk. Her arm falls back to her side a few moments later as the memory slips away.

The young man watches the young woman as curiously as the hawk does. When she reaches for the talons, he almost calls out, but then things seem to fade back. "Are you alright," he asks. "Is everything okay? Did you see something?" The hawk, for its part in the matter, begins to preen.

The young woman looks up at the young man. She bites her lip. He wants something, and it troubles her. She looks frustrated for a while, then the hawk draws her attention back away, which seems to comfort her again. She sighs softly, probably trying to relax.

"Try and remember," he says, though after a while, he just strokes her strawberry-gold hair comfortingly. "It's alright, I know you'll be fine when you're ready. I just... I wish I knew how to help you now. What else I need to do for you." He chuckles, "I don't even know if you understand everything I'm saying." The hawk regards the pair curiously, then flaps its wings, almost impatiently as it watches the skies. "I think he wants to go."

The young woman turns back to the hawk. She considers for a moment, then bobs her arm upwards, letting the hawk take wing once more. She then turns her attention back to the young man. She reaches out to put her hand near his face, trying to touch his lips with her fingers.

The young man falls quiet, instead kissing the young womans fingers. He shakes his head, "I suppose I am just prattling on. Sorry..." He watches the hawk take wing, and sighs softly, leaning against the young woman. "I'm just glad you're okay."

She focuses closely the young man's lips. She moves her lips, at first making no noise, and then making a strange series of sounds. "Ra.. raa.." She frowns, knowing that's not right. She smiles, managing to not get frustrated.

"Almost..." the young man smiles. "You have it right... Ra." He tries again, speaking slowly, pronouncing the syllable clearly, almost exaggerated. "Ra... maaar."

"Ra.. maar," she manages. She watches you closely, laughing a bit. "Raa maar. Ramar." She pauses a moment. "Ramar," she says again, smiling.

"Yes! That's it." Ramar laughs as joyously as she did earlier. "Ramar." He repeats, "I am Ramar." He hugs the young woman, almost dancing with delight.

"Ramar," she says again. She hugs back, then tries to go on. "I.. I am.." She frowns, then, very unsure. The young woman lets out another sigh. She still manages to avoid frustration, though. "Ramar."

Ramar provides assistance as best as he can. He smiles, "Ga-lee-us." He speaks slowly once again. "That is your name. Gallius." He kneels down beside the young woman, trying to help her remember, or at least to get it right. "You are Gallius. And Sun Blossom too, I suppose..." He muses aloud, somewhat sad as he says this. He looks back at the young woman though, knowing full well why all that happened was necessary. He smiles shyly, "But there will be time enough for that later. Lets just work on names for now..." And so the young man begins to teach the young woman the names for things.

---

The days pass swiftly, and with each there are victories as well as disappointments. The young woman manages to keep her spirits high. She seems to make the best progress on cloud days, when the sun doesn't distract her and trouble her mind. On the seventh day of her education, Gallius stands on the porch, garbed in a flowing dress that Rumika had prepared for her. On this day, the cloud cover is light, and often the sun has come out, but she does not shy away from it. It means something, and she's not sure why.

"Good morning." Ramar walks up, following the same steps he's taken over the past seven days. He has in his hand a book, a well-worn book from the look of things. When he notices that Gallius is not shying away from the sun, he takes interest. "It is a nice day out today," he comments, "I think the sun will keep away the rain. What do you think?"

"I don't know," she answers haltingly. She shivers as the sun peeks out from the clouds, it's light creeping closer to the porch. She flinches a bit as it flows over her. "The sun scares me," she admits softly.

"Yes... but I don't think it scares you as much as it did before." Ramar steps beside Gallius, setting aside the book for now. He looks skyward. "I've wondered... why does it scare you so, Gallius? What do you have to fear from it?"

"It whispers to me," she answers. The young woman sighs and turns back to Ramar. "It says things that trouble me. I don't understand it. Doesn't it say things to you, Ramar?"

"It does, but I don't always know how to listen." Ramar slips his arms around Gallius, "What does it say to you? Why does it trouble you so?"

"It says all sorts of things. Mostly it whispers memories to me," says the young woman. "Things I don't want to see. So many bad things. People being hurt."

"They can't all be unpleasant memories," says Ramar. "They are a part of what has happened before. A part of who you are. Are there... are there any good things at all? Memories of people who you helped?"

"So much is strange," says the young woman. "I see people and place, things that happened. It seems almost that I remember myself, but.." She shakes her head, "I don't remember. It all seems wrong, somehow."

"I know. A lot has happened. If you like, I'll try and help you sort through everything. I'm not quite sure how... I can think of a few meditation exercises... but, I don't know. Why don't you tell me what it is that troubles you most?" Ramar asks this carefully, watching Gallius for any signs of unease, or extreme discomfort.

"So much fighting," answers the young woman. "So many people dying. Always war. Always hate and so much sadness." She frowns and explains, "How can a person survive when they must do things they don't want to do? What kind of life would that be?"

"It would depend on the life. And why the person is doing the things they don't want to do... who they are, you know. For some, it is a very noble thing... they are selfless, sacrificing for a greater cause... for others, it's not quite the same." Ramar gestures out towards the horizon. "But you have a chance to make things better. To help put a stop to war and hate and sadness. Maybe not for everyone, but you can help some. And that's something."

"It was destroying her," replies the young woman. "And in the end, it was that as much as anything else that caused such great harm. You cannot help others if your misery steals all joy. If you cannot smile how can you warm the hearts of those around you?" She sighs sadly, "Those are the things I see. Those are the doubts and second-guesses that remain. It's all gone now, though."

"But at least you recognize that. You can see how things were... how dangerous it can become. And, for what it's worth... you have no trouble smiling... or encouraging joy in others." Ramar speaks softly, "I do not know if it is all gone. Perhaps that is what the sun is trying to say to you. It's trying to keep you from forgetting everything, so that you can learn from everything..."

The young woman laughs softly, leaning against Ramar. "The memories make me feel short." She raises a hand in front of her face, clenching it slowly into a fist and then relaxing it once more. "But I feel strong, still. I know that I'm different. I know that I cannot do the things she--I--once did. That's not the person I am now."

"No... I don't think you could." Ramar speaks rather strangely for a moment. "I suppose what really remains now, is to come to terms with who it is you are, Gallius." He chuckles, "And you ought to feel strong. You are. You're stronger than most Gallius."

"I don't know how strong I am," she answers softly. "I'm afraid of going back." She looks unhappy again, just thinking of it. "I don't want to go. I'm happy here. It's so quiet. And I have friends to talk to, and I feel so safe."

"You'll have to learn Gallius. That way you know what you're capable of doing, how to keep control of things." Ramar embraces Gallius, "You don't have to go back. Not yet. But the people... they need you. They need someone to help make them safe. To show them that the world is not all misery and hate."

"I don't know what they will want from me," the young woman admits. "I'm not sure what I would do. I don't want all those people looking at me. I just don't know how to help them."

"I know. You need not worry about what they want, not yet. Though I would guess they would want to be protected, to be loved. The same things you or I would want." Ramar replies, "When you're ready, you'll know what to do, and maybe even how to help them." After a moment or two, he admits, "At times, I don't know how to help them. It's a part of living though, not knowing, and then learning... it's not something to be afraid of Gallius."

The young woman nods slowly. "Can we go for a walk? Not far. Just a little ways." She gets tired on long walks, a problem that should heal in time, according to the healers looking over her. "I'd like to see the creek today. And watch the hummingbirds."

"Anything you like, Gallius." The young man takes her hand in his, and begins to walk away from the little house. It's not terribly far to the creek, and the walk is a rather nice one.

The way has been carefully cleared, the path made even by an elemental. The young woman squeezes Ramar's hand, walking down to the creek with a smile on her face. Just the chance to stop talking about the things that bother her seems to restore her good spirits. But she hasn't forgotten. Only when they reach the creek does she say anything more. "Why do they need me?" she asks. "They knew me before, but they don't know what I look like now. Won't they know how different I am?"

Ramar enjoys the walk with Gallius. It is not too often that he has the chance to stop talking and just watch the world go by. It does much to encourage peace of mind. "They need you because you are who you are, Gallius. You're a wonderful person, capable of great things. You're full of love and want to see them better off, right? Everyone needs someone like that. It doesn't matter that you look different... when you show them who you really are... they'll know. They'll know it in their souls."

"I don't see how they can," says the young woman. She sighs and looks at the creek waters rushing by. The buzz of hummingbird wings fills the air as they move about, hunting for more nectar. "I'm afraid that if I go back they will expect too much of me. All those people would rely on me."

"Like I said... it's a part of who you are." Ramar taps his forehead, where the Caste Mark would be, and sits down on the grass. He removes his shoes and dangles his bare feet in the creek. "No one can change that. As for what they will expect of you... they'll expect no more than you are capable of, and you can teach them to rely on themselves as well as you. This doesn't have to be your burden alone. I'll help you however I can."

The young woman sits down by Ramar, though she doesn't put her feet in the water. As often happens when she comes here, her hair draws the attention of many of the butterflies, and they settle on her like jewelry, slowly moving their wings as they bask in the light. "I want to know what I was to them," she says finally.

"You were many things to them. Queen, protector," Ramar goes on, telling Gallius about her role as Queen of the Nation of the Sun. He does not soften things, though he does his best to prepare her for some of the more disconcerting habits. In the end though, at least to him, the good outweighs the bad a thousandfold.

"I don't think I want to be a queen," answers the young woman. "It's too harsh a duty. There is too much darkness to it. There are others who can do that better than I can. Besides, I don't think I have the right strength for it. I was so hard back then."

"I think you're being harder on yourself than you were..." says Ramar, trying to make sense of things. "But no one will force you to do this. Know that you have it in you to be great, to be queen for these people. Know that you can change what it means to be queen, what duties that entails."

"Even if I wanted to, why would they accept it? If I had to do that, I would require a lot to be sure it's the right thing," answers the young woman. "If they really wanted me back, I would do it. But I don't know how well I can do now. I used to do so much with soldiers. I'm not sure I can be comfortable with that."

"I don't know, Gallius." Ramar considers this for a moment, then adds, "They would accept it because of who you are. You're a great woman, capable of anything. Anything. You do not have to do this. I think that it's good you want to be sure this is right for you. Only you can decide what the right thing for you to do is. I will support you, no matter what you decide. Don't worry about how well you will do, worry more about what feels right."

"I will think about it," she answers. "I will at least see if they really want me to do this. I'm so different, though. It will not be what they are used to."

"I know. It may be that it is time for a change." Ramar smiles at Gallius, and leans against her, sighing softly. "What feels right to you?"

"I don't know," answers the young woman quietly. "Right now, everything feels strange. Some things are scary, and some things I like. I don't much beyond that."

"Would it make you feel any better to know that I feel the same way?" Ramar smiles up at the young woman, stretching lazily on the grass. "Don't worry too much though. We'll figure things out."

The young woman laughs softly. She slowly moves to settle on her side, careful not to disturb the bufferflies for more than a moment. Their wings flicker in the air before they perch back on her head. "We will see what happens, I suppose. One way or another. But not today."