Water rushes over the edge of the falls, pours downwards with the sound of a thousand rains yet to be unleashed, falling into mist down where the eye can see. The mist shrouds the sky in front of Ramar, hiding behind the veil, as it were, as the sun travels through the sky nearing the noonday height. He lets the water pour off of him, and flow around and through him while he seems to rest peacefully. He knows they will show up soon...

Gallius steps towards the waters, but does not immerse herself like Ramar. She came here to think, but just as well that she won't be alone. She hates talking to herself, anyway. She will just watch the strange shower Ramar takes and waves a hand at him, knowing her voice won't be heard over the falls.

Chi-Yosh comes to join Ramar after shedding his shoes, the misty wetness clinging to him like a laboring sweat, but far more refreshing. It is the little wonders of the world that make it the greatest.

Ramar opens his eyes as Gallius and Chi-Yosh approach. He opens them well before Gallius waves, or before Chi-Yosh has breached the water. He rises, his folded legs straightening. He seems to shake a little under the sheer force of the water, and perhaps his lips are a little blue, yet he steps out of the rush of the stream that his voice might be heard. "Hello. I knew you'd come. And so you have."

Gallius nods to Ramar. Her voice rises to cut through the roar of water, "Well, I have come. But I wonder why you were certain?" The Lady shows no signs of moving into the water. She'll stay dry this time. "I have only come here a few times," she muses.

"If you know what I am going to do ahead of time," Calls Chi-Yosh as he wades closer to Ramar, "We must go to a Gambling hall some time. We could solve all of our monetary needs!"

The softness in Ramar's voice is enough to cut through the mighty roar of the falls, and as he speaks, a smile is at the corner of his lips. "Well that would be telling you everything... I do not know what will happen ahead of time, I merely knew you would be here." Water drips from his robes, pooling at his feet. He shivers, "It is a nice place to sit and think, is it not?"

Gallius nods to Ramar and she sets herself near the water. Her robes, far richer than they were a few days ago, are held close against the wet, chill air. "It seems to help me see things more clearly, which is perhaps a bit ironic since it's so misty here."

"It is a place to hide the world from you, so you are not distracted by it." Gazing down at the water, the Dawn musses, "It is cold enough to distract your toes, too."

"Clarity, they say, has been found under the falling waters of the world. At times, this may even be true." Ramar has an odd, far-off smile, "What is it you have come to meditate on, as I already know why I was here..."

"Well, I came thinking of stone walls," says Gallius. "I am thinking of battle, and how to win swiftly. If walls could be laid low, the fight will end faster." She sighs softly and hmms, "I am thinking of ways to increase the power of a steed to knock walls flat."

Chi-Yosh treds backwards until he passes beneath the spilling water to press his back against the earth beyond. Viewing the world from behind the liquid curtain, it reminds him of the battle they had once waged. But beyond that, it shows the world is always capable of change, just like the flowing wall before him. Hearing Gallius's words, sounding so far away, the Dawn calls out, "There are sorceries that can do that."

Laughing, Ramar answers, "There are many things that can remove the walls of a city, Lady Gallius. Sorceries, or even powerful and large beasts might do this thing... and now that you know, what will you think of?"

"Beasts," says Gallius. "Tell me of those. I am no sorceror, nor can I always count on having them by my armies." She smiles and hmms, "But beasts can be trained to do their tasks for mortals."

With a nod, Ramar gestures towards the Waterfall. "There are spirits of air and earth and water who can bring a City's walls low, if you care to call them beasts, though I dare not." His fingers seem to point out past the waterfall though, to the North, "There are creatures, beasts of burdens, covered in hair to keep warm in the Northlands. They could perhaps aid you in doing so... although they may be frightened easily or difficult to control in a siege..."

"These are things that a beast can be made used to," says Gallius. "In time, a horse may be taught to endure the terror of fire and chaos that tends to define combat." She raises an eyebrow, "A beast covered in hair in the north, hmm? That might work. Can it live away from the cold?"

"Can you live away from the warmth?" Ramar asks this, then adds, "It can. It may grow hotter, but it may well shed it's hair, or be in need of a shave and a haircut..." The Solar laughs, and seems to stare off Northwards for a while. "To think of it... I can feel the cool rush of winds as they come in from the North... can you feel them? The touch of snowflakes that melts as they travel further and further South..."

Chi-Yosh pushes past the blanket of water, hearing Ramar's words and now grows curious. There are fables told in his village of hairy beasts of old, heavy, tusked things that hold the wisdom of the ages. It gives him thought. If the Su'Katan was a place founded after Lesell, might those people have come from the North?

"The north wind is slowly fading," says Gallius. "Soon we'll be feeling more of the warmer airs again, and the growing times will come." She smiles and looks up the waterfall slowly, "It's still going to be chilly for a while, though."

"The chills are necessary. As is the Northern Wind. It is a portent of swift travel, and of the Air we breathe." Ramar settles down atop the smooth, mossy stones. "What would you do to tame this beast though?"

Chi-Yosh chuckles more to himself than anything, the thought of Gallius trying to teach the great thing parlor tricks he has heard some teach their pets to perform. "Transporting it would be a challenge in and of itself."

"I imagine if we want something enough, we can make it happen," says Gallius. "And I would tame it just like any great steed! It's not like it'll be that different. Just considerably more dangerous, right?"

"I am not certain it would be..." Ramar peers thoughtfully towards the stone ceiling. "I imagine it might be more dangerous... though not as dangerous as Jin-nu of course..." He smiles, then considers, "But wouldn't our airships help us over any city's walls?"

"They help a small number of people over, yes," says Gallius. "But with a giant hole in a wall, a keep will fall very swiftly." The Lady pauses to consider, "What do you call these beasts, anyway?"

Ramar says, "Well that all depends on who exactly it is you ask the question to..." He chuckles, "There are a number of words, but by far the most common would be Mammoth... I believe, though I could very well be mistaken."

Chi-Yosh once more shakes his head in idle amusement. "They would also give the men on the walls a moment's pause. If it can break a hole in a wall, getting in the way would be avoided."

Gallius nods to Chi-Yosh and Ramar. "Mammoth. Perhaps we can find such a creature and bring it back. Or perhaps more than one? After all, an army needs much aid. But that's getting far ahead." But the Lady will consider this and find out whatever she can.