While the sun bakes overhead, Gallius sits by a rock, wearing little but her own sweat as she tries to focus her mind. In her hands is her naginata, and in front of her is a massive boulder which she stares at.

The gleaming of the naginata catches Ramar's eye. He ponders this curiously, and walks towards the Lady of Roleyn. "Lady Gallius," he says, as a tentative, questioning tone carries his voice, "What are you doing?"

"Feeling," Gallius answers. She strokes fingers through the air, "Did you feel that?" she murmurs, her voice so soft it can barely be heard. Her naginata trembles for a moment, and a slight sheen of energy crackles down its length. "Not quite.."

"I feel many things, my Lady. I feel the wind sweeping across the canyons, I feel the searing heat. I feel seventy three grains of sand stinging at my cheek, I feel the earth cooking beneath our feet. I feel the boulder part the wind, I feel the scuttling of the two lizards crawling near its base. What is it you mean though, Lady Gallius?" Ramar tilts his head curiously, noting the shifting patterns of dust and wind. "You are preparing for something..."

Gallius furrows her brow, shaking her head. "Not that.. no.. it's two things, it's a merger. But they must be at the same time." She frowns for a moment, then in one smooth motion she lashes at the boulder, "Now!" she says, and essence sparks alive and her mind focuses, trying to do something she's never done before, to weave three flows of essence at the exact same time. The first strike against the boulder is hard, strong, and true, and the entire stone trembles, but the next time the force of the blow inverts against her, and she is thrown back by nothing at all, sent tumbling along the ground like a tumble weed and coming to rest twenty feet from the boulder.

Ramar ducks back, taking cover as he notices the flaring of Essence around Gallius. "Ahh... I believe I see what you are trying to do now. I believe I know what it is you wait on. The flow is not quite right yet, perhaps?" Ramar marvels at the boulder. "Or perhaps it is." He indicates where Gallius' first blow landed. "Perhaps you could focus on the union of rock and orichalcum, to help guide your mind?"

Gallius pulls herself up, looking rather scraped and bloodied from her very low altitude flight. She hobbles back over to the boulder and glares at it. "I had it, at first.. two flows. The third was off. I lost half of what I was trying to do." She sighs softly and studies her target again. "I need to make three things one in my mind." She pauses to start as she has been, drawing two flows together, and then lets it go. "They must start together and end together, or this can't work," she decides.

Ramar moves to help Gallius stand. He looks over her, somewhat concerned as he notices the scrapes and bloodied bits. "You must start in one place and remain there as well, Lady Gallius... lest the Queen of the Sun be scattered amongst these rocks..." There's a teasing tone in his voice, but it only barely covers the slight worry. "Are you alright?"

"I'll be fine," answers Gallius softly. "Just a few more times." She's obviously been here for quite a while already, staring at this boulder. Snapping at flies, as some of the barbarians have said to each other. Her anima banner roars to life above her as she starts to weave the three at once. "There.. that is how it must.." And just as abruptly she is sighing. And starting again. Finally she strikes out, and her blade bites into the boulder, and her second strike creates a thunderous boom, though the impact is off, and for a moment Gallius stands facing the stone, the weapon buried inside. In the next moment, she is cast up into the air like a toy and lands on top of the boulder, slamming against it and then rolling down to the ground in a heap.

"Lady?" Ramar runs towards the heap of Gallius, and offers her his hand. "That looked..." He lets his voice trail off, pondering the boulder curiously. "As long as you are alright... I suppose... you are alright, aren't you? It looked as though you almost had it that time..."

Gallius looks up at Ramar for a minute and takes his hand. She sighs softly and shakes the cobwebs from her mind. "Okay.. so close. Just a little adjustment and it shouldn't be quite so.. hard." Hopefully not painful, at least.

Ramar helps Gallius to her feet, still holding her hand, perhaps a moment longer than is necessary. He brushes her off, "A little adjustment can go a long way, Lady Gallius. But whether that way is towards what you'd like... is another matter. Is there anything I can do to help you?"

"I'm not really sure," says Gallius. "I don't think this is something you can be taught, it's something you have to just.. learn on your own, I think." She sighs softly and looks at the boulder. "I have a bit more energy, still. Enough for a few more tries."

"Then I shall wait, and help you up when you fall. Perhaps you might rest, and approach this with a clearer head... at least when your energy is gone." Ramar smiles softly, "Although I am certain you will succeed."

Gallius nods slowly and forces herself to stand on her own. "I'll try one more time, at least." She's been trying one more time all day. This time she grinds the butt of the spear into the ground in front of her. For a while her eyes lock on the stone. She doesn't even breathe, but loses herself in three flows of essence, winding them tighter and tighter until finally she lashes out, two strikes, fast as the wind, scything the rocks in a pair of slashes that reduce it to four parts, all of them tumbling from each other.

---

After a day that left Gallius with no energy at all, the Solar decides to rest, or at least not run about as much as she normally might. She is in a sweat tent, lying at her ease, occasionally casting water on the coals to keep the air full of steam.

"May I come in?" calls a clear and strong voice. A woman enters, wearing a long, fine robe of white. There's a smile on her face, which is not so much pretty as.. fine. It's familiar as well, and after a moment, Gallius recognizes with a shock that if the Unconquered Sun wore feminine form, he would look like.. she. "Nice to see you again, Gallius," she comments, with a knowing smile.

Gallius raises an eyebrow, "Lord Helios?" she murmurs faintly. "I did not expect to see you, else I'd have.." She laughs softly. "Well, I suppose I might be wearing something right now, not that it matters. Is there something you would ask of me?" She sits up, trying to be a little more formal.

"I wanted to find out how the campaign was progressing," asks the god, settling in and getting comfortable. "And how you and your Circle are, as well." She eyes the water and smiles. "If I had known you were sitting around taking comfortable steam-baths, I could have answered my own question."

Gallius laughs a little, "I needed some time to recover from what I did today." She raises an eyebrow and goes on to answer the questions, "The Campaign goes steadily, but there are new complications. The Deathlords are going to mettle in this. They've made it clear. I fear they may cause a lot of trouble. As for my friends, well.. they are doing well."

Helios nods, and seems ready to begin to speak, when her head turns. Gallius too hears the sounds of entrance. Ma-Ha-Suchi himself comes, striding in confidently. "Gallius, we... " He trails off at seeing the other, and the god's eyes narrow, though her lips quirk in a smile. "Forgive me," he says contritely, raising a hand to his chest and bowing low as he backs out of the tent. Helios simply smiles, then returns her attention to Gallius. "Well well, perhaps things are going better than expected, hmm?"

Gallius laughs softly and grins. "You know that what was between Ma-Ha-Suchi and the one who I once was is a thing of the past," says the Solar. "But I think things are going well. He is honorable, and I respect him. And surprisingly, despite all that had happened, he respects me, as well." She adds, "Today was the first day I found a way to blend more than one essence flow."

"That which the first Solars called 'Combination Charms'. And their heirs simply called 'Combos'," observes Helios with a smile. "It is like learning to speak - if Charms are the words of your language, then you have made your own sentence." She shrugs a bit. "It is a mark of achievement, this developing of your personal power. And you are the first of your Circle?"

"It would seem so," says Gallius. "It was an interesting experience. I wonder if the next time will easier." She shrugs it away and looks over Helios, "You know, I've never seen you this way. It suits you, I think. The sun is both mother and father to us children."

"In some ways, yes," observes Helios, smiling quietly. "The sun could be seen as a father. But Gaia must hold the honor of being the mother of man, if anyone can." She waves her hand gently over a set of coals, instantly re-igniting them to their full heat to keep the water warm.

"I trust Gaia, Luna, and the Maidens are living quite comfortably," says Gallius. She adds, "You know, you pay a lot of attention to my little circle. It's nice. A pity that the others aren't here to speak with you. They are doing very well."

"I pay a lot of attention to all Solars," remarks Helios, sounding a little hurt. "It is to the Zenith Caste that I appear most visibly, because it is needed so they can fulfill their function. Shall I show you what I am doing, right now?" she asks with a knowing grin.

"You know I'm interested," says Gallius. She can't stop smiling, "It's just.. an honor that you check on us so much. It lets me know that we are doing important things."

The woman reaches down, and with a finger begins tracing delicate patterns in the water, and the steam. They seem to part, as though a fog were lifting, and Gallius can see other scenes. Here, a woman walking, barely dressed in the snow, while beside her a man in armor walks, his four arms bearing the symbols of Helios. In the background the Zenith can make out the 'city of bones and brass' - Yurgen Kaneko's northern home. "Samea," speaks the god. The steam shifts again, and another scene reveals itself. Here, a man in a loincloth, his skin deeply tanned by the southern sun, prays earnestly. A hand falls on his shoulder, and he turns in startlement to see the smiling face of his god. "Panther," intones Helios. A third scene, a brunette girl no more than nineteen summers, on her knees in a golden field of grass as a Caste Mark shines brilliantly on her brow. "There are others, too," the woman says, and the vision fades. "Some who have borne the Exaltation longer than others."

Gallius nods slowly and hmmss. "Many brothers and sisters wander the world," she says quietly. "I hope we can be drawn together, still. But forging a place that is safe for us is going to take time. So many of us, all seeking, trying to find our place."

Helios nods. "And yet you have almost everything you need, now. A base of operations. The wisdom to seal it against the magics of your enemies. Potential students - yes, they will come, in time. The Solars are drawn to each other, you know." She smiles again, curling steam into vivid and unique shapes with her fingers. "One has found you already, has he not?"

"Yes, Dace has," says Gallius. "And I have stumbled into another. Though it was not shocking that the leader of Ahlat's Brides would be among our number." The zenith smiles widely, "That was quite a pleasant thing to find."

"That was fast," murmurs the god with a smile. "It seems things are becoming easier for you, yes? Less of a struggle to climb the cliff.. more of a question of which direction to take at the top?"

"I suppose that is true enough," says Gallius. "But the danger at the top is greater than even falling was." She grows more sober, "The Wyld, the Deathlords.. you know when I first was Exalted I thought the Realm was the real concern. And now.. well, they are just one of many."

"The Wyld, and the forces from beyond, are also problems the Solars of an earlier time faced," says Helios, soberly. "If you wish for any mark of success, consider one such to be the enemies you have earned for yourself. And in six millennia, containment was the best they accomplished. You may do better, but I trust you to see the magnitude of the challenge as it really is."

"I do not think the Wyld is a matter of conquest and utter victory," says Gallius. "I think it's necessary. There must be something outside order, outside form, or else growth will be stagnated. It just seems that Creation needs the Wyld."

"And yet the forces of the Wyld do not think they need Creation," observes the god, gently. "That must be taken into account, as I am sure it will be. Similarly, life without death would be troubling, and yet there are those beings who embrace a world of death without life."

"It seems that the duty of Solars is to stand against such extremes," says Gallius. "And the best thing I have learned is that we need not stand alone." She smiles widely, "The Lunars are good friends. If you are willing to show that you value their respect, anyway."

"Yes, there is that. And as you saw," replies the god, gesturing to the tent entrance. "The Lunars know to respect others' ways, as well as their own. Even the great Ma-Ha-Suchi knows not to fuck with me."

Gallius laughs loudly. "I imagine he does, at that. And I'm smart enough not to try to.. as you put it so casually.. fuck with Luna." She can't help but get a bit of a laugh out of the way Helios speaks. "I think Lunars understand respect very well. I am beginning to believe that all Solars should face their trials and come to understand their ways. We owe them a great debt."

"And they owe you one as well. As they see it, and as I see it," says Helios sternly. "I'm glad to see that they are at least making a great effort to repay it."

"If there is a debt, they will see it paid in full," says Gallius. "Of that I have no doubt. I think they are quite impressive and respectful. Well, at least the elders. The younger can be rather harsh until they get to know you." She laughs a bit, thinking of Sand Spider.

The god - or goddess - smiles and nods. "Luna has told me tales of her children. In fact, she is coming soon. Your ally, Ma-Ha-Suchi, was to come invite you to meet her. Allow me to invite you instead." She rises, beckoning with a finger. "Come. We will hear what she has to say."

Gallius nods her head. "I would be honored. Should I put anything on, or is this suitable?" The Solar clearly doesn't favor one way over the other. To her, it is more likely that Luna would dispense with things as formal as clothing.