Marina and Ramar launch their inquiry from the Master's library, where they are aided by the Master himself. They begin with the facts. First, the Dragon-Blooded Shogunate of centuries past organized its military forces for greatest efficiency and along strict mathematical lines, taking into account local geography, travel times and the other factors that affect an army's mobility and supply chain. Second, the Shogunate fought a terrible war against the Fair Folk and the Wyld barbarians on the outer fringes of Creation, having already been decimated by the Great Contagion. Third, that survivors of an overwhelmingly victorious assault will withdraw to a stronger position. Fourth, that the defenses of the Shogunate were both military and magical.

The ancient records agree, and the Master concurs, that any merely defensive castle or keep would be known, and recorded, by the soldiers of the Shogunate - the garrisons would of course be in constant communication with their fellows in faraway fortresses. The exception would be any structure whose defense was either so immense that no conceivable army could breach it - a plain impossibility, according to all sane military strategists - or so important that no conventional reinforcements would be a benefit to it, and hence any knowledge of it was merely the risk of a leak to an enemy. And the only known candidate for such a "secret weapon" is the defense grid of the Realm itself.

The investigation takes the two south, to the city of Nathir, "City of Spices and Wine". Here, it is said, was one of the great battles of the ancient days was fought. The city's records are not difficult to get access to, and the tale they tell is one of great despair and desperate action. It is noted in the histories that the fastnesses around the Realm's defense grid were the final refuge of the Shogunate's harried soldiers. The grid was activated at long last, tearing apart miles of land as its power whipped through the invading fey army like a cold iron scythe through wheat. Records describe affected terrain as "devastated beyond repair" afterward. Other records, cross-referenced, explain that such blasted lands sometimes became the natural boundaries for nations in the Hundred Kingdoms, as the soil was useless for growing.

It is known that the Manses that form the power-source for the grid are not precisely on its "line", but often near it; hence, any place where new borders of kingdoms were drawn in Realm Years 1 to 30 or so, and where there are Realm-held Manses nearby, presumably signify the "borders" of the defense grid's unknown, but undeniable, power. And along one of those lines must lie the mystery fortress.

Ramar having found out enough to stoke his curiosity, converses with Marina and the Master about the best courses of action to pursue next. "I believe, I might learn some more if I can acquire different maps, with which to discern the locations of Manses of the Realm and ancient maps from different areas. If there are no objections, I'll be doing that until the others have finished." Ramar then leaves, headed first for the nearest city North of the keep. He'll continue, trekking through wilderness and flying in the _Seagull_ when he can.

Ramar continues Northward, drifting lazily from side to side in his meanderings. He's careful to not raise too much suspicion with each stop he makes. If access to libraries and records is hard, then he shall simply come back with more assistance. He's not out to cause trouble, not this time anyway. He moves swiftly, travelling almost unceasingly. When he can no longer stay moving, he stops to sleep. He eats and drinks as little as he can, to continue moving as he heads from town to town, seeking information.

_I am exhausted. My body feels as though it is ready to give out... this weariness, I've not felt in a long while... I must keep on. There's not much time before I must return, and I need to find out what I can._ Ramar is determined to continue onwards, each town bringing the promise of new information. A new piece of a rather interesting puzzle. He pauses though, considering. "I'm near another city... perhaps I shall rest here a day." He will stop to get a good night's rest at a decent inn. The night is spent in slumber, and he will take care to eat a filling meal the next day.

---

Almost as soon as the _Seagull_ sails again from Syllum, Davron secludes himself in his cabin and immerses himself in the White Treatise, venturing out only briefly for meals and whatever shipboard chores his fellow Solars can browbeat out of him. Even at mealtimes, he's difficult to converse with, his thoughts frequently diverting to ponder some intricate aspect of sorcery he'd been in the middle of studying. By the time the _Seagull_ reaches Nane, he's already browsing through the Black Treatise - although still frequently referring to the White as a freshly-learned concept eludes his mind.

Roughly a week after the Circle arrives home, Davron's accelerated course of study has progressed to the point that, at last, he finally feels ready to put his new knowledge to its first test. With some of his Circle-mates watching from a safe distance in case something goes wrong, he gathers his anima around him and intones the syllables of Invulnerable Skin of Bronze. Essence flares around him in a firestorm, swirling, then contracting upon him... and with a flash, it is gone... and in its place is Davron. Whose skin is darker now and glints in the candlelight, and whose footfalls resound with a muted clang as he leaps into the air, elated with the rush of success.

Flush from his recent success with sorcery, Davron turns his hand to a more familiar pursuit - the art of the bowyer. His recent adventure in Syllum had reminded him strongly that his powerbow, puissant as it may be, was also a glaring advertisement of his nature as a Chosen of the Sun. Thus, the weapon he crafts now partakes not of the enchantments of his previous work, gaining its might only from the skill of his hands. For all that, the result of his labours is still a fine weapon indeed, carefully balanced, surprisingly limber, yet still stiff enough to propel an arrow with great force.

And so Davron emerges from his workshop once more, armed both physically and mentally, and seeks out his Circle-mates - particularly Chi-Yosh of the troubled dreams - to consult with them on the next move.

---

Chi-Yosh spent several restless nights until after morning on the rooftops of Syllum, or in the trees and mountains outside of the city. Many things had found him, and his martial expertise has found new outlets. But despite this new revelation with the Exaltation and its' gems of knowledge and memory, more is on the mind. The barbarians of the Korad wore no armor, yet could withstood some of the blows that were given to them. He had thought it might have been due to sorcery by the Korad's shamans, but with the discovery of _yurei_, it opens more potential.

After the intense training Chi-Yosh put himself through, living through the past in secluded spots how to harness essence for yet another use, he went to the Korad before the Circle returned to Nane. Va had requested he see her before he left, and there are questions unanswered, and things yet undone that need to be.

The once-chieftain is approachable, and in her domicile, Va sits with Goran and Chi-Yosh comfortably, as those who dwell in the forests and understand a life immersed in living things. "This is what I have learned of the flower," says Goran slowly, extending an immense arm and presenting a comparatively tiny scroll. "Va can tell you more, of course." And he grows silent while Va speaks, reciting the legends of the tribe's founder in a sing-song.

"Kor came to the western woods, three sun's walk away, he looked about him left and right, and sat down for the day. Made his tent and found his food, and ate it freshly skinned, brought with him the children and the remnants of his kin..." The song speaks of a great journey from the east, and in it Va recounts each of the lessons of Kor. The landmarks, their mythic significance, the hazards of travel, the tests of man and beast, the wounded and lost, and the victorious. And in some of these tales, Chi-Yosh recognizes the origins of some of the _yurei's_ uses. Battles against foreigners are recounted and the toughness of the Korad warriors commended. Recounted, too, are the dreams of Kor, as he is urged on by the spirits and their own dreams of the land he is to occupy.

"There are many more secrets. To truly understand them, you must speak with the other tribes," says Va. "Or you may follow the legend I have sung for you, to see if you yourself can learn what Kor did, when he arrived and discovered the flower of the promise between himself and the spirits."

Chi-Yosh listens with rapt attention. His own people have their tales of such, and he can truelly appreciate that of another culture. There are epics that many do not hear, for they do not care to listen, or ask to hear. But he is pleased, and catagories the lessons in the stories of Kor. Upon the ending, he gives a bow to Va. "My greatest appreciation. I know you are wary about sharing the secrets with foreigners, but I shall keep my lips tight on this." With that he claims the scroll.

Time is spent with Heavenly Aspect. He does not know why, but there is a connection between he and the spirit, a kindredness, or atleast something bordering friendship. The days he had spent in the wilderness being reminded of the ways of old, he had stopped by a few times, but the Dawn does say goodbye. And the _Seagull_ is Naneward set. Upon arriving, the scroll is disected - with some assistance - and the flower's seeds are planted, nurtured with the best of his care. He only has a small bit to work with, and does not wish to lose it so simply. The secrets of _yurei_, that he can find, are extracted in long and hard work, but he does not merely ignore the other needful things. Breaks are taken where those in need of strong hands are given a new worker, and the Su'Katan spends some of his time merely reminding himself of the people he is a part of. And geography is an important thing to observe, too - paticularly that mysterious point, signaled by the Founder's symbol.

The dream is vivid, green and brown with the lush forests of the east, wet with the cool air bringing with it the spray of a distant waterfall or the soft haze of humidity. The Sun has yet to show his face over the horizon, although his aura can be seen cresting over distant mountains. The early morning air is alive with scents, the smell of the omnipresent forest and the mingling odors of its thousand animal denizens. The clearing Chi-Yosh stands in is wide, and circular, with a stream bisecting it. The beastman on the other side is familiar: a jaguar-human hybrid, wearing long blue robes and proclaimed by the faint silvery ring on its forehead. The creature's eyes glitter with malice.

Chi-Yosh stands impassive. He is peaceful, for some reason, unalarmed. He faced the sorcerer once, and met the challange. While more is at stake, the sorcerer does not understimate him, and perhaps a bit of respect can be had on either end. He yet stares back at the jaguar, before asking, "Who are you."

Chi-Yosh takes a deep breath, and spreads his hands out wide, as if offering his chest to the lunar to strike, if he were admitting submission or weakness, or perhaps even field. "For I am Chi-Yosh, fruit of the Su'Katan, Dawn to the Unconquered Sun, and I am here, by your request. Tell me the name of he who seeks what is his, that I may call that name loudly when I come to meet with you in flesh."

"You trespassed on my domain, Solar." The voice issues from the cat-man's mouth unhurriedly. "You have taken what I guarded. You will return it. Soon." There is no further threat, no introduction or social niceties, no wasted words on consequences. The Lunar is confident of his own power, and confident of Chi-Yosh's awareness of it.

Chi-Yosh is dissapointed. Very well. The Lunar seems not to bare that which he would hold more important, or atleast yield to. Strictly duty, business and justice. "And when I return it," He adds, staring back at the Lunar unwavered, "How may I win it rightly?"

This actually catches the sorcerer by surprise, and almost a second is needed for him to recover from the shock. "You? Of that little town of Lesell's brood? You would.... HRAAAAAR!" The roar is something of a laugh. "Let me instruct you then, nameless one. Even our weakest children undergo trials of initiation to prove themselves. You may do the same, to show that you have virtue. When you have gained face among us, then you may speak words of winning to me again."

A mere nod. Let the raspy tongue of the cat scrape his pride, for it does not weather the temperance. Chi-Yosh will gain face, for he has made the stone part of himself. And perhaps there is good that can come of earning the respect of the savage beastmen. If not for him, for the Circle, for Nane and more, then perhaps at least for his village. Lesell? That name... he frowns inwardly, but just gives a nod to the Lunar once more. "I will come, mark my word."

This, seemingly, is enough for the other, for the dream slowly fades away without another word on the part of the bestial sorcerer.

---

The Master combs his fingers through his dark hair as he sits at his desk in thought. He's been silent for the last twenty minutes, studying some book before him, as his four Solar proteges gathered one by one in his study. Abruptly he rises, gesturing for the four to follow him. The party moves swiftly through the mountain's heart, traveling the secret ways to the docks, and thence embarking on the _Seagull_. For long minutes the Master says nothing. Finally he speaks. "You spoke of war. I found a war leader for you." He glances significantly at Ramar, at the helm. "The map is precisely charted."

"Then I shall follow it as precisely as I can." Ramar seems quite exilhirated to be back at the helm. His hair flutters softly as they traverse the skies above Creation, and a broad smile is worn upon his face. "So tell us more of this war leader you have found, Master? And tell us what else it is we must be told of where we are going?" Ramar turns the craft slowly, taking his time to study the map carefully, wondering where it leads and how long it will take to get there. "Ha ha! But it feels good to take to the skies again... can you feel it? The air beckons us as though it were the Sea herself!"

The Sidereal turns his head at Ramar's questioning, then listens to his sailor's patter without immediate response. "She's capable," he says at last, and says no more. The flying vessel makes its way into the cloudy skies above, concealed from casual detection. The map indicates a southwest trip, and the magically-driven boat obeys its helmsman's every command. Hours pass before the Master speaks again. "Start descending. Gird for battle."

---

"So here you are again," the wild giant's sweet, charming voice declares. "You hunted my soldiers once before, and you hunt me again." The goat-wolf hybrid cackles, as a hundred of his beastmen draw their swords. "This time, I've decided to give you a choice. Battle us all, and I'll drink your blood. Or I can hunt you down, instead. Choose quickly, human."

Gallius looks up at the giant, her eyes betraying nothing of her thoughts. Through it all, her mount somehow maintains its courage, not flying madly. "To fight or to hunt," murmurs Lady Gallius. It cannot be coincidence. "I appreciate irony. The hound shall hunt!" Digging in a heel, she sends her horse into an abrupt turn and spurs it on, flying from the beastmen and the all-too-familiar foe from her past. Under her breath, she whispers, "I hope you know what you are doing.."

The great form behind her shifts into that of a savage dire-wolf, a creature of the most dangerous hills of the northeast. Windfoot whinnies in fear and nearly bolts, but for the Lady's control over her mount. Horse and rider crash through the light forests, battered by branches and almost preternaturally aware of the fetid breath of their mutual pursuer as it too breaks through the underbrush and low-hanging limbs as though they were just so many cobwebs. The chase leads through the forest, until finally both hunter and hunted break out of the forest and scramble down the gently sloping grassy hills leading to the Grey River. With a tremendous leap, the dire-wolf launches itself at Gallius, unhorsing her entirely and sending shocks of pain through her body.

Gallius is sent sprawling from her horse, her helm rolling away in the process. The lady is not slain, though. She pushes herself to her feet swiftly, trying to shut out the pain of the attack as she raises her spear. "I shall fly no more," she calls out to her pursuer. "I advise you run while you can, wild houndling. If you stay, you will certainly die."

The dire-wolf transforms itself swiftly into the hybrid nightmare again, rising up on its cloven hoofs and roaring. At that moment, from the north, a whistling sound can be heard...

The ship swings about, descending at a speed almost too rapid to be safe. The ship groans in protest, though it complies with Ramar's wishes. His hair flies back, blown slightly upwards by the rush of wind. The clouds seem to burst apart as the _Seagull_ bursts through them, swirls of the cloudlike vapor clinging to it's udnerside, refusing to give up even as they roll over the sides. Ramar, seeing the scene below, steers the ship towards it, guiding the flying craft in the best arc so that Davron may rain down his arrows upon those below. His brow knits as he whips the ship about, fighting currents of air. "Go! Save the girl... I'll set us down as soon as I can... let your arrows fall as rain Davron!"

Chi-Yosh stands upon the deck of the ship, and while the blood becomes a burning tide inside of him, the stomach is a tight thing that always is before battle, it does not phase him. For he is trying to calm, to ease the breath, and watch the Essence as it goes. This ... this thing that battles the woman, it is like nothing he's faced before. It is nothing to be underestimated, and he cannot let his excitement blind. Act in the mind until you have won. And thus he watches the beast, how it moves, what it does, seeking the waves it makes in the Essence ocean around it.

Davron stands on the gunwale of the _Seagull_, powerbow at the ready as Ramar skillfully pilots the craft down toward the two combatants. Steadying himself with one foot on the hull, he takes careful aim and fires one feathered shaft after another toward the monstrous hulking shape below - at this distance, even his keen aim requires careful control, lest his arrow go astray and hit the wrong mark.

The Master merely watches, glancing down at his pocket-watch from moment to moment, and glancing back up to observe the progress of the Solars.

Gallius waits no more. For her part, she might as well be unaware of the aid coming to her, she is so focused. Her body blazes to life, an aura brightly shining about her as she lashes out at her opponent with a wrath that only a hunger for vengeance could forge. Her weapon shines, as well, as essence is focused into one devastating blow.

Everything seems to happen at once. The deadly beast-man leaps backward, growling in pain as the shining golden weapon cleaves through his left shoulder and leaves a long gash. He flips in the air, landing in a crouch with a pained grunt, as three solidly-shot arrows whizz past him - or in one case, through his arm. He snaps the shaft with one hand, and tugs it free, almost in the blink of an eye.

One, two, three steps in running succession bring Chi-Yosh to the edge of the ship. Essence welling like geyzer around him, it blossoms upwards as a small hop puts foot on the edge of the ship. Knees bend, and he half leaps, half dives down to the earth below, a graceful motion that sends him soaring. Feet touch down with a low bowing of his legs, letting him ease upwards, Kamas poised in the ready motion of the Mantis, eyes locked on the beast and only it. He is to its side, and poised, ready to defend himself, and hopefully draw attention from the woman.

The vessel floats to a stop over the waters of the Grey River and dips into them. The Master's clear, commanding voice bellows over the sound of rushing water and bodies moving in battle-readiness: "Come aboard immediately."

Gallius isn't one to argue with good sense. "I'll settle with you later, hound. This is but the first taste!" she says flatly. The Lady vaults onto her horse, and notices Chi-Yosh, then. "Come, stranger. This is not the time!" A hand is offered, then, and the lady waits, hoping the stranger moves swifter than the wild one.

The beast-man is already regenerating, and he charges Chi-Yosh ruthlessly, preventing any possibility of an easy pick-up. The Solar ducks and weaves, then leaps backward and flips away from the relentless claw attacks of his opponent. As Chi-Yosh continues his backward evasion, three more arrows of Davron's fly low through the air of the riverside, crossing above the Solar's body by inches to sink deep into the flesh of the hybrid monster in the middle of his attempt to charge the evasive warrior. Chi-Yosh rights himself, and as Gallius spurs her mount to leap aboard from a high rise of stones by the water's side, he leaps off the soil and handily flips over the side of the flying vessel. With everyone safely aboard, the craft begins to fly...

Gallius slips from her horse once it is on the ship, turning to glare at the hound. "Twice now have I failed to bring justice to that beast," she curses softly. Only then does she begin to study her surroundings. "Thank you for saving my life," she manages, her tone much more civil. "I am in your debt."

Davron lowers the bow as the _Seagull_ swoops into the sky. "Welcome aboard!" he calls to the newcomer, offering a hand in greeting.

Ramar gives a bit of a wry grin. "Hello there. You must be the new War Leader the Master spoke of. I'm Ramar, nice to have you aboard. Please keep your arms and legs and other appendages inside the craft at all times..." As he speaks, the Solar is currently fervently working with the controls, urging the craft to move more swiftly, just incase the wolf-goat-thing can fly. "Debts can be settled later, for now, please, sit down. The air currents, subtle though they are, can pick up suddenly and well you wouldn't do well to fall overboard."

Chi-Yosh's breath is quick, but it is good that he keeps at peak condition, otherwise he would be spouting red in many a place. Scooting away from the edge of the boat, he settles down, and takes stock of this new woman. "Greetings, fair war rider."

The ship shudders, and the horridly fanged face of the hybrid makes itself seen, as he literally claws his way up the side. Apparently he leaped, or flew, in truth!

Gallius recoils from the sudden stink of the hound, then leaps towards it. She knows little of airships, but enough of this hound to know she wants it gone, and now. Her spear is stabbed at the right eye of the beast, glittering once more as Gallius forces her essence into an all-out attack.

There's a shrill howl as the creature falls from the side of the ship, and into empty air. The howl turns into a hoot, as below, an owl turns and wheels away, flying through the skies toward the forests below.

"Ma-Ha-Suchi will remember you for that, Gallius," remarks the Master almost casually, as the vessel sails through clearer skies than moments ago.

Ramar hmmms. "So who is Ma-Ha-Suchi? And should I be worried today?" He settles a bit, bringing the craft into a more steady sail. It's still moving forwards, but not nearly as bumpy as before. "And moreover, I'm Ramar," he says to Gallius, "What's your name?"

Davron watches the owl whirl away as the boat springs beyond its reach. He takes a deep breath, and turns back to the newcomer again. "Well struck, friend," he says, smiling. "My name is Davron, and once more, welcome..." he pauses, glancing at the Master, then back at the warrior-woman. "Gallius, is it?"

Gallius turns slowly from the side of the ship. She turns away, moving back to calm her horse. "My name is Lady Gallius tu Leom." She pauses for a moment's thought and says to the Master, "How did you know my name?" Still, that mystery can wait. She offers a deep bow to everyone, "It is a pleasure to meet you, and thank you again for your timely aid."

Ramar explains, when Gallius asks her questions. "Oh, he knows everything. Or at least he knows enough to get away with someone believing that claim. You're quite welcome. What did you do to get that ... thing ... mad at you? And welcome aboard."

Chi-Yosh steadies himself on the deck, staring back towards Gallius with quiet consideration. A sideglance at Ramar. Who **else** was Ma-Ha-Suchi? A simple shake of his head, and instead sits to wait. Gallius no doubt is bombarded by much now, let his introduction wait for the dust to settle. His eyes drift towards the direction the owl had soared. Yet another of the Circle plagued by the beasts. This one is strong, and powerful, and it took all of his agility to avoid. And no doubt that will not be the last seen of it.

Davron returns the graceful bow. "You may thank the Master for that as well, for clearly he knew more than just your name. He it was who directed us at this time to this place."

Gallius turns to Ramar, "I.. don't think you could really give me credit for starting that battle. That thing and I have met before, it is true, but it left me nearly dead.. or perhaps I was dead? That is when everything changed." Gallius looks over at the Master. "That is when nothing made sense anymore, and yet everything is also more clear, somehow." The Lady sighs softly, "I hope my friends will make it home without trouble. I hope they can deliver useful information to King Calis."

"They do," is the man's only reply, as he pockets his mechanical timepiece. His voice has no cracks in its armor for doubt to break through.

Ramar nods, "Indeed. Well there you go. It sounds like, if..." He ponders. "Perhaps it's that you've gone and become, well, one of us. If we're to come save you at least. Hmmm." He ponders the Master, "Is she? Or am I mistaken about this one? And where is it we're headed now, Master?"

"Home," is the Master's only reply.

Chi-Yosh rises to his feet, slow and steady, before crossing to Wingfoot. A stroke of the animal's neck, letting the equine sniff his hand. Gallius is busy, and no doubt filled with half as many questions as Ramar.

Ramar says, "Very well." He turns to Gallius, "Well then, sit down, tell us your tale. You've a few hours in which to do so, may as well get comfortable." He snaps his attention back just then, as he pilots the _Seagull_ upwards, avoiding a bit of weather as they rise above the clouds. "Why not start with where you've come from and who King Calis is? And what more you know of the coming war?"

Davron nods quietly in understanding as Gallius recounts her tale, for indeed it seems familiar to him, as he remembers the bewilderment he experienced on the walls of his hometown. "I think we can help you find sense in your experiences, Lady Gallius. And more besides," he adds, smiling. "Come and rest for a while, and let us tell our tales to one another."

Gallius tells her tale, knowing that the time for secrecy (at least with these people) is past. And since the Master seems to know everything already, it is a pointless thing to worry about. "It was a long and strange journey, and I am glad that much is past. But tell me, if you will, why do you seek me out? What was it.. you called me warleader, did you not?"

"You are Zenith," Chi-Yosh says, having seated once more. "You are the Risen Sun in the sky, for all below to look up and feel the heat of virtue and see the light of example." The Su'Katan smiles softly. "You lead, and you are a beacon of the Unconquered Sun. And we need such a beacon, and perhaps, so does Marita, who is marshaling for war against Greyfalls."

Ramar nods, "Yep. Well that's what we were told you'd be. The Master seems to think you will be a suitable warleader. Someone to help our involvement in the coming battle involving Greyfalls and Marita..."

"And seeing as how friend Chi-Yosh is going on about Zeniths, it might perhaps do well to inform you about Solars and the like. Now, I'll grant that what I know is very little, and the Master will likely tell you more, but I do know what I know..." Ramar then relates to Gallius about the Solars, and the different Castes. He's rather eager to answer questions, and to ask more even as he speaks!

"A warleader," murmurs Lady Gallius. "I cannot do any of this if it would betray the interests of my people and my father," she says. "I do not yet know what exactly shall come to pass in this battle, but I fear it will bring nothing but more suffering." The Lady deliberates silently and finally states, "Yet even war can be turned to good, if it casts off the yolk of tyranny. Unless I miss my guess, you wish to see Greyfalls lose this contest."

Gallius listens intently to Ramar, when the explanation of Solars is offered. "So I am a Zenith, and I must lead. It seems to be my destiny, though at times I wish it were otherwise."

"Your destiny is like a block of wood," Chi-Yosh adds. "It is a block of wood, that is not questioned. Yet, when you carve that destiny with your will, and the choices you make, then it is more then it once was, and less."

Ramar chuckles, "Yes yes, well... sometimes destiny is thrust upon you. Or rather an interesting choice to make is thrown your way. If you look at it this way, your destiny is in your hands now moreso than ever. You've got the power to shape the destinies of others if you want. Or not. It's really up to you to do what you will with what you've been given, which is the same that can be said for anyone, Mortal or Exalt alike."

Ramar continues on. "Although it could be said that the future has already been decided and nothing you can do can alter it. I'm not so sure on that one, however. I believe to know the future, is to be locked into it... and that there are many futures in many worlds... just the same... you can conversely say that you have little in the way of choice. I do not see things this way, but it is a point of view. The way time flows, no one can truly be certain."

Ramar glances at the Master, "Present company excepted, of course."

Davron smiles. "We're seeking to define destiny, are we?" he says, amused by the apparent attempt at an impromptu contest. "Very well, I'll have a try, myself." He rubs his chin. "We all have our nature and our abilities - the grain, if you will, of the wood Chi-Yosh speaks of. We can go against our grain, but we are stronger and more effective if we follow it."

Gallius smiles, remaining quiet for a time. "I fear I'll never be a philosopher," she admits. "I am simply a servant of fate, it seems. I would spend my life making sure that others have a chance to find their destinies and count it a good thing. But fate gives me Greyfalls, it seems.." She sighs softly, shaking her head. "I will have to learn more. I don't know how likely it is that such an attack can succeed, but maybe with help the tide can be turned. If I have time and access to my friends, I know I could topple any city."

Ramar nods, "Well time... time you have. Three months, I believe? Or less than that by now. As for access to your friends, that will come later, but we must get to our fortress first. It's in Nane. You also have us as your allies now. We are going to help... and though we may not all be warriors, we are able."

Ramar says, "And if the city needs toppling... we will be glad to help play our roles and to write our own little script in removing the Realm from Greyfalls."

The hints of a frown darken Chi-Yosh's features. "But there is pressing business that must be taken care of soon, but you are welcome to go your own way, if you do not feel the need to risk. Nane has many sources of knowledge, and there is much to learn there."

Davron nods to Chi-Yosh. "We cannot put that off much longer, to be sure." He nods to Gallius, explaining briefly, "You are not the only one to be hunted by the Chosen of Luna."

"No. I will not leave," answer Gallius. "I am a.. a Solar. I believe you can help me learn more about what I am and what I am meant to do. I hope somehow my father knows that I am not dead. It would bring such sadness to him and cause worry among my people. And Prince Casus would be very upset, as well." She sighs again, shaking her head, "What will be, will be. If you need a warleader, than that is why I am still alive."

Ramar says, "It is not that we need one, the people who go to fight and die at Greyfalls do."

Chi-Yosh shakes his head at Gallius. "It is not a leader that is needed for what must come next, but one willing to risk themselves for a delving into the Maze Forest. I am... honor bound to return to one of Luna's children. It is dangerous. It is not neccessary that you go, but I will not stop you."

Gallius answers simply, "I shall go with you."

---

The preparations at Nane are proceeding smoothly. Henlen, the capable servant, has already made a space for the sun to shine down on Chi-Yosh's gathered _yurei_. He's prepared maps and documents detailing what little is known of the eastern lands around Chi-Yosh's home, and delved into the Master's own library for clues as to the identity of the Lunar sorcerer. No further information is available, but at least the shape of the lands is known. The party, too, has spent the last two weeks honing itself for whatever comes. Now all is in readiness. The Master, too, is ready. "The Lunar initiation is known to me, somewhat," he advises Chi-Yosh. "If you are put on trial, do exactly what is asked of you. There are no rules except success."

Chi-Yosh nods to the Master. "Thank you," he replies to the Sidereal. "I know so little, and thus I have to walk a tightrope luck and skill alone give me. You have put Nane's abilities for me, and that I am grateful. I will do what I can, and do my best to see everyone back alive." 'Even if it kills me' is not said, but no doubt hangs in the air like humidity.

Davron nods. "And we likewise will do our best to see _you_ back alive, Chi-Yosh." He seals up his brand-new bow in its waterproof leather skin, and slings it across his back. "Let us be on our way, then..."

Ramar nods, "Hmmm. Well I shall do what I can to help you. I am not sure how it is that I may be of assistance to you, Chi-Yosh, but you may rely upon my aid. And we will see you back here shortly... once this business is taken care of. Safely. You're not allowed to die yet, you know."

Lady Gallius pats Wingfoot and murmurs, "This is one journey we cannot share, my friend. Mind yourself until my return." She turns, then, "Let us be off, then. It seems these Lunars are fated to cross our path. Perhaps this one at least will not prove an enemy to be slain." She sounds rather skeptical, however.