The Inn is quiet; the Master remains present, enjoying tea and a light luncheon. Gallius and the others have left on their assorted tasks. Rabby and Ramar have completed their scouting, and are catching up on their own refreshments. The staff of the Inn, the owner and her children, are confused by the inrush of people, but dutifully they serve all comers whose jade or silver are good, and depart when it seems matters of privacy and import are being discussed.

Tea, hot and spiced, is in a cup, in Ramar's hands. Steam whirls up from the cup, painting an ever shifting flow before fading into nothingness around the Solar's face. "It is good to see you again Master. How have you been since we last spoke? Are things well in Nane?" Of course given the tone in Ramar's voice there are many more questions waiting to be asked.

"Things are as they must be," the seer replies calmly, indicating a place across from him at the table. "Tell me what is on your mind."

"Of course." The Solar settles into that place, and takes a breat. "Many things are on my mind lately. Though there are a few which weigh heavier than the rest." Ramar sips his tea, "For one, the fact that we are now dealing with Abyssals..." And he then goes on to explain in as brief a manner as possible, about the encounters with the Deathknights and Rumika.

"So I am left wondering what should be done, how to stop this place from being yet another foothold in the Creation for the Deathlords. I do not wish to fight them, yet if this is the only way, I shall." Ramar pauses a moment. "There will be so much death in the days to come... is it even possible to stop their plans?"

"It is," replies the Master, calmly enough. "What are their plans? You must know that much, to interfere with them."

Ramar considers. "To assume the guise of someone, and gain entrance to the city, either to sieze control of it, or offer an alliance with them. I imagine they might offer reinforcements, or other services... to help turn the tide, in exchange for this becoming an outpost of the Underworld. Though there is more I do not know."

Ramar says, "Nor do I know how to acquire this information I do not have."

"No commander of men would willingly make a Shadowland of their city," observes the Master. "That is not a price that any wise negotiator would ask. I expect they would wish for something else, hmm?"

Ramar considers, "I suspect not, now that you put it that way. No, they would probably be as civil and helpful as is possible. Offer their aid in this endeavour, offer to support Greyfalls and to keep the 'predators' from moving in. Or at least that is what I would do, but what would they gain from that?"

"Friendship. Alliance. These are things that neither the Realm nor the Deathlords have in great number here in the Scavenger Lands." The Master takes a short sip of tea, then raises his cup, waving it around a bit for emphasis. "The Great Houses have made alliances with darker things."

"This is true. And this alliance might aid them in creating a firmer foothold within the Scavenger Lands. I do not know how to countermand such an effort though, or, rather the ideas I have do not seem as though they will work." Ramar raises a wary eyebrow, "They have?"

"Of course. House Cynis, for example, is fond of using spirits. Certain of them enjoy the experience of a terrified captive, but others wish for a more jaded, decadent personality in an unsullied body. Possession aids them in this latter endeavor." The Master gives a small shrug. "House Mnemon has summoned the servants of the Yozis for centuries, as advisors, assassins, spies and other things."

"I hadn't known that... I see what you mean though." Ramar shudders a moment, "I shall remember to be wary of such things. Then the question remains what is to be done about the deathknights. I shall have to find a way to interfere with their plans... probably by offering an alternative, or showing that there are some things that have too great a cost."

The Sidereal nods, once. "Then do so," he suggests, reverting to his wonted mode of speaking briefly.

Ramar says, "And when it comes down to it, and at last the Deathknights must be fought..." He trails off there, considering thoughtfully, "Will you help me to learn to survive when I fight them? Or at least to guide me to finding the wisdom for myself.."

"That is my purpose," says the Master, nodding.

Ramar stares into his tea cup, pondering the leaves floating within the liquid. He swirls the tea with a gesture, and after looking as though he were staring into the distance, he turns to the Master once more. "There is another thing I worry about... the Lady Gallius."

"As of late she seems more and more convinced that everyone in the world is set against us, or an enemy to put down. I worry that she may put the world to the sword." He smiles, and gestures dismissively, "A trivial thing, I suppose, now that I say it out loud. I simply do not wish to see her consumed by this, to see all hope driven from her. I suppose its rather silly of me to think she would."

"Perhaps it's silly to suggest that hubris and intemperance consumed the golden kings of the First Age," replies the Master, softly. "Yet such feelings must still burn in your own breasts, even now. Do not think lightly of such matters. Be vigilant, for your friends as well as for yourself."

Ramar considers this carefully. "It is not silly, no... and I would rather not think of such things lightly, though at times it seems there are other things to worry about, and in the face of them, other things have a way of falling by the wayside." He shakes his head, "I shall remain vigilant though, but to what end?"

"So that it does not happen again," replies the seer, in the calm voice of finality.

"Then it will not happen again," replies the Solar, in the same, calm voice.