Knowing now that what is set in motion cannot be stopped, and that she cannot look farther than her own forces for reliable help, Egress focuses her mind on the Imperial Manse, the greatest weapon in Creation. All who go are told the dire stakes and the rules of the Manse. All must be volunteers for the task. She will not hide the facts. It is very likely all who go with her shall die.

Knowing this, Egress turns again to her war council. "It is my suggestion that it matters little how many we send," she says. "Few may do as well as an army. We haven't an army to spare for this. As I have said, I will not use any coercion to gain allies in this. Even now the Deathlords must be moving against us. Only the power of Ranapura is stopping them from making Shadowlands here. We have the forces to hold what we have won, but if the Deathlords all act against us as I believe they will, we cannot stand."

"I am now certain we must claim the manse," says Egress. "And to do this, I am also asking who is willing to go, knowing that it is likely that they will die so that I might claim the manse." She meets the eyes of Ma-Ha-Suchi, "And if I should die, they must move on. At all costs, we must claim the manse and use it against our enemies until this is finally settled once and for all."

Davron steps forward. "There is more than the Deathlords to consider, as well. Creation has other enemies, and they will learn of this war sooner or later. It took the defense grid to stop the Fair Folk invasion before, and nothing has changed to make it less necessary." He nods to Egress. "I for one will stand with you. And if necessary, give my life for Creation."

In this speech, Egress does not use her usual powers. There is nothing here but raw fact, and still her presence carries through. The sun shines bright, and though the clouds might gather about it, its brilliance cannot be blocked entirely. "Your help is accepted Davron," she says softly. She looks to Dace and her words grate against his will, "Some have other obligations. Our forces cannot be abandoned. At least some must stay behind." She raises a hand to forestall Dace's objections. "You already know that I must go, and why I must go, and none shall stop me save Helios himself."

The Lunars have their own way to select those who might go, and it seems as if they had already decided this in advance. Egress is not surprised by this precisely, but she is grateful. The Lunars Sand Spider, Ma-Ha-Suchi, and Tammuz claim their place in the group that shell raid the Manse. All have unique talents, and their skills will no doubt be useful in the trials to come.

In the name of the Dragons go the terrestials Vanda, Spring Lotus, Ireona, Ice, and Mountainheart. Their duty is not to penetrate the manse, but to do all they can to aid the Celestials in reaching their destination without revealing themselves. Beyond this, they are to have the extremely dangerous task of rear guard. With a move so obvious as this, Egress is not fool enough to think she must contend with only the dangers of the manse defenses.

In the name of the Unconquered Sun, the Solars shall offer the would-be Empress, but others with critical prowess and talent go as well, so that she will not falter on the way. Among these is Davron, whose wisdom and cunning mind has drawn Egress from disaster time and time again. From outside the circle the Zenith Koriko will come, having just earned her way into the Order of the Vigilant Dawn for her valor in the battle for the capital. Egress does not relish drawing her friend into this dangerous task, but in the end she knows that another powerful Zenith is not to be refused. Dace will be the most senior of the Solars remaining. Egress can only hope that they will be strong enough. They must be.

But just as she feels the bleakness of this task sink in, the tent opens and into the dim light comes the Master. He stands aside, and soon others enter the war council. Egress has seen them all before. The most notable is Black Ice Shadow, who speaks first. "They have awoken." His voice still recalls the grave, and his appearance looks even more terrible in the feeble, flickering light of the tent's central flame.

Yet he is not alone. With him comes Coranna, her eyes glittering. "Your path is wise. You would save Creation from this tumult before it is consumed." She meets Egress' eyes. "I shall be with you." "As shall I," comes a voice from behind Egress. The Spider steps out suddenly, "You may need me before the end." Egress turns to look at her advisor, "I would have you come with me to steer me from disaster as well," she says. The sidereal considers for a moment, then bows. "I will guide you in what ways I can," she replies.

Yet there are others who dwell in shadows who have yet to be heard. "If you think you can leave me behind, you are very mistake." That voice brings a smile to Egress' lips, though. "No, Yana, I did not really believe I would leave my shadow behind. I only hope that your luck holds. We venture a great deal. Above all, we must control that manse. Still, I have a feeling that the rest of the puzzle is about to become far more interesting than I like." She directs her attention to Black Ice Shadow, anxious to hear all she can of the Deathlord's.

The Sidereal speaks. "The Deathlords will come. Through Stygia, the Black Reflection of the Realm in the Underworld, their armies will pour through if given a gate. The Shadowlands must not be allowed to appear on the Blessed Isle. Spill every drop of Exalted blood you have to, but see that it does not happen."

"Failing that, retreat inwards to the Imperial Mountain. Something lies slumbering there that even the dead will not venture near."

"If you defeat the Shadowlands, be mindful of attacks in Creation as well. The Abyssal necromancers can send their armies over land and through air just as readily as you can."

"Your greatest enemy is the civil war. You must stop senseless killing, even if it means surrendering your gains."

Black Ice Shadow sighs. "Most of all, beware of your own dreams," he says. "Beware of falling into despair. Beware of overconfidence. The Deathlords will use these feelings against you. They can conquer the mind of even a dedicated soldier through dreams alone."

"As you have said, it will be done," says Egress. She turns her eyes to Non Valon and Erisus, to Dace and to Marina, "While we are on this venture, you will heed this advice. Our war with the forces of Mnemon will end when the Manse is under our control. Her forces will melt away like a snowflake in the fires of the south." Egress projects confidence, though she's not truly sure of this. It is more important to not give the Deathlords a toehold here than it is to further her conquest. "I will rely on our sorcerors to make this so. I trust we will soon have ways prepared to make it more than a little difficult to attack our territories. Keep the forces of Mnemon distracted, and try to keep them from engaging the Deathlords. They will be no match for the fallen Solars."

---

Having been given the Seal of Heaven's authority, Ramar bows humbly to the assembled beings. "I shall depart Yu-Shan now... but I must first visit Nexus before braving Malfeas... there are things I must find out if there is to be a Creation for me to return to." With that, he withdraws, making his way rapidly through the Celestial City to one of the many gates that lead back to Creation.

The Gate in Nexus opens, and through it walks Ramar. The city goes about its business as it has. That is what makes Nexus, Nexus. Even with the fate of Creation hanging in the balance, the city endures, commerce goes on... life continues unabated, uninterrupted. Ramar moves through the city as swiftly as is possible. Much has changed since his last visit, and this time, it is with respect that the... representatives of the Council approach him. "I seek an audience with the Council of Entities on behalf of the Deliberative, Ranapura, and Creation itself." There is no need to display Caste Marks, no need to show any papers. They know who he is. In short order, he is brought before them.

"When last my Circle spoke with you... the Dowager was the largest threat on our minds, and we were not ready to learn the secrets you hold, honored Council." Ramar speaks swiftly and clearly. "Now, time is running short. There is war on the Blessed Isle and Stygia is stirring. We are prepared. One shall fall. All must fall. And so I ask you for the names of the Deathlords, their secrets, their power. I have learned many Names, and am prepared to learn these."

"Who do you think we are?" asks the Emissary. The words might be rude in another tone of voice, but from this masked figure it is merely an innocent question.

"I think you are a circle of Solars, or you were once," answers Ramar.

"All of us?" the Emissary asks evenly.

"No. The Lady Kratz may once have been a Sidereal..." Ramar tilts his head towards the Lady, "Though I cannot say for certain."

"And myself?" the Emissary asks.

"You are the voice of the Council, are you not? The one who ties the Council to the City itself... I would name you an Eclipse," replies Ramar.

"Really?" The Emissary sounds surprised, and a shade embarrassed. "How unfortunate for poor Thalevar, the August Councilor of the Eclipse," he remarks.

"Ah. You of course bring up a valid point...I suppose it's hubris to cast my own Caste onto you." Ramar puzzles for a few moments, "I think that you are what has developed out of the will of the Council. Their thoughts and desires given form and shape. I may be wrong, but this is the best I can do..."

The Emissary shakes his head. "I am less than that, and more," he says with a pleasant chuckle. "

"Now. Why are there Solars on the Council?"

"Because that is what Solars were meant to do. To rule, to lead. They are here because here they can fulfill their purpose and guide Nexus," replies Ramar.

"Obvious!" hisses the Emissary, sounding not at all pleasant now. "Do not toy with us, boy. What is their purpose here in Nexus? _Why_ are they _here_?"

"And why does my knowing the purpose of the Solars on the Council hold relevance to the matter at hand?" Ramar bows his head, "I do not mean to offend, nor to toy, I wish to be enlightened on these matters. They are serious, and I would understand them as best as I can."

"Because their sacrifice will be yours as well, unless you understand what you meddle with, boy," the Emissary mutters in a hollow voice. "You are still too young. The Deathlords take you, and may your successors be wiser."

"Then help me to understand, as there may not be any successors to learn wisdom from my failure to understand." Ramar looks to the others, the Solars, "What was their sacrifice?"

"The Deathlords - the once-Solars who deceived the Neverborn. Do you suppose they acted alone?"

"No... it must have taken more than them alone."

"They required uncorrupted souls to finish their bargain. They needed the connivance of the Sidereals." The Emissary chuckles softly. "They needed the gods. And of course..." He gives a sweeping bow, as of a gentleman introducing himself. "They needed the connivance of the Yozis."

"Ahhh..." Ramar says. "I begin to understand. Then... they are here because you represent the creation of the Deathlords...?"

"They are here because their souls are bound to their mission," the Emissary answers. He looks from face to face. Thalevar, Lady Kratz, and the others nod slowly. "And when the Deathlords fall, the Yozis will claim them for all time."

"I see..." There is much weight to these words. To lose one's soul to the Yozis for all time... Ramar shakes his head, it is a fate worse than death itself. "What mission is that? To bring about the fell of the Deathlords?"

"Of course."

"And the Yozis will claim the Deathlords for all time, or the souls of those bound to this mission?"

The Emissary shrugs slightly. "It is a bargain between us. We shall see what happens."

"If they are prepared," says Ramar, as he looks from face to face, "Then I am prepared. If I am to learn these Names... I would also know... does this bind my soul to the mission? Do I condemn myself to the Yozis?"

"Would you abandon it if I said yes?" the Emissary asks innocently.

"No. I would not."

"Very well. Then I ask you to pledge your soul to me. I will free the Exalted souls from their obligations in return," the Emissary offers.

Essence flares around Ramar. His Caste Mark glows and then bursts into flame as all around him the cascading motes of light flow from his eyes to his ears and back... in the pattern of motes he begins to discern the hidden motives behind things... behind even this mysterious Emissary. "If I am to even think of discussing these things further... I would know what I am getting myself into. What does such a thing entail, is it necessary?"

The Emissary's laugh is light and cheerful. "Necessary! Of course not. But the offer remains. One thrall for five is not such a bad bargain." Although Ramar's supernatural senses are present, even they do not fully feel the scope of the Emissary's offer. He is, at least, telling the truth as Ramar knows it. "Still, if you decline... there is only one more matter to discuss."

"Which is?"

Lady Kratz speaks now. "When the Sign of the Mask was altered to obscure the Sidereals from detection, I stole away the pattern spiders who wove it, and directed them to my own task. Their threads would hold the names of the Deathlords as they were cast into the maw of Oblivion. They are not yet gone. But you must find the maw and traverse the threads to regain them."

"This you cannot do without the services of a demon." Lady Kratz falls silent. The Emissary reaches into one sleeve and withdraws a slim, silvery-white book. He presents it to Ramar. "You must master one of the fetiches of the Yozis themselves. She will enable you to do this."

Ramar looks at the book that is handed to him, then turns to Lady Kratz as he's told she'll be able to help him. "What must I do?" And yet, as he speaks, it is clear that his mind is also reeling over the choice that's been offered him.

"Read of the demon contained within. Compel it to give you the gift of weaving. Walk the threads in the maw of Oblivion, and retrieve the names."