The Stone of Ages Manse is built into a cave in the low, rolling hills above Greyfalls, a place where fields of grass and copses of trees have given way to stony steppes. The entrance itself is unremarkable, but the Exalts who have come here can sense the power flowing through the bones of the rock beneath their feet. The skies above are overcast; military patrols from the Realm-held city are distant. Their time has come. Confidently, Davron, Ramar and Chi-Yosh begin trotting across the rough surface toward the cave where local rumor and geomantic inquiry converge.

The cave is far from abandoned however, and two humanoid figures stand near it. They are as different as the dead of night and the rising sun. When the exalts draw close, the forms will be more clear. One is familiar, perhaps. A woman of such beauty as Rumika lays claim to is hard to forget. Davron, at least, would be ashamed to have forgotten the woman who would claim him as student. But the one with her..

Beside Rumika is a woman with skin of alabaster, her pale, deathly beauty somehow both equal and opposite that of the solar. Her hair, a ghostly white, swings behind her as if windblown, though it continues even when the wind does not. As the exalts draw close she holds up a dull blade of black. Along the length of it the contorted faces of the souls spent assembling it can be seen. With an almost lazy grace the Abyssal rises on one foot, balancing with complete ease as she examines those who have disturbed her vigil with her eyes of brilliant purple.

With a voice as soft as a whisper, Ramar conveys his apprehensions as they discern the two forms lingering near the entrance to the Manse. "This does not bode well for us my friends... here now we have two more... the one I remember from the Carnival. I find it suspicious that she should show up here now." And his voice falls a bit softer, as he regards the other, "And the other... well, she wields a blade of tormented souls. An Abyssal, I would guess. We should turn and leave now, ere it is too late."

Chi-Yosh is wary as the three approach the Manse itself. Spotting the two figures, his movements are tense and ready for reaction. At the recognition of Rumika he can only smile, only as long as it takes for him to make note of the Abyssal. A simple nod to Ramar. "She has her blade drawn. If we back up, she may follow. Let us approach welcomingly." From the brush walks the Su'Katan, arms a comfortable cross over his stomach. The motion makes it easy to reach the kamas, yet he appears no immediate threat. Walk is confident, comfortable, yet always ready to react to what the Abyssal may bring to bare. Offering the proper greeting, a bow to the Solar. "Rumika." Then attention shifts to the pale woman, eyes meeting those purple orbs. "Unknown Maiden of Bone."

Davron draws up short in confusion and shock, looking between Rumika and her ivory-skinned companion. It would have been surprise enough, here and now, to have encountered just one of these powerful personages - pleasant in one case, perilous in the other. Both together leave him quite stunned - and more than a little disturbed, for it is obvious that the two know each other. "R-rumika?" he says aloud, then collects his thoughts with an obvious effort. "What are you doing here? And... who are you?" he adds, turning to address the Abyssal with cautious respect.

Rumika tilts her head, her expression one of impish amusement. "Well, looks like dreams shall always guide us. These are the friends from the Carnival." The last Rumika offers to the Abyssal. She does not lower her blade, it simply drips away as if it were melting and she offers a smile that is somehow not entirely pleasant. "This is End of Fate's Twisting," Rumika adds, gesturing to the Abyssal. "She is to me as I am meant to be to you. A mentor and a guide on the completion of what I was meant to do." The Abyssal offers a small bow at this, "It is a pleasure to meet those who be the students of my student." Her voice, much as all things about her, is not encouraging, for it seems to come first from one way, then from another, and only rarely does this direction match its true source.

There is a steely glint in Ramar's grey eyes as he regards Rumika and the Abyssal. _It is perhaps ominous that we run into an Abyssal here, now. Darkness has fallen upon us, may the Sun light our way._ Ramar bows his head in greetings to both of them, civilly, if quite wary. His hands rest at his sides. There is confusion in Ramar's eyes, though only a small hint as pieces of the puzzle are put together. _This bodes ill for us. A Solar under the tuteladge of an Abyssal? And yet she is capable enough to be Rumika's instructor... no, we should leave, and now._ Ramar decides silence is best, though he glances around, plotting ways of escaping the doom that lays before them.

Davron takes a deep breath, once again visibly concentrating on being calm, and returns the woman's bow, rather more deeply. Whatever his misgivings may be about the servants of the Deathlords, it is always wise to be courteous, and to return courtesy. "It is an honor to meet you, milady," he says. He rises again, wearing a non-committal expression, and does not repeat his original questions. The two women certainly heard them, after all, and he is content to let the answers come in their own time.

"I am here to meet you, of course," answers Rumika. "And I am here to kill the Dragon Blooded," says End of Fate's Twisting. She smiles in warm amusement. Rumika actually laughs softly, "I'd imagine it's almost the same reason you guys are here. You must be the fools who are organizing this whole thing, huh? I guess I should be pleased, I was afraid you would be too tame and boring to share company with." The Abyssal looks skyward, rolling her eyes and adding, "Probably not the only thing she'd like to share with you, I imagine. Just don't encourage her to dance with you when you are alone."

"I can imagine Rumika finds the more audience the better," Replies Chi-Yosh to End of Fate's Twisting. An almost-pleasant, teasing smile finds him. Though it soon turns almost professional. "We hope to ... convert some of the Dragon-Blooded to our cause." He would have asked her not to kill them all. But asking such a thing to such as her may be considered rude. He would not enjoy being asked to not conquer Greyfalls.

Slowly, and warily, the three Solars make their approach to the cave, watched by two sets of eyes. Within the dim confines of the corridor, perhaps twenty yards in from the entrance, they come upon the first sign of occult construction.

The door to the Manse is a circle of gold and onyx lines inlaid into granite. It seems designed to roll to one side, into a niche in the walls of the surrounding cave. The inscribed symbolism of the door is heavy with occult portent. Runes of Life, Knowledge and other 'true forms' are scrawled in the precious mineral products of the Earth. The air hangs heavy with power. Time itself seems to have slowed to a crawl in this place, and each Exalt can feel a rush of primordial power lingering here, like the wake of a great sea-monster swimming through the ocean of Creation's existence.

On closer inspection, Chi-Yosh is the first to realize something: the runes are incomplete. He can feel the circular door's imbalance of Essence, palpably aware of how much it awaits completion, as though it were a sailing-vessel that were overloaded on one side. Though no great occultist, he privately realizes something further: that Essence imbued into this door in the proper pattern will both open it and lock it, from either side. But what are the correct runes?

While Davron is preoccupied with the shock of Rumika's uncanny companion, Ramar's eyes trace out the invisible lines of association that connect the runes here. What is expressed here is a truth of sorcery, a basic observation on the "layers" of Essence that run through the world that must have been made when the First Age was young. It is no great revelation; it is merely knowledge that only the learned would possess. And Ramar is at least conversant enough to know the missing figures.

Rumika gives End of Fate's Twisting a wide grin. "I think I'll see how they do. If you need anything, just chop someone's arm off and I'll come running at the sound of their scream." For the record, there's not a sign of a joke there. End of Fate's Twisting replies, "Of course. Oh, and let your friends know we won't kill all their hopeful converts right away. We have to pace ourselves, after all." With that, End of Fate's Twisting steps back into a shadow, only her glittering, purple eyes betraying her presence.

Ramar regards the door before them, and seems quite relieved to be somewhat out of sight of the Abyssal and her companion. He gestures to the lines of association, not sure if anyone else will see. "It seems that we must complete the truth here... it is an interesting observation on the Layers of essence. This Manse is ancient. We should be wary. All the more so given the two waiting for us outside. I do not like it, nor do I trust either of them."

Chi-Yosh's brow knits in consideration. "The essence is hungry here. There is a hole that needs to be filled." Listening to Ramar, "Completing the circuit will unseal the gate." The Su'Katan chuckles ruefully. "The darkness is always deepest at the edge of the light. Be wary, but do not lose your head in it."

Davron blinks quietly, belatedly studying the door as the ominous words still ring in his mind. But even as he tries to fathom their meaning, Ramar completes his explanation. Realizing in a flash that Ramar is correct, he blushes, embarrassed that he was caught short in occult knowledge in Rumika's presence. "Trust them or not, they are here now," he says, a little more sharply than Ramar deserves. "Rumika speaks of being our mentor, and that's a generous gift, not taken lightly. So watch your tongue." Relaxing a little, he goes on, "You know the runes to complete the inscription, then? Then complete them for us, please, and let us move on."

Rumika wanders in, following behind quietly. She's obviously listening in to their comments. "Quite true, quite true. Oh, and please, there is no need to worry about offending me. For now, ignore me and find your way inside. If you can, that is." Her eyes glitter knowingly. It seems she's just going to follow them around.

Ramar regards Rumika, "I shall not worry about offending you then. However it is impossible to simply ignore you." _And foolish to do so as well._ "However, if you are to come, then your wisdom would vastly outshine anything that I could have to offer. I would not wish to drag you down... or hold you back, so instead, I shall return to the camp. Perhaps we should do better to return at a later time..."

"That'd be very disappointing, honestly," says Rumika. "But I guess I can wait for another dream. I do really think though, that it is time for me to have some students. Please do not wander away. This is a test. I have no need to enter here, my task has nothing to do with this Manse. Nor does it have anything to do with Greyfalls."

Davron absorbs Rumika's words, nodding to himself. Then, he turns to Ramar, his voice quiet as he enunciates each word clearly, emphasizing the gravity of the situation, as he sees it. "My friend, I think this is a test we do not wish to fail." Turning to the door, he raises a finger, as if preparing to complete the ritual to open it. "Leave if you will... but I will stay. Though," he says, letting his grim visage crack for a moment with a slight smile, "I feel we would be better off if we stuck together."

Chi-Yosh watches Ramar, then clasps his hands together and makes an 'O' with his arms. "A circle can be made of one." Moving forward, claiming the Twilight's hands, he shifts to form a circle with their arms. "As can it be made with two. It is made stronger with each link in that circle." Stepping aside, letting go of Davron's hand and holding his out to Ramar, "It can be made all the more strong with three. Will you join us, Ramar?"

There is a pause as Ramar considers Rumika. _Here I am offered Wisdom, though the Wisdom comes with a price. To learn it is to learn from one taught by Darkness. To learn from one whose allegiance lies within the depths of the world. Some prices are too great. It is perhaps best to learn this now before you are lost._ "That you know of Greyfalls does you credit, and you know more than I." He bows, "However, Rumika, the gift you offer is too great for me to accept. I would not be able to repay you or offer anything in return. If we succeed, I wish no part in reaping the benefits of passing this test."

Ramar pauses a moment, looking as though he is battling some great darkness in his mind. _If we are to be tested, I shall let myself. I shall see to it that we succeed... though I will not fall sawy to the lingering Darkness._ He moves to join Davron and Chi-Yosh. "You are right Davron, this is a test. I care little as to whether we pass or fail, and I shall be done with it when we finish. I will remain with you my brothers, and keep my Light within the Circle."

The sound of Ramar's breathing can be heard now, strangely accented in this place of lingering power. He steps towards the door, head bowed, eyes closed. When they open, there is a soft white light around them. There is a half-dreamt melody as Essence sparks to life on the tip of Ramar's finger. A swirl of light as ancient as Creation appears as Ramar traces his finger along the doorway. At first there is nothing more than lines of light, but as Ramar concentrates, they become the Runes themselves, Essence given simple Truth at the doorway to the Stone of Ages.

Darkness has taken residence in the Manse; a few guttering torches in brackets light the corridors and rooms of the occult edifice. Every room seems also to contain a feature the architect never intended: the slain and mangled bodies of demons, their horrid forms twisted further by the gruesome butchery that has been visited upon them.

"This is..." Ramar pauses a moment, studying the scene as his face pales. "Whatever it is that lays before us has slain these demons. These guardians of the Manse. Do we truly wish to see what can do this..." As he speaks, he observes the demons corpses, then turns to Rumika. "Or is this the work of your Dark Mistress..."

Chi-Yosh surveys the gore within the room with a simple shake of his head. Such is a dark, dark matter, truelly befitting the ill illumination. He crouches, fingers drawing upon the dust around the doorway. The dust has not settled; it has been less then a day since someone transversed through here. Glancing at the bodies, even in the condition they are in, they havn't been dead entirely too long. Blood looks wet, no decay - even not knowing demon phisology, he can surmise at least.

"No, it is not her doing," says Rumika softly. She wrinkles her nose. "They smell even worse dead than alive, it seems." She softly adds, "I know you hate what she is, but I would appreciate it if you used her name rather than refer to her as the normal people refer to us. She has cared for me most of my life and I care for her."

"I must apologize then. I would dispute your statement that I hate what she is, but I do not wish to spend much time arguing here. Not when" Ramar smiles sadly, looking off into the darkness awaiting them. "Whatever it was lays ahead of us. With axes, I think."

Davron regards Rumika with fascinated curiosity. "She has? How..." he begins, then sighs. "I suppose there's more to learn about End of Fate's Twisting and her kin than we've heard in the stories told of her kind. And, as you say, we of all people should understand that." He smiles a little, then sobers again, looking away once more, deeper into the Manse. "But if she did not slay these demons," he says, speaking more quietly, "who did? And are they still here?" As Ramar speaks, he nods quietly. "Then let us be prepared for the axes. And whatever other barriers they may have left undisturbed."

The reek of slaughter accompanies the Solars to the central chamber. And here, at the heart of the Manse, a broken, tuneless whistle can be heard filling the silent air. Its source is a giant of a man who faces away from the party. He is dressed in a dark-hued, hard-ridden leather longcoat that hides the details of his build, though at least his height of almost seven feet and bulky build are obvious through the garment. On his head is a broad-brimmed hat of the same dusty, dirty faux-color. One arm rises from the pockets of the coat, the hand gloved in black leather. One index finger extends, as though he were hushing those behind him so he could work at some delicate project.

Riding spurs affixed to boots of rattlesnake hide clink on the stone floor of the Manse as the figure turns. His face is entirely darkened by the concealing shade cast by his hat, and by the general lack of lighting inside the room. The aura of death hangs upon him like like the tarnished crown and tattered robes of a king long since rotted away. A low whistling sound can be heard from the shadowy veil over his face. The still air is broken by a hollow voice, spoken from an eternally parched and raspy throat. "What a botch of a simple guardswoman's duty."

As the shadowed figure turns, Ramar's weight shifts to the balls of his feet. His eyes dart around the room, before glancing into the darkness concealing his face. His eyes are not all he relies upon though, as he listens for the faintest sounds, and scents that might linger here, aside from those left by the aura of death. "If we might ask... who are you? And if your guardswoman has failed... perhaps she is among the dead just beyond this room? What is your business here?"

"Stormclouds at Dusk is my name," the man grates, with that voice that summons sensations of an endlessly barren desert. His face stays unseen, the only hint of its existence being flashes of brief light reflecting off his jaw as he speaks. There's a brief glint of dark metal peeking from beneath the duster, and the figure seems conscious of it. He gathers the edges of the coat together with his gloved hands in a casual gesture, pulling it closer around himself. "What are you here for?"

"Greetings, Stormclouds at Dusk. I am Chi-Yosh." The Su'Katan offers the man enough of a nod, and nothing else; he hasn't returned the gesture. "We came to disable the defenses of this place of power, and to remove the connection the owner has with it." A hand waves to the carnage around them. "You have beaten us to one task. What brings you here?"

"Hunger," replies the big man, shifting on his feet, his spurs clinking and jingling as he does. "I'm waitin' for the men of the city to come out and find out who broke their Manse."

Rumika remains quiet, simply watching and waiting. If nothing else, it should prove an interesting conversation between three of her own kindred and one of her "mother's".

"And what will you do when they arrive?" asks Davron, his own posture wary and cautious as he eyes the walls of the room... intact so far. "Doubtless they will not arrive pleased." No need to tell this man any more about our own plans than is absolutely necessary... not until Davron and his circle know more about _his_ plans.

"So you are. And if your hunger should not be sated by the men of the city, what shall you do then?" asks Ramar, quite cautiously. He has not yet given his name, though he does nod at least towards the fellow.

"Oh, y'know..." Stormclouds at Dusk shifts again, his spurs jangling. "They can't go back to the city. And it was a long walk here..." He raises a hand to his chin, or where his chin ought to be behind the black curtain of shadow. "Figure I might get started a little early, dependin'."

Ramar is quite wary now. "Depending on what, I wonder?" He watches this spur-clad Abyssal warily, and he spares a glance to Rumika, observing her as well. "If you do not mind my asking..."

The giant coughs a little, his dry throat producing little more than a rasping wheeze. "You can ask all you like," he replies. "Now what are you here for?"

Davron nods slowly, then sighs. "We may be at cross purposes, then," he says, keeping his hands free but empty. "We came here also to break the Manse, but only to deny its use to its current holders, for a time. The men of the city are not destined to rule as they do now - but in our view, they are still destined to serve, and to act as guardians. Not to die, unless they refuse to acknowledge their destiny."

"However, it should be pointed out that this can be resolved peacefully. If all are willing to do so." Ramar's gaze drifts from person to person, brows knitting curiously as new information comes to him.

"Well." The Abyssal hums for a moment, with a sound like bones rubbing together. "You put me in a difficult spot then." Slowly, deliberately, he begins to open his duster, and in doing so reaches within it. Twin axes become visible, great weapons of a size comparable to their master, their edges glistening darkly with terrible power. Stormclouds' hands wrap around them with assured confidence, but loosen somewhat as Ramar speaks. "How'd that be?" he asks curiously.

Chi-Yosh watches Davron, then to Ramar, and considers. He is not so sure the proposition bothers him. The Dragon Blooded are apt warriors, yet he suspects so were the demons who lay at their feet. They would step into danger like the Solars have stepped into the danger of Manses. Yet those dangers were matters of protection, not of premeditated death. Perhaps it should bother him that the proposal doesn't bother him. For he agrees that the Dragon Blooded need not be slain in cold blood, but - the wagon of thought haults as Stormclouds draws open his duster. Immediately hands fall to the hafts of the Dawn's kamas, mimicing their Abyssal company's stance.

"I would not wish to see the men of the city die in vain, or for the simple reason of sating hunger, when there is good left that they can do in the world," continues Ramar. "Yet I believe that if you would leave, then perhaps your hunger can be sated in some other manner... I do not profess to know what precisely it is you hunger for... so I cannot suggest an alternate means as of yet. I mean no insult, but might animals work?"

"Don't think so," murmurs the big man. A flicker of something happens within the shadows beneath his hat-brim, a smile perhaps. "Sure, the Dragon-Blooded could wait," he says, meaningfully. His head shifts and turns, and he seems to be regarding each of the trio of Solars in turn.

Rumika watches this exchange with interest, not even reacting when the weapons are drawn out. So far, things seem to be very well in-hand. She's impressed.

Rumika just looks over at the Abyssal, shaking her head a bit. "Always thinking with your stomach. And yet your feet are always cold, too. So odd, really." Even in this world one can never be entirely sure if she's joking or serious.

Chi-Yosh watches the exchange grow closer to a violent confrontation, and he does not see a peaceful way to resolve. A challange likely would not work; the Abyssal likely will not wish for a battle of wits, and a test of strenght the Dawn doubts any could beat Stormclouds. The Abyssal hungers for his Essence to return, and they have their essence... Raising his hand, "We can give you Essence. Drawn from the circle here, or..." Turning to Davron, "You have a gift which can let you lend Essence, correct? You could offer some in exchange for leaving the Dragon-Blooded be."

"Well, that's a nice gift 'n all," murmurs the Abyssal. "But just that isn't quite what I'm here for.. still, I'm right appreciative of it."

"I have to wonder why it is you choose this method as a means of aquiring what sustenance you desire. I would ask why then you are here... what reason lies behind this?" Ramar asks this, and awaits an answer, "Unless you would rather not say. It might help us to understand though."

"Well, seems to me like I got a couple of good sorceresses out there," murmurs Stormclouds at Dusk, his dry voice rolling sonorously through the room. "When someone comes out here, it's not them that's gonna be going back to the city looking like them."

Davron is sufficiently astonished by Rumika's comment to Stormclouds to let his attention be drawn away to aim a dumbfounded stare in Rumika's direction. _"Your feet are always cold? What in Helios' name does **that** mean?_ Shaking his head, he turns his head back toward Stormclouds at Dusk - then as he hears the Abyssal declare his intentions at last, he looks back at Rumika again, this time with a more piercing gaze. "Is this true? I suppose End of Fate's Twisting might do that for him ... but more importantly... would you?

"No," answers Rumika. "I'm afraid, my dear servant of the night, that our time as allies is now over. I advise you leave here. There are forces arrayed against you that you cannot possible defeat, now. My fate is come, and you know it well. Now comes the sun and the sweetness of the night shall be lost to me forever." Rumika looks at the Abyssal knight with sad eyes, but her gaze is not afraid. "I suggest you let these Chosen of the Sun do what they have come to do. Greyfalls will never be yours."

Chi-Yosh cannot stop the dawn of warmth brought by the night of hope inside of him. It shines for the fellow Solar to join them. At the very least, it is one less to assist the Abyssals. Though the warmth spreading through him turns to the heat of anticipation as head turns slowly towards Stormclouds, watching the axes and the big man's shoulders. Someone should be watching for Ending of Fate's Twist.

Davron nods quietly to Rumika, sighing softly. He feels a sense of regret that his words proved to be the wedge that separated her from her mentors. But he realizes that, if what she says is true, this day would have come eventually. In any case, there is a more pressing issue at hand. "Then it seems we _are_ at cross purposes after all, Stormclouds at Dusk," he says, at last reaching for his bow, though he steps to one side to allow the Abyssal to pass, if he will. "We cannot allow you to do what you have come here to do."

The shadow-wreathed figure nods a couple of times, pausing. With methodical precision he draws an axe, cocking his head to examine the obsidian edge of it for a few seconds. Then he hefts it onto his shoulder and begins strolling out, whistling tunelessly as he goes. His heavy footfalls and the sound of his spurs grating on stone echo through the silent Manse as he walks away.

Rumika softly says as he passes, "Farewell."

"And so the night passes, and the Sun must shine brightly." Ramar watches Rumika carefully, though as the shadow-wreathed figure leaves, he will make sure he does nothing... untowards. "We must finish what we have come to do... though I worry... more than I did before."

Chi-Yosh feels both at ease and even more cautious as Stormclouds at Dusk casually strolls out as though he lost a bet on a horse race. This is not liked, not in the pit of his stomach. There are other plans the Death Knights have.

Davron watches the knight make his way past the corpses of the demons he slew, and slowly withdraws his hand from the bow once more. He sighs softly once more. One thought troubles him still, and he must give voice to it. Turning to Rumika, he asks, "And what of your mentor? What will she make of this?"

"I have to go speak with her," says Rumika. "It is time for us to say our goodbyes here and now." She turns away, looking at the path out. "It will not take long."

Rumika strides out of the manse. End of Fate's Twisting stands there, her expression making her look far more the creature of death than the smile she had been wearing. "The dreams are all true, Rumika. We part now. The last time before the Last time." There's a strange emphasis on the second 'last', but for now it goes unexplained.

Rumika nods to End of Fate's Twisting. "This is our farewell, mother. But there is one thing you promised you would allow me before the end. Now it seems my only chance to make use of that offer." She moves closer, kissing the Abyssal on the cheek. "Farewell, Miriel." The Abyssal actually contorts as if stung. Her voice is barely audible as she replies, "Farewell, Daughter. Remember your promise, as well." Rumika nods and says, "Under a cherry tree in blossom. I won't forget, I promise." The two slowly let go and the Abyssal strides away, never looking back. The entire time, Rumika watches her mentor slowly fade away.

Rumika looks up at the sky, letting out a sigh. Clearly she says, "You ask much of me, Great Lord Helios. You shall paint my hands with the blood of my mother."

At this, Davron steps into the light of the Unconquered Sun, and hears Rumika's words. He stops there, struck with pity, and stands there for long seconds in silence, unable to decide what he should say, or if he even should speak at all. At last, he speaks the only words he can find, poor as they may be: "I'm sorry."

"There is nothing to be sorry for," says Rumika. "The dreams do not fail to tell the truth. When next I meet End of Fate's Twisting, we will have a terrible battle. I will kill her and as I have promised, I will bury her under a cherry tree in blossom. There is nothing either of us will do to prevent it. I do not blame you."

"Ramar steps out from within the shadows of the Manse's entrance, a cool breeze whipping past, bringing with it the sad tidings of Rumika's revelations. He does not comment on them yet, not wishing to bring more pain to Rumika. _So she believes this to be her gift, and her doom perhaps. Tied into what fate she may plow towards... it is a sad tale to hear... but the ending may yet be happy. This is the danger of knowing the future._ Instead, he speaks softly, his voice soothing, "Thank you for your actions in there. They are appreciated, though you may never know how greatly." He pauses a moment, looking into the distance. "We should warn someone of the Deathknight's actions, before it is too late. I will not see Greyfalls become another Shadowland."

Davron, for his part, simply bows deeply to Rumika in acknowledgment - he has said all he can imagine he could say. After a moment's respectful silence, the day's business presses on him once more, and he and his companions discuss their immediate plans. Word will be sent to Gallius that another Manse has been captured - and plans will be made to set a watch around this and the other Manses, so that the Solars will know if the Realm's defenders - or other forces - have discovered the intrusions and come to investigate. As Davron, Chi-Yosh, and Ramar move on, though, there is time yet to reflect on the many tragedies, both great and small, that might accompany the turning of the ages - and against that, the greater tragedies that would befall if good men and women shy from their duty.