The Circle had spent the evening after the Slaver attack sitting around a private table talking about what had went on, plotting out the future, and passing out witty barbs. As the evening wound down, Chi-Yosh had told Rabby he has something to show her in the morning. An hour after dawn, the two are moving through the lowly streets, the scent of bread wafting from a bag clutched to his chest.

The air is sooty, a fine layer of black filth has crusted the homes here, and the fog has just been driven back by the morning. Children play and fight in the streets, all looking as sickly as the Deathlords' servants. Here, Chi-Yosh stops, looking aside to Rabby, as he watches the children play. "You grew up here, poor?"

"Yeah," the Lunar girl says, calmly, looking at the sight. "But that's life."

"It is." He doesn't say anything immediately. "The Lunars, they aid those who need it."

"Well, sometimes. The Way is the Way. Some don't help outsiders, only their own people." Rabby is very quiet. "A lot attack cities for what they need. But Luna smiles on them just as much as on people like Tamuz."

Chi-Yosh brings the bag over to press into Rabby's hands. "These are your people, and they need you." He looks back at the children. "If you are to rule here some day, you will need to know what to do. Distribute it as you see fit, by your means."

"If I was going to use my means," the girl replies, her eyes flashing, "I'd start by killing some of those worthless men and women up in Bastion. I've seen them throw out whole meals because of some insult they thought they were given, or because it wasn't seasoned properly. Those people would be left with nothing, if someone like Prowler was in charge here. They're weak and wasteful, and they deserve what's coming."

Chi-Yosh simply nods his head, and continues to watch the children. "But they are not here, right now. How many of the young do you think have eaten in the last two days here? If you have a garden, before you destroy the weeds and the insects, you must water your garden."

"And water the weeds too?" growls Rabby. Nevertheless, she doesn't throw away the chance handed to her, and walks forward, waving some of the kids over toward her. In true Nexus fashion, they eye her suspiciously, and a few draw long, thin bone knives, but as she shows her good intentions, and partakes of some of the offered food herself, a few hesitantly draw close and join in.

Chi-Yosh watches from the side. While it saddens him that some so young have learned they must be armed even among their friends... it at least pleases him that Rabby is making an effort. Naturally some of them start squabbling over who gets what after it has left Rabby's hands. Now the garden has been made healthy. Let them handle the weeds.

As soon as she returns, the Dawn offers a smile. "Do you feel any better?"

Rabby shrugs winsomely. "They do, at least," she says. "Why did you do that?"

"Because one more might survive. They will remember you having given them something hot and solid that will sit in their stomach for a time. Come." With that, he turns, leading back the way they had come. "We are going to the lair of your friend."

"We are?" asks Rabby, suspiciously. But she continues tailing, walking in step with her companion.

"You want to work within your means? Then by all means," says Chi-Yosh as he haults by a water-way, looking back expectantly at Rabby.

The girl stops, and waits, and finally shrugs. She looks concerned, and a little suspicious. "What are you looking at me for?" she asks finally.

Chi-Yosh spreads his hands. "I do not know the way. I hoped you could take me."

"You gotta be kidding... " Rabby stares at her companion in confusion, and with a hint of disgust. "Well, okay. We'll see." And with that she heads off, guiding Chi-Yosh through the streets, down the alleyways, and roundabout the Nexus District. Here, a well-attired horseman is galloping down a lane, and two beggars throw themselves aside to evade him, mumbling curses at his back only after they're sure he's out of earshot. There, an angry merchant, wearing embroidered robes and a pair of diamond rings, is yelling and gesticulating at a soot-coated ironmonger, whose filthy apron wrinkles as he raises and lowers his arms in equally agitated gestures. The sound of dogs barking ring off in the distance, and at one point, a monkey leaps down from the canopies of a market-square and screeches angrily in Chi-Yosh's face. Rabby stalks ahead, ducking under a rack of bird-cages and their magnificently-multicolored occupants.

Chi-Yosh, if he hadn't been in the city for nearly two weeks, would sorely be disoriented with the activities. The sights and sounds. Everything needs to be noticed, but nothing given attention too lo- the monkey distracts him something fierce, earning a jerk backwards, before he sprints after Rabby through the crowd growing between them.

The Lunar girl crawls part of the way, ducking under still-drying robes and leggings that hang across an alleyway on bamboo poles. She peers at a sewer entrance and its environs for a few seconds, then turns back. "Did Prowler teach you how to read claw-speak?" she asks, suspiciously. In fact he did, and Chi-Yosh can discern the basic markings scratched into the filthy wood near the sewer-grate: "My lair is near. Descend, call your challenge, and approach."

Chi-Yosh crouches down to inspect the marks. He's curious as to what kind of claw made the mark, still wondering on the totem of Seven Devils Clever. Making a show of tracing the marks with his finger, he offers, "Lair close. Descend, call challenge, approach." Sometimes, the Dawn reasons, Rabby wants to feel superior while wanting to be impressed. Sometimes he placates her.

Rabby is already lifting the grate aside, and she slides down into the dirty water. "Come on," she calls, sounding a little unpleasant even now, and the warrior follows. The grate is replaced, and Rabby advances down the tunnel. She finally stops, and turns. "Well? Call your challenge," she mutters.

Chi-Yosh is taking his time looking around, remembering this paticular place, in case he must return to the Lunar's lair without dragging Rabby with him. "I am Chi-Yosh. I want to make Nexus a better place. I need your help."

Some time passes, before a reply comes. "Come down!" the voice calls. Obeying the summons, the two stalk through the waist-deep waterway, and finally emerge into the pool. Up the steps, then down into Seven Devils Clever's lair, where the Lunar waits. This time, this worthy is male, and wearing the decorative robes of a merchant. He's trying them on, glancing down at himself from time to time to examine the fit. "How can I help you?" he asks, calmly, looking up.

Chi-Yosh gives Rabby a look before fully turning to him. "The success of the House Cynis destruction has left me anxious. I helped the slaves, but I have done nothing for the people of Nexus. You look as though you have a goal. Is there a role I could play in it, to see how the Lunar of Nexus work?"

Seven Devils Clever considers for a moment. "I can't show you without compromising myself," he says at last. "But, I think you can be useful. I'll need a distraction tonight. You can provide it."

While this sounds promising, it does leave Chi-Yosh with a bit of hesitation. He has made a distraction of himself earlier. "This will be nothing to cause the Council of Entities a headache?"

"Do you think I'd bring that down upon myself?" retorts the Lunar, scowling. "Do you think I would insult you by putting you into a difficult position?"

"No." Chi-Yosh parries while his mind sifts into a proper response. "I reacted poorly in a situation that did not need it. I am reminding myself not to make the same mistake."

The Lunar scowls. "I hope you are more courteous to people in your own home," he replies, but the scowl fades and he brushes some wrinkles out of his robe. "I'm going to replace the song-bird of a rich merchant tonight, when he goes to his tea-house to conduct business. I'd thought to sneak inside beforehand, but that would be difficult. Accost him on the street, and I can make the switch easily enough there. I'll show you where."

Chi-Yosh listens intently, his mind all ready starting to roll into the proper direction. A simple nod. "I can do that." He does not ask the details around his role; if she is to become the songbird, or merely switch it for some other reason, she hasn't told him. Thus it doesn't matter.

Chi-Yosh casts a sidelong glance to Rabby. After having seen her reaction to Ramar's questioning, the Dawn had thought there was a need inside of Rabby, one to prove herself, to own Nexus. But so far she had only followed the Circle. He had hoped to set something in motion, to light a spark in the forest of Rabby's passion. If not opening her eyes to the needs of the many around her, then to set into motion her hatred of those ungratefully privilaged. If he had offered himself to Seven Devils, Chi-Yosh reasoned Rabby would join him. But as he looks, she is holding back, tense. Perhaps waiting for Seven Devils' invitation, or perhaps completely uncomfortable with the ruling Lunar herself. But no matter. If he can't make a seed grow, he'll just leave it in the woods to decide for itself.

---

The small entourage follows Aramad Menos receive no heed bustling through the streets of the Nexus district. The crowd is so thick from many employees free from work, the merchant and his guards must clump close together, to avoid a pickpocket slipping among their midst, or any number of threats. There is a partial gap in the crowd, and Menos takes two quick steps, seeking to move before he must fight the crowd again. Those steps bring him closer to stinging eyes; some road dust or grit flying into his eye. Up comes his hand to clean, and he rams into someone.

Menos's mouth moves to let loose an aggravated curse, but he's stopped short, flying backwards. He collides with the man behind him, the night filled with metal crashing to cobblestones as a cage rolls around beneath feet. Menos and his guard scramble to their feet, and finally through some blurred vision, the merchant can see a scowling man before him. Even as his guards react, Menos waves his hand. "You have stepped on my sandles, and offended my honor," loudly proclaims the stranger. Raising a hand to point accusingly, "Apologize, else I shall challenge you for your shoes."

"Your sandles?" Squacks the merchant as he beats at his clothes to free the road grit and filth, his eyes still stinging. "Yes. Apologize. My toe is sore, and where I am from that is a grave thing." He spreads his arms wide, before crossing them, squatting while glaring. "I demand reperation, or I shall block your way." The guards look amongst themselves as amused, annoyed, or delighted they might get to hit someone. Menos, a scholar of sarcasm, adopts a harsh tone, intending to give this backwoods ignorant a place for his insulted toe. "I'm so sorry I-" "Your apology is accepted. I shall not challenge you for your shoes." With that, the stranger moves swiftly into the crowd. Dumbfoundedness becomes irritation, as Menos whirls. "Pick up the cage!" he thunders, pointing at the bird flapping about inside the metal box. "Some urchin might steal it." "Sorry boss," replies the guard, putting his knife away. Well, there goes the fun.

A few people on the street made note of the exchange, some city visiters smiling, but the Nexus citizen knows that such exchanges happen daily, often ending bloody, for a thousand cultures meet in one place, and thousands of insults no matter how small, can set the cog of violence in motion. None notice, however, the offended stranger slipping behind a tavern. The sandles were brand new, and while not much money, the stranger will not miss them.

The Roaring Lion is a Tavern with a decent kitchen, and many patrons. And so, much trash is made nightly, but rather than have someone take it somewhere, the cookstaff simply throws it out back into the alleyway, because the most of it is always gone by morning. "Mama, mama, look what I found," whispers a young voice, pulling on the woman's dirty sleeve as she paws through a barrel. "What?" The boy holds up the sandles, his eyes big and bright. "Will these fit papa?" Leaning close, inspecting them, her smile is big. "Perhaps."

---

Dawn has almost come when Seven Devils Clever returns, wearing her female form, and no clothing. She drips her way down into her lair, then starts a fire and begins warming herself before it. "Thank you," she says, simply. "That was useful." Rabby breathes a sigh of relief, while the older Lunar continues. "Well, you are probably leaving soon. Is Rabby going with you, or is she staying here?"

Chi-Yosh restrains himself. Foremost from looking too hard at the Lunar, nor at looking away. Either would likely be read as incosiderate, or insulting in their own way. But also from asking of what the crafty woman had done, for if she is not forthcoming with her story, he shall not push. "I will be leaving in two days. My Circle is headed North, and then I will go East. Rabby has not said what she wants." A look shot towards the lynx; he doesn't want to talk as though she is not here, and that question answered would be nice.

"Yeah, she hasn't," observes the nude woman, as she reaches for a robe of furs. "Rabby?" The Lunar girl frowns, and stays stubbornly silent for many seconds. "I want to stay here," she announces, and this merits a nod and grunt from Seven Devils Clever. "Find your own lair, in that case, but you are always welcome here. As are you, Solar."

Chi-Yosh's lips curve at the corners. "Thank you, Seven Devils' Clever. I will be returning here in three months, and look forward to meeting again. Your lair is damp, but comfortable none the less. Though next time I hope not to have the taste of dust linger so long on my tongue."

The Nexus skyline is impressive, to say the least. Light and soot clouding the sky make it hard to see the stars, but this night the fog had parted, presenting beautiful pinholes in the heavens. Chi-Yosh sits on a ledge, Rabby having led him to a proper feline perch upon request. Since the meeting in Seven Devils' lair, he had not seen his the Nain-ya woman, but catching her before the Circle left, he encouraged her elsewhere. For at least five minutes the pair have sat in silence, the Dawn comfortable, but feeling a tension in the air, like thin ice with weight atop it.

"Well?" the girl asks quietly, at last. She shifts about a bit, and though her earlier tension has evaporated, a new source has settled in.

Chi-Yosh says, "Will you be joining me when I return to the city?" The Solar has no urgent business. After the excursion in the North, he intends to travel to Korad, but ohterwise finds nothing of urgency. "Or the Circle?"

"Thought you wanted me to take messages from your elementals," the girl murmurs. She kicks a foot up a bit, looking away.

Chi-Yosh chuckles. "You can't quite take them here in Nexus, can you? But you have done something to ensure you can receive them, so you could go with us. So you could accomplish something. I merely want to know if you wish to accomplish those things with us, in the future."

The Lunar girl considers this carefully, rocking a bit as she thinks. "I would like that," she announces, finally. "You people are very strange, but there's something about you I enjoy. You come from civilized places, but you aren't greedy. You have strength, but you aren't cruel."

Chi-Yosh gazes down at the city. "I think that's why we are what we are. Because we were not greedy or cruel, strong in our own way. You come from this place, if you could call it civilized, and yet you are a Lunar. It seems not to matter where we come from, but where we go from where we come."

"You don't become Chosen of Luna because you live in a hole," grouses Rabby, quietly. "You get it because you are a survivor."

Chi-Yosh asks, his face turned to the night rather than Rabby, "Does Seven Devils Clever make you uncomfortable?"

"No, not really," the girl mumbles at last. "But I'm here with you. I'm part of your group, not standing on my own. I have to defer to you. So I'm glad she invited me to stay."

Chi-Yosh hadn't considered that angle. He has yet to master the small pecking orders and little customs of the Lunar tradition. "Why do you want to stay?" The answer is obvious, at least to him. But he would ratehr hear her answer and respond, then make an assumption and offend.

"She can teach me a lot more about Lunars, and about the state of Nexus, than you can," the girl explains, simply enough. "She can get me closer to my goal.."

"Good luck, then. Your goal will not be easy, but you can at least climb towards it." There is a bit of silence that he lets stretch, before looking over his shoulder. "When was the last time you enjoyed yourself?"

Rabby shrugs and smiles. "Uh, last night?" she ventures. "I liked watching the animals that were running around on the rooftops. I always liked them as a child. They always led you to food."

Chi-Yosh turns back, peering down from his high perch along the wall and the surroundings. "Did you ever chase them?"

"No, stupid," growls Rabby. "Animals who get chased run away. No, you had to creep up on them, and then watch where they were getting their scraps from, and THEN chase them away."

A chuckle. "That is not what I ment. Did you ever chase them? Not for food, but for the fun of it. As a cat might chase prey."

"Uh, no," frowns Rabby. "But I had fun seeing if I could walk on the same perches they did.. I did pretty good."

Chi-Yosh's tone lacks dissapointment. "Ah." Offering to try again, turning towards the Lunar, "Think you could catch them? Now?"

Rabby waves a dismissive hand. "Don't insult me like that again," she mutters. "Who do you take me for?"

Chi-Yosh leans forward. "I take you for someone who I can't get the answer I was seeking. I'm trying to offer you a challenge."

"What challenge is that?" the girl asks suspiciously. "Hunt birds, and monkeys, on rooftops?"

Essence swells through his form, as he becomes more in tune with the perch he sits on, feeling lighter. "Not quite," Replies the Solar. "Hunt me." Hurling himself over the edge, Chi-Yosh falls three dozen feet, before snatching a strut on the wall with the bend of his arm, swinging outwards onto a roof. He sprints to the edge of the roof until casting a glance over his shoulter, to see if the Lunar follows.

Rabby is nowhere to be seen; in her place is a hunting hawk, screeching and swooping, mere yards away.

And the race is on. The Solar does not have the proper charms, one which might send him trancelike weaving through the rooftops. But as a native of forests running through the trees, the urban jungle is merely much more flat planes. And so the hunt is on, the Solar ducking and weaving, charging and leaping over roof, through open windows of empty buildings, swinging on lamp posts, anything and everything which offers him a place to move. And for longer than any other of the Lynx's prey, the Bronze Tiger evades, into the night.