Gallius' flourishing hand puts the final strokes on the letter. One of the Volo pilots can take it to the Master, where he awaits in Nane... She sits at one table in the inn at Arzes village, handing off the sealed letter to an aide for delivery to compatriots. The man begins walking for the door, letter in hand, only to have it snatched deftly and expertly by a cloaked stranger walking into the small establishment. This figure draws back his hood, revealing the Master's calm face. "Thank you, soldier," he says, curtly, despite the man's protests.

Gallius looks up from the table where maps and dust lie, knowing the voice very well. She rises smoothly and bows, "Master! Your timing is impeccable as ever, it seems." She smiles, despite her worries, pleased to see the man she most wished to see appear out of the blue.

"The Path of Paradise is a difficult road, but one always makes good time on it," the Master replies calmly, as he unseals the letter and opens it for inspection. He gives it a cursory read, then looks up. "You wish for advice? I am here to provide it, my Lady," he says, bowing, and something has fallen away from him, a presence or barrier. He has become a different person altogether, though he still wears the same face and garb. "I am your advisor. Ask me what you wish to know, and I will offer what counsel I can."

"I am but a warrior and leader of people, and I find my plans in danger due to a web of interests," says Gallius. She gestures for the Master to join her at her table. "It is one thing to face the army of Greyfalls, but it seems that there are others coming to find this conflict too interesting for my tastes. The Guild has sent an assassin to slay Alcis, the leader of Greyfalls. Worse still, there are two Abyssals running about who apparently have learned a way to steal the appearance of those they have slain. They now are moving about in the guise of one of my men. I already am sending warnings to Alcis, but that seems inadequate." Gallius frowns and adds, "I have an idea to remedy this, but I fear it shall make it difficult to repair things after the battle."

"Very well. You wished to know about this shape-changing," replies the Master, after seconds of thought. "It is likeliest that they are using sorcery of the most basic type, a Terrestrial Circle spell. Even the Dragon-Blooded can thwart it with counter-magic, if they think to do so." He fingers the letter slowly. "Now, tell me of your idea."

Gallius nods, "I trust them to do that, then. Though what good it shall do remains to be seen." She considers the map and shakes her head. "In any case, I believe the best course is to go to Alcis and remove her from the city. By force, if necessary. It shall cause a mess, but it is the only way I feel she can be protected. I am still trying to learn just what the Guild is up to. At least the Abyssal interest is fairly clear. They seek to create another Shadowland."

"Very well. Cut off the head of the dragon and the body may die," replies the Master solemnly. "Of course, there are still many of the people of the city underneath the Dragon's claws, and its death-throes may yet cause them pain."

"It is not what I would wish to do," says Gallius. "But I do not have the luxury of waiting for things to go just as I plan them. I do not know what else I can do for those who cling to their homes despite all warnings." The Lady shakes her head and looks up to meet the eyes of the Master. "Death is sadly part of this enterprise. I must simply come to grips with the truth. I cannot control everything. I cannot save everyone who is innocent."

The Master nods slowly. "Those who stay will die for their beliefs, and there is no greater show of conviction one can make. Do not grieve for them; do not think they would repent of their portion of destiny. Instead, you must do what you can for the others, those who stay out of ignorance."

"Do you feel the Coalition and the Guild will seek to control the future of Greyfalls?" asks Gallius. "I hope to prevent such interference. This entire effort is meant to free Greyfalls from the Realm, not to leave them shackled to another master."

"Of course they will," the seer replies softly. "The Guild IS control. And the Confederation of Rivers has spent six centuries with this thorn in its side. They will not stand idly by once they are victorious, to permit Realm loyalists inside the city from welcoming back its former masters. But, I do not believe the Confederation will turn Greyfalls into a client-state, such as the Realm held it as."

"I wonder," murmurs Gallius. "In any case, the Guild must be removed from this equation. Perhaps one stone may kill both birds, with some luck. It would seem the interests of the Guild and the Coalition are diametrically opposed. I think with a little effort this situation can benefit the people of Greyfalls quite nicely." Breaking the subject, she asks, "Would you like some tea or wine? We don't fare very well in the field, but I'd not want you to be parched."

"As you like," the Master says. He meditates quietly on the matter for moments longer, a thoughtful expression on his face.

Gallius sends quickly for tea, then turns back to study the sidereal carefully. "It is strange, but I can't help but feel like I've done this before." She wears a warm smile, adding, "I grow more confident with you here, Master. Somehow this seems right. I am not so troubled by events now. Do you know anything else about the Guild and its relationship with Greyfalls that might be of use?"

"The Guild takes few things personally," replies the Master. "Theft, to any significant degree. Disruption of trade, which probably explains their involvement here, is only business. They regard wars like you and I would regard heavy rains. The Guild regards Greyfalls' role highly."

"How can the Guild's interests be satisfied? We are far from ready to destroy them at this point, after all." Gallius keeps studying the map, her eyes capturing the details as they are shown. "One day, though," she murmurs, "Even the mighty Guild must answer to the Unconquered Sun for their crimes."

The Master nods slowly. "The Guild wishes free and easy trading with the Realm, which they have now. Provide them with that and their mercenary forces would back the Confederation army completely. Barring that, employ guile. Deceive them about what is happening."

"Guile has never been my strength," answers Gallius. "Perhaps there are some in our circle that have talents in this area. We have met one called Yana who is Chosen of Helios. In fact, she was the one sent to kill Alcis. It seems that even those of my station can stoop to vile deeds if they are not guided properly. In any case, her skills may be just what we need at this critical stage."

To this the Master nods. "I shall have to meet her, when the time is right," he says softly. "Until then, you have other questions."

"Have you learned anything new concerning Ma-Ha-Suchi? I wonder if his barbarians shall make an appearance," says Gallius. "I have learned much about Greyfalls, and so I wish to help it survive this storm. I have already started to formulate a plan to supply the city after the battle ends. Roleyn often has much grain to spare, and this will keep men from starving, but the road is a long one. Do you think the Kingdom of Nane might also be interested in establishing a strong relationship with Greyfalls?"

The Master inclines his head. "I have not spoken of it with the King. I'm sure Henlen will be willing to do so, however, in private. He has pull with the King that I do not, as is fitting." He sips of his tea at last, considering matters. "I expect the Guild has reserves of grain and rice as well."

"I don't doubt it," says Gallius. "Could you find out how they are being supplied? If they are mercenaries, perhaps their gold supplies might be cut away. That would likely get them to disperse hastily. As a pleasant side-effect, that gold could repair the damages done to the city."

"I will look into it." The Master has more tea, speaking finally in a soft voice. "Ma-Ha-Suchi is on the move. He brings forces with him. His intentions are.... unclear. The destiny that surrounds him is being shrouded from my sight."

"I wonder if it was prudent of me to send him the message," says Gallius, her voice growing quiet. "I told him we would meet at Greyfalls. Perhaps it was foolish, but more likely it could have been no other way. Whatever shall come of our meeting is destiny." She finally tries the tea, drinking slowly as she lets her mind wander. "The Lunars seemed to think much of Ma-Ha-Suchi. It would be tragic to cause a rift to form between our kinds again."

"They think much of him because he has accomplished much," points out the Master, raising a finger. "He has a strong force of beast-men, barbarians, and other frontiersmen at his disposal. He has shown strength where he wished and discretion where he thought it wise. He has not dishonored the strength that Luna invested in him. The Lunars respect his achievements."

"Will he come to destroy me?" asks Gallius quietly. She raises a hand, then, "It matters not. What will be, will be. It is not for me to decide. I am here to do what the Unconquered Sun wishes. Those who would destroy me will be stopped, or the will not. There are many ready to take the place of those who fall in this struggle."

The Master smiles slowly. "Have the Lunars told you what Path they follow?" he asks.

"I know very little, save that they revere Luna," says Gallius. "Having seen her myself, I understand that sentiment very well. She is very beautiful. I hope one day to express that beauty for all men to see, but for now, the light she sends us will have to suffice."

"Their way is the Path of Virtue, as they call it," the Master replies. "Just as the way of the Sidereals is the Path of Paradise. Upon that Path, I can feel the road to Heaven - the web of destiny that will lead to an ideal world. I know in what direction I must walk, where I must go, who I must speak to. I even know when I will die, though how is a matter I may choose."

"What does that mean?" asks Gallius. "What virtues do they extoll?" She shifts her attention from the map, quite pleased for any subject that leads away from the war, though it must of course lead right back to it. "From what I saw of Non Valon, his concepts of virtue were a bit different than most."

"The Lunar concept of Virtue is that you should always know where you stand," explains the Master. "Ma-Ha-Suchi may not announce his raiding schedule to the farmers and miners and merchants he attacks, but he has never made a secret of his intentions to prey on those who inhabit the lands he dwells in. If a weaker Lunar enters his lands, he must show Ma-Ha-Suchi his respect and obedience, though not necessarily loyalty. And should the newcomer be stronger, he should demonstrate that too, so that Ma-Ha-Suchi will know to submit."

"That explains a few things," says Gallius. "Though I fear I will have difficulty handling their virtues. I have no intention of submitting to Ma-Ha-Suchi, no matter how powerful he is, nor can I let him conquer Greyfalls and turn the people into slaves. Unfortunately, it is also rather unlikely that I can defeat him."

The Master nods slowly. "Then you do not act in accord with the Lunar virtues," he says. "But then, nothing compels you to. Tell me, Gallius..." The seer lifts his tea to his lips again, ready to drink. "What Path is it that the Solars walk?"

"I often wonder that myself," answers Gallius. "I know only a few things. We are chosen to restore the order of the world. Lord Helios says that we were chosen because we are the right ones for this task. However, I must also remember that the right ones of the past led the world to disaster. This means that our mandate is not strong." She sighs, trying to explain, "We are again being given power and favor, but we have yet to earn it. We cannot be trusted fully. Not by Helios, nor by the Lunars, and especially not by the Dragon-Blooded and the mortals. The depth of our failure resounds through the years, and so it will be many ages of men before we can earn our restoration."

The Master nods, and takes a long drink before proceeding. The inn around him is quiet and subdued, a peaceful atmosphere. "The Unconquered Sun commanded that you make your own path. The Paths that the Lunars and Sidereals walk were also laid down by the Solars." The man smiles. "Even the Dragon-Blooded have a Path, though they have strayed far from it."

"Tell me something, my friend," says Gallius softly. "Is the pattern of the age a circle? Is it our fate to eventually fail just as those before us did? Do we fight only for a long day that soon must pass into darkness?" She looks away, shaking her head, "It changes nothing, perhaps, and yet.. how can I justify so much suffering to restore things only for a few lives of men?"

"The Solars of the bygone age failed because they trusted in their power above all," replies the Master. "Do you trust in your own powers, your own good intentions, with the same zeal?"

"No," says Gallius. "But those who do not struggle in this age are likely to fall into darkness, I fear." The Lady sighs softly, "In any case, it seems our path is the most confusing, for we have no path at all. I need time to learn more of my kind and how the world fares if its balance is restored. Perhaps our intervention will no longer be necessary."

"Of course your path is confusing," smiles the Master with a hint of genuine compassion, of sincere empathy. "You carry the burden I am freed of. You carry uncertainty. But you carry it well, Gallius. All of you do."

"I believe, Master, that if things are set right, Solars should not live among men as they did in the past. We shall see, though." She frowns in thought, "I should not fret over this now. Our personal problems are of no relevance. For now, we are the servants of Helios and of the people. All else is secondary until our task is complete. War will be enough of a challenge without other distractions."

The man drinks his fill, and sets the empty tea-cup down. "You may learn, Gallius, that living apart from those who depend on you may be more dangerous than living among them. It is for me to advise you only; you must choose what is wise for you. You have much time to consider the matter, so do as you say - set it aside, attend to the stone in your shoe before you cross the rocky ground ahead."

"All things are revealed in time," answers Gallius softly. "Is there anything else you feel I should know? I don't imagine there is any good news you have been hiding, but one can always hope."

The man sits back, his teeth very white against the darkness of his skin. "The good news is that you have earned the respect and notice of the spirit courts in the East," he reports. "You have given little insult indeed to the spirits, and those who are under their protection. I'm told even the City Father of Greyfalls treated cordially with you."

"Indeed, he did," says Gallius. "I feared the spirits would be more difficult, but thus far they have been fair and wise. They understand our goals more clearly than we do, I think. What troubles me is how tenuous the relationship of men and the spirits about them has become. It seems strange to me that the Coalition would strut in and plan to bring great harm to the river without regard for its spirit."

"Perhaps they intended to deal with it once they arrived," suggests the Master. "The Confederation council is not made up of fools, at least."

"One would hope," says Gallius. "But the Confederation is a hundred-headed monster that is so unwieldy that even the best leaders find it troubling to master. There is at least some hope that they will let us do our part in this battle. I find myself as champion of the commoners of Greyfall and yet am eager to defeat the city in battle."

The seer chuckles. "You are eager to defeat the system that governs the city, I think. You are at war with an ideology, not a people."

"True," says Gallius. "And yet many of those people shall die nonetheless, defending in many cases what was never in any danger."

"What were your first thoughts, when my vision showed you the Wyld Hunt in the court of your father, the king?" asks the Master, calmly.

"That my father and my people would be in danger if the hunters knew the truth about my identity," says Gallius. "I suspected the hunters would use the people I cared for to draw me back to them."

"Just so. You sensed danger that was not, in truth, present. But how could you have known?" The Master nods, patiently.

"There is no way I can save them," Gallius says quietly. "None that I can see, at least. I can only do my best to hold my own forces with a strong leash. Those who harm the innocent will face justice. Those who behave nobly shall be rewarded. The Coalition stands outside my control still."

"It need not always be so," counsels the Master. "But it sounds like you now know the Path you walk."

"Only for the moment," answers Gallius. "I have not yet had enough time to think of a full set of rules to follow, though I am working on it." She turns back to the map, sighing inside.