The rogue Sidereal's spell grows in power and intensity. All recognize it for what it is - Travel Without Distance, or a variation on the same, the Celestial Circle spell frequently used by Sidereals to move from place to place in Creation. And beyond just this, both Davron and Ramar realize - just by feeling - where Arnon is going. They can track him down, if he does not again move. All remember the information on the wards of Yu-Shan. Even if the man leaves the storage vaults, he will not leave the city easily.

Seconds pass. The smirking face of the corrupted Exalt is the last thing anyone in the group sees, before an eruption of Essence consumes him. He is gone, elsewhere, but certainly not forgotten. The room is quiet.

Egress watches for a moment, snorting in disgust. She turns to Ramar and Davron, "Can you track him down? We don't want him causing more damage. You won't have to hunt alone." She turns then to the others, "I trust you can provide assistance? We are likely able to find them, but we need those who can kill him before he has a chance to speak. If they can be found swiftly, bring them here. If there is too great a chance that he will be able to use his power, speak now and we will open a way for him to escape." To the Sidereal mentor she says, "What talents has he learned that you know of?"

"Get Havesh," Davron remarks. "If anyone can bring Arnon down before he can speak the Name, it is he." And with that, he describes his best guess as to Arnon's destination.

Nodding, the others leave the Solar Circle alone with the man - their former suspect, the Seeker. He now joins in the discussion, with a look of shock and horror on his face. "He... he had not yet grown into his fated role, and so we had a use-name for him. He's been taught the basic skills and has passed his examinations."

Ramar adds in his own best guess as to Arnon's destination. "Havesh may be able to help, I agree. Perhaps someone who can corrupt Arnon's words, though even this might not be fast enough. I do not know what dark tutoring he has received, but..."

"So he had no truly deadly training," says Egress. "That is just as well. Still, it is clear that he's already learned sorcery. We cannot be sure what other talents he might demonstrate thanks to his tainted nature. In any case, we must spread the word swiftly and see to it that he cannot meddle further with the Loom. We will have to move swiftly now."

"That is being dealt with," comes the voice of a Celestial Lion. Heaven's enforcers are already departing to take action.

"It is a shame that Blood on Snow could not be here." Chi-Yosh recalls the initial exchange with the word-empowered Abyssal, who could possibly influence Arnon. The standoff had been similar to that with the Sidereal, but the Solar had managed to silence Blood on Snow first.

Egress nods to the Celestial Lion. "Is there any existing plan for such an event?" she asks of it. "I imagine there must be a contigency plan for attacks in Yu-Shan." Though they probably don't encompass the end of the world. "For now I think it is best to not try to corner him. I'm not sure what he is doing, exactly. He knows we won't confront him. He knows we're right now trying to find a way to kill him before he can stop us. Even a complete fool would guess our move."

The Seeker answers this one. "The Lions and their masters have extensive plans for such action. Standing orders that have existed since the Primordial War."

Davron says, "He doesn't have the Arcanicine anymore, but he might have another one, or a lesser artifact of that ilk," Davron muses. "Let's hope not - but if he does, we may not catch him regardless. At least... not today."

The Seeker, still dazed by events, nevertheless clears his throat. "For now.. I'd like to seal the archive here. Security is paramount." By implication, he asks those gathered here to depart.

Chi-Yosh pauses a moment. "We still must work fast. If Arnon is our sole remaining assassin, it is still possible that he has an escape route. The ambrosia-created doorway. If it were used, it might be possible for him to slip free of Heaven."

"Indeed. And if he is not, or there are others who are able to know that name... we must find a way to counter it. Another word, a stronger word." Ramar thinks on this, "I will speak with one of the gods under the Maiden of Endings, someone who handles Silence. Maybe this is the place to start..."

Egress bows to the Seeker, "Of course. Oh.. I have a request. I need a place to meet. A large place where I can gather all the Celestials and all those gods who would stand beside us. There is something we must discuss, now that it is clear the war has awoken again."

"Speak to.." The Seeker reconsiders; he has heard what happened to the Priestess. "Ahh, speak to one of the Bureau of Heaven officials." He turns, busying himself with the task of securing his archive against further intrusion.

---

Egress has little she can do to prepare, once permission to gather is granted. She only hopes that her messages are spread as she asked. To put it simply, everyone in Yu-Shan is invited to come to hear the truth about the assassination. In the time before the meeting, the Zenith is often found pacing and gesturing vaguely as she goes through things again and again in her mind. She sighs softly, turning to her friends, "The time is almost here. I wish it was already over.."

"We'll be right with you," Davron says. "You'll do fine. This is what you and your caste were _meant_ to do."

Egress smiles at Davron and lets out a soft sigh. "It's funny. This is the golden opportunity, really. It's the chance to restore the Deliberative at last. The enemy might not even know a great deal about our current position. I fear they are likely to know all about that book of ours, though. Cecelyne has likely told them everything. I guess that might even be why they moved early. At least I believe it is early."

Ramar nods, "After this, none here can possibly doubt your abilities," comforts Ramar. "Just... don't lose yourself to this. We've all seen the consequences of war..." he shakes his head, sadly, "Perhaps it can still be avoided. Or delayed."

Ramar says, "As for our book... perhaps our secret is still just that. We shall see in the coming days."

Chi-Yosh says, "We believe in you, Egress." Patting the Zenith's shoulder, "And so does Helios. And through him, you cannot fail."

Egress smiles and laughs softly. "Well.. that is true, isn't it. I have to do our father proud. I was hoping to somehow escape and not be in the middle of so many things. It's a curious dream for a Zenith." She shakes her head, "The sun has risen. It cannot hide when the world is so hungry for illumination." A deep breath and then: "I am ready for them now."

"Then so are we," says Ramar. "I just hope they're ready for you."

Egress doesn't want to make this walk alone. Still, it's her duty. It was her word that made this gathering occur. Just having her circle nearby will be a comfort. When she takes those first steps that will carry her in front of so many wise people, she will not be alone. She steps with her right foot first, but pauses for a moment. With a rush of essence, the mark upon her brow bursts into luminance and the Zenith nods before continuing. With each stride, she bears herself more confidently, the reluctance in the first steps fading away.

Many of the Sidereals who attended previously are here. A few have gone - those that reconsidered the position the Solar advanced, or who were convinced not to go for whatever reason. Some new faces have appeared here. The majority of the Lunars in Heaven - a relatively small number anyway - have appeared, most looking gruff, uncomfortable, or downright tense. Most of the Solars who made it to Yu-Shan are present. They are not so much here to follow as to hear one of their own number, and to consider the wisdom of her words. Some have come to realize that ultimately, they are the peers of the woman they are about to hear from. Others are learning.

Several envoys from the Celestial Hierarchy - or what's left of it - have been able to free themselves from their duties and attend. Many more, however, are still at their jobs. The Celestial City will not run itself, not to mention Creation overall. Even during Calibration, when things are expected to go wrong and bad luck is the law, some spirits attend to their functions.

Egress considers those who aren't here carefully. Part of her heart despairs at how very few are here. Her eyes study the gathered group slowly, stopping and revisiting something she hasn't seen before. While most gods present themselves in opulance beyond that of kings, she sees some here that appear almost raggedy. She cannot say just why, but she senses a weakness in them, a sadness. She can feel that they have little left of their glory, yet in their eyes shines a hope for something better, and that hope shames the Zenith to the core and stokes the potent fires of her faith.

The Zenith raises her voice to those gathered with a calm gained through the pain of her survival in tight spots she no longer cares to count. "My friends, I have called you together today for many reasons. The most terrible is to reveal what many of you may have heard: the assassin that slew the Steersman has been found. Unfortunately, the attack was not carried out by just a single hand, but was instead a conspiracy guided by the Yozis, whose black hands reach past their prison. Those hands found a willing slave in the Sidereal Arnon, who called upon the powers of the banished Primordials. Due to the forbidden knowledge that Arnon bears, we have not yet been able to destroy him, but I have every confidence that we will deal with him soon enough."

This sends up a wave of protesting murmurs from many of the Sidereals, particularly the older ones. It is not until the Celestial Lions who were present, along with the Seeker himself, rise and bow that the storm of suspicious whispers calms itself to merely an audible breeze.

"We know there are many enemies to Creation," says Egress. "The Fair Folk forever linger on the borders, desperate to ride against Order to bring Chaos. The Deathlords seek to bring death to all that live. The Yozis wish to strike against the Powers and take back and doom Creation with their madness. As things stand, there is no force powerful enough to deal with all these threats. The Realm lies in tatters and may well drift into complete disorder. The Threshold is still largely divided and poorly martialed. From what I understand, a great deal of the strength of the Silver Pact is spent holding the Fair Folk at bay. Creation stands on the very brink of destruction. If the Celestials remain divided, it will inevitably fall."

"We were not Chosen to stand alone," explains Egress. "That is not the intent of our masters. We are meant to work together, just as the Powers themselves work together. The stars often share the sky with both the sun and the moon." Egress pauses for a moment, studying the faces in the crowd carefully. "But it is not the Sidereals that I blame for what happened. It is my kind that failed." Egress looks to those gods she saw that are in little better than rags and starts to walk towards them. "It falls upon this new generation of Solars to set things right once more." She offers her hands to the gods, then, "I hope you can forgive our failings in the past."

The more destitute Gods regard the Solar with a wary look. Still at least one is willing to at least touch her hand for a moment. Egress nods slowly. "I know it will take time to mend some bridges." She turns back to face the other Chosen. "Time is a luxury that we know longer have." For a moment, she shuts her eyes. Visions of the Nation of the Sun drift through her mind. She remembers walking through the grass of her garden with Jin-nu with nothing else on her mind but the feeling of the wind and sun against her face. She thinks of speaking so casually with her advisors. When she opens her eyes, those memories are pushed roughly away, and her dreams for the Nation go with them.

The Zenith's voice suddenly booms out with strength and confidence. "There was once an organization of Exalts powerful enough to contend with all the threats against Creation. It was a wise body of Chosen who rolled back the Wyld, bringing new lands into being, forcing order into the very jaws of chaos. They managed both peace and war. They brought justice to the world until finally they were torn apart by the desperate event that we call the Usurpation. They were the Deliberative, and in the face of the terrible needs of this time, I ask that you join me in bringing that power into being once more."

Finally, more unwillingly than the rest, Egress says, "I will stand as Heirophant. I will bear this duty, but I beg the Sidereals and the Lunars to aid me." She turns to the Solars, "You are my brothers and sisters. You know in your heart that what I am saying is just and right. Please help me make Creation safe again! This is no logner about our own powers. This isn't about privileges and secrets. When we accepted our Exaltation we also took on a responsibility. Both Creation and Yu-Shan are part of that obligation. It is time we did what we were born to do."

"She speaks the truth," says Ramar. For now, all troubles, all worries are gone from his mind. The dream of a better Creation is at hand, no doubts can stand in the way. "All around us things are changing. Let us not sit idly by and comment how things are different... this is our chance to guide the winds of Change. To make our world better for our having lived." He steps until he is beside Egress. "While I draw breath, I will stand beside you. I will serve in the deliberative." He looks out at the eclectic gathering of beings and realizes what it is he must do. What all Eclipses do. "I alone am not enough. Who else will stand with us, will answer this call that cannot be ignored?"

Davron steps forward, looking nervously out onto the audience. "When I drew my Second Breath," he says, "it was in battle - a battle which shook my entire world, and afterward, I decided that I must use my power to bring peace, that none would know the grief I knew that day. But my world at the time was one small village - and even then, I knew my dream of peace would require abilities I did not have alone. I would need help to bring peace. And in time I found allies - a Circle - but at the same time, even as my powers grew, the threat of war that I could see grew along with them."

"And now, I face a threat of war as big as Creation itself. And against a danger of that magnitude, the hope of peace grows dim indeed. Before we can hope for peace, we must fight for survival. And for that, one Circle is not enough. Our abilities are not enough." Davron looks around at the audience, and almost falters. "I - _we_ need all the help we can get. All of the Chosen, working together to serve the function we were Chosen to do: protect Creation. I beg of you all - join us."

"I shall join the Deliberative," says the Su'Katan as he pulls forth from the wall, walking to stand between Davron and Egress. "The Chosen that join our circle can come and go, and with every Chosen that links their hand to ours, we grow stronger. But the Circles are not strong enough, not to face that which comes soon; we need to be the links in a chain spanning Heaven and Creation, unyielding in our bind, tethering the world together."

There is much discussion from the crowd. In the midst of it, three figures come forward, presenting themselves as though to speak. They wait expectantly, waiting to be recognized.

Egress nods to those who step forward, "Please, say what you wish to. We all have something to offer here."

The first to speak introduces himself with a curt nod. "From the Ice Walkers' territory, Three Fangs." By his long silver mane and brutally-cast features, he is a Lunar, and from the Caste Mark that flashes on his brow as his badge of authority, he is a No Moon. "Talk of unity is one thing. But if it isn't backed up, it's just talk. The Realm will never join you. You could appoint the new Scarlet Empress herself and the Dragon-Blooded rank-and-file will still reject you. The Outcastes are directionless, and care only for themselves. The gods of Creation are corrupt. They will run in fear from what you propose. You cannot force them to join without dooming your organization."

"The Celestials are individually powerful. Some of us have other holdings - tribes we control, peoples we rule, weapons we wield. But you cannot take in the small without including the large in your calculations."

"What you say is true," says Egress. "But much of it can be changed. The Outcastes can be given direction and learn to care for others. The gods of Creation are corrupted, but they can be restored. The Realm is an issue of great debate. I have yet to be convinced that there should be a new Dragon Blood pawn on that throne. There are perhaps other options that might present themselves." Egress turns from the No Moon to the others, "You see, it is our own unity that we must set right first. The Sidereals have the apparatus that controls much of the Realm at their fingertips. The Solars have the abilities to lead the Realm into far greater things than its current masters can manage. Are we strong enough to claim the Realm? Do not think only of the armies on the Blessed Isle. There are the Deathlords to consider. I doubt they shall sit still while we openly work to claim the greatest power in Creation."

"They will not. But your eyes are open to their danger," answers Three Fang. "My tribe, and my Circle, will watch you. We will not join - for now - but we are your allies if you call." He bows, then retreats.

The second is Black Ice Shadow, the Sidereal who has studied death. "I've spoken before," he intones icily. "I will only say this. Any action which rouses the Deathlords, at this time, will doom you. Do you intend any such thing?"

"Not if that is true," answers Egress. "Still, we must prepare in all possible ways to deal with them in a permanent fashion. Their presence ties our hands and weakens us in ways we will not long be able to tolerate."

"If I have learned anything," intones the Chosen softly, "it is that nothing is true forever." He bows, and takes his leave.

The third is a messenger-spirit. "I bear a scroll written by Wayang, the Black Puppet Mask, God of Silence and director of the Division of Endings," it announces formally. A hush falls over the throng; the named being is known, and his reputation becomes clear at the reaction of the Sidereals. The spirit continues. "'I know the day that is the end of your Deliberative,'" he reads, with some trepidation. "'And it is not today.'"

Egress accepts the first. She understands the Silver Pact well enough to know what the words mean. She can empathize. She'd much rather help from the outside herself. That option wasn't meant for her, however. Black Ice Shadow is one that Egress has come to expect to speak of cheery things involving doom and death. Fortunately she's one also wise enough to believe that what he says is very true. At least at this moment. The final announcement is at least somewhat positive. Still, she wonders just who out of the silent numbers plans to support her. When she speaks, she does so with a voice that is steady and even, confident though she hasn't a clue why. "Those who will stand as the new Deliberative as invited to do so now. There is much that needs to be done."

There is still much to discuss, indeed. Among other things, the question of what to do about Arnon is raised. He is still at large in Yu-Shan, he is still a risk, and a strong faction of the spirits, along with many Sidereals, refuse to take action in Creation when even the Celestial City itself is being invaded by the Yozis' agents.

As for the move in Creation, the most popular opinion seems to be the establishment of an independent area in the Threshold, far from Realm influence, organized around principles that will not excite the Realm's military ambitions, but rather further its economic and cultural greed. However, every faction assembled here has its own ideas.

Many agree that the search for a weapon against the Deathlords is of paramount importance. People such as Gilthane and Black Ice Shadow have knowledge and talents, or simple experience, to contribute.

In the end, what happens is what everyone expected - a single slow, faltering step. But nevertheless a step forward.