Ever since the return from her trip to the Singing Mountain of Dancing Fires, the young woman has been growing by leaps and bounds. Whatever occurred up there, it seems to have completed her healing. It is proving that against such a wound, no healing is perfect, as well. The caste mark of the Zenith is always revealed now, and her first forays into the manipulation of essence have proven that more was altered in her. Even the slightest brush with it and her anima begins to reveal itself--and that, too, has changed.

The lion now bears wings of gold and silver, and its mannerisms seem altered. The roar of defiance is now more a look of calm strength. Of power held in reserve. To be respected, yes, but to be feared only by the injust. The young woman has also changed. Her mane of hair has retained its color, but mixed in with the locks are soft feathers. Her skin has shifted to a pale color, tinged here and there with pink. She also bears a tail much as she did before her injuries.

The young man, has not changed terribly much. He in fact remains the same as he's been; ever at the young woman's side when she needs guidance, or even just company. He notes the changes in her, "You are learning faster and faster." Ramar smiles teasingly, "Soon I don't think you'll need my company anymore."

The young woman shakes her head and clings to Ramar's side. "Part of me will always need you," she says. "Soon I just won't be a burden to you anymore. And moth.. And Rumika can finally return to her normal life." There are still some wires crossed in certain parts of her mind, of course. A large part of her is still Rumika's daughter. The other part is not so sure that the same is not true of it, considering things. "I am doing the best I can. My body seems to be getting a lot healthier since the climb."

Ramar shakes his head, "You're not a burden, don't talk like that. Though I would appreciate it if we never have to go through anything like this again! Almost lsoing you once is more than enough for me." He's silent for a while, staring off into the sky. "You do seem a lot healthier, a lot more in tune with yourself as well. I think you're getting more to who it is you will be, instead of who you were."

"I know I'm happier this way," says the young woman. "Even if I'm not her anymore. I can see things now that she missed. I can hear things in the wind now." She smiles warmly, "I talked to a very polite air spirit earlier. Those are things I could never have done before. I'm learning so many new things about myself and about the world around me. I know some things aren't quite right, but I don't care."

"Out of curiosity..." remarks Ramar with a small amount of concern in his voice, "Which things are not quite right? You... you are okay, yes? Nothing terrible is going on inside anymore?"

"Oh, physically and spiritually all is very well," says the young woman. "It's the essence that is strange. And the caste mark that doesn't go away." She shrugs, "I don't mind those things. I'm fortunate to be alive at all, much less in the condition I am. I'm two souls spliced into the body that belonged to neither of them. If I can just figure out whether it's okay to call Rumika mother, there won't be many divisions left inside. It's really nice. So comfortable. I don't have any memories of her feeling so relaxed inside herself."

Ramar reaches out to touch the Caste Mark, while he seems to look over the young woman once more. He smiles, "I see. Well, that is something that I cannot do very much about, but as you say, it doesn't seem to be harmful. Although, I do not believe you are two souls spliced inside one body... perhaps you were for a time. Now though, you're more one soul than anything else."

"We're very close to perfectly harmonized," says the young woman. "I like the person I'm becoming very much. I don't feel the need to prove myself to everyone. I don't have the fears and doubts. I can tell you this, though. In that last battle, she knew what was going to happen and was not afraid." The young woman smiles, "So much of her is still me. And so much of Rumika's daughters is in my heart, as well. I'm like a newborn with many parents and I know they all care for me."

"I'm glad to hear that," says Ramar. "For what it's worth, I like who you're becoming very much as well." He smiles sadly at the mention of that last battle. The Solar nods his head slowly, "Yeah... I know. I know she knew what had to happen. And she did it just the same. Rushed out to meet her fate." silence again. Then he laughs, "But you're here. And you have many people who care for you. Parents and otherwise."

"I have all of her love for you," says the young woman quietly. "It's all there inside. I belive in it. But I know that it will take time for it to be returned. I'm much of the best of her, perhaps, but I am not exactly her." She smiles warmly, nuzzling at Ramar's shoulder. "Mother said soon I should go back to Bridal Veil. That I need to go back to finish the last stages of healing."

"No... I know you're not exactly her. I know you're not exactly Beautiful Sun Blossom either. You're... someone different. But I know who you are." Ramar's voice has an odd, almost ethereal tone to it. "I remember sometimes, what it was like out there beyond everything... where it was you and her, and... endless fields of grass." He shakes his head, coming back to reality once again. He smiles warmly at the young woman, and holds her gently. "And I love you just the same. I believe they'll love you in Bridal Veil as well. They are waiting for you."

"I'm not sure what I will do about the situation there," says the young woman. "But I am willing to help them how I can. I just feel strange about it, I guess. I don't know if I'm still their queen now. I don't know if I should be. There are so many people who have a say in that. But most of all, it is the people who should decide."

"I don't know what the people will decide... but I would like to remind you, in the end, do what you believe feels right to you. What is best for you." Ramar smiles, "Don't forget yourself in your desire to let the people have all the say."

"I will remember that," says the young woman. "I know that I cannot rely on the happiness of others to find my own joy. But I still will do what I can, because it feels good to help those who need me." She grins and asides, "I am not allowed to look at maps very often, because Rumika seems to think that I'll think too much of what goes on outside this house."

"She may be on to something there. The time now is for resting, for healing. Besides, I don't think I'm quite ready to know what's going on outside this house." Ramar laughs, "Er, oh wait, you're the one who is supposed to be not thinking about the outside world. It's nice to not have too much to worry about though. If I were you, I'd treasure this while I can."

"I have," says the young woman. "I just wish I could walk farther and see what is out there. The memories are no match for the reality of things. And there are so many friends out there I'd like to see."

"Then when you're ready, we'll fly." Ramar nods, "I think together, we can go further than anything. But, that's what a Circle can do."

The young woman smiles at Ramar and nods thoughtfully. "But first I have to learn to walk again. And then run." She smiles fondly at him, "I have a feeling I'll have help the whole way. But parts of it I must do on my own, I've found."

"Of course. Some lessons, only you will be able to learn. The same goes for any of us... but if there's ever anything I can do for you, you have but to ask." Ramar smiles fondly at the young woman, "So, I wonder... do you have a name for yourself? Since you're uhm, well, sort of new... in a way."

The young woman laughs softly and nods. "I've thought a long time about it. I want to be called Egress. Because I've escaped the darkness of death and madness, and I want to lead others on that same path." She reaches out to tap her caste mark again, "Now that I'm free, I can no longer hide."

"Egress." Ramar nods, "It's a good name, I think." He reaches out to tap her forehead, "And I would hope that now that you are free... you no longer need to hide. However, what I'd hope and what is actually true are different all too often. We shall see though."

"I'm safe here," says Egress. "And I think I'll be pretty safe in Bridal Veil. Even the Abyssals aren't so cocky about sneaking around in the Nation of the Sun." She shakes her head, "But I'm not supposed to think about them too much yet."

"Right. I would imagine there's a lot you do that you're not supposed to do." Ramar grins, "That's at least how I know you're almost up to full strength again. Climbing mountains..." He chuckles, "Well when we return, perhaps we will find it best to bide our time with regards to the larger world. To sit and grow stronger, without giving our foes a reason to bother us."

"The mountain wasn't entirely my idea," says Egress. "Mother said I should, anyway. And it seemed to work for me, don't you think? And as for sitting and being patient, that is the wisest thing. I think it's clear what was going on was too fast."

"I think so as well." Ramar stretches out slowly, looking to the East and West. "Ahhh, well you are entirely correct, Gal...Egress. We have a good deal more to learn before we're ready to move on to larger things. What is it you're hoping to learn?"

"Lots of things," says Egress. "But I think the first thing I want to learn is how to do some of the things you do. I want to learn sorcery. It seems to be the key to understanding essence, and through that, Creation itself."

Ramar considers this carefully. "It's but one path through understanding. And I believe that even though I know... what I know, I do not quite understand it all. It makes many demands on the self. Mind AND body. I don't quite have the two in tune enough just yet."

Ramar says, "Still, I'd be happy to teach you what I can."

"Well, perhaps together we can figure it all out," says Egress. "And with the help of a few books I'm sure we can learn a great deal." She hasn't forgotten the book, of course. She knows better than to speak openly of it here, though.

"Indeed. We'll see what we can learn. We've so much of this world left to explore too. I want to head back out West again someday, and see what can be found out there amidst the waves. Perhaps even track down the Sorcerous sites of legend."

"Rumika has told me stories about what she's seen of the west," says Egress. "It's where her home is. It's where I was born, in a way. At least a good part of me. So it's just one more place I can feel comfortable, right?" She turns her mind back to what Ramar has said, "What sites do you wish to see most of all?"

Ramar thinks about this one for a while. "I suppose that I'd like to see as much of the world as I can. I want to climb the tallest mountain, swim the deepest ocean, and find what is out there." He grins thoughtfully, "But, I've seen what I want to see most already."

"Oh really?" asks Egress. "And what would that be, hmm?" She grins widely and steps away from Ramar, winking at him. "I bet it's something you've had to pursue a very long time."

"A while. Something I was almost afraid to pursue, you might say." Ramar smiles, "Although I'm not sure I want to tell you. You'd have to guess what it is."

The young womans laughs softly and hmms. "Well, if it is so important to you, I imagine you don't want it to ever be far from your sight. And I would think you'd do just about anything for it, wouldn't you?"

"Hmm, that sounds about right. Although I'm not sure I can keep it in my sight as often as I'd like. I would do just about anything though, even move the earth. Or at least a city," replies Ramar, with a wink.

Egress shakes her head, "There's no need to move cities. She's right here, after all." She happily throws herself into his arms, then, hugging him tightly. "So am I really what the dreamer wants to see most in all the world?"

Ramar smiles, and staggers back just a little as he catches Egress, though he does not seem to mind one bit. He laughs, "After all of this? Hm... I'd have to say... maybe." He tries to keep a straight face, but, sadly cannot for more than five seconds.

She responds with much tickling of him. "Maybe? Maybe!" She giggles loudly, thinking to get a far more certain answer than that! The sound of such laughter rings out in the air clearly, and there is nothing but joy here.

Ramar laughs, helplessly. When at last the laughter has died down, for the time being, and the tickling has ceased, he sighs contently. "You know, I think I'm going to have to say maybe more often." He grins, "Well, maybe. So now that I've told you what it is I want to see most of all, here and out there," he makes an idle gesture towards the horizon, "I'll ask what you want to see more than anything?"

"People smiling for something I've done," answers Egress. "People happy and safe. And when I look in the mirror, I want to see the smile, too." The smile she wears now. She can't help it. "I just want to see more times like this. I'm so happy right now."

"Well, I for one and sure that you will see that." Ramar smiles, "And for what it's worth, I'm smiling because of what you've done." And he is. He's smiling just as brightly as she is, and can look nowhere else but at her. "And we'll always have this time, whenever you want, we'll still be here, like this. Nothing but happiness as far as the eye can see."