On the 21st day of the Ascending Fire, the _Seagull_, helmed by Davron, slips into the waters of the lake at the base of Weeping Prowler's mansion. He is greeted as he enters by Chi-Yosh, Gallius, and Ramar. Marina remains busy, working in and through Roleyn, laying the invisible spiderweb of influence and favors that is her trademark. With him, Davron brings the Master, whom Prowler receives with the coldest civility. The Sidereal and Solars leave quickly, while the Master explains his errand: "I have gifts for you." He has brought a map as well, and the _Seagull_ lifts off again, bound for the deeper forests to the north.

"The Bird-men of Mount Metagalapa were informative," the party's mentor says, recounting in short tones the nature of the trip. "They have an old shrine. The pictures of statues at that shrine reminded me of something from the older world. We go to confirm this." The _Seagull_ travels swiftly, avoiding the occupied areas at the forest's edges and finally settling in over the treetops next to a clearing.

In the clearing are six statues, representing winged beings with the heads and beaks of birds, with alabaster skin and eerily mechanical body structures. In the forehead of each is a hollow socket, and Davron looks from the gaps therein to his own power-bow and back. Hearthstone sockets. "Bring them aboard," counsels the Master. And so it is done.

Gallius aids in collecting the statues, though she is unsure of just what is going on. She is not afraid to admit her ignorance, either, "What exactly as these, Master?" she asks curiously.

"They are called 'Volos'," is the reply. "They are a wonder of the ancient world. Automata."

"It is good to see you again, Master," responds Ramar, who had been strangely silent during the trip. Although there is no mistaking the broad grin that the _Seagull's_ voyage had brought to his face. He murmurs to the ship, "It's good to see you too." When the statues are brought aboard, Ramar asks, without hesitation, "So what are these, Master? What do they do? What purpose did they serve in the ancient world? How do they work? Why do they work?"

"They are mechanical, powered by Hearthstones. Place your stone in the brow of one of them," suggests the Master. "You will understand."

Gallius nods to the Master. If that is his answer, that is his answer. She will see in good time, in that case. She's not precisely eager to meddle so much with these things of a forgotten past.

Chi-Yosh observes the statues with curiousity. Since meeting Valon and the Jaguars, he has been considering the potential variety of beastmen which could appear in the world. After the run in with the Spider Tribe... there is no telling what potential creatures are out in the world. All the matter of being allies and not enemies. "They move on their own?"

"Indeed," Ramar reaches beneath his dishsasha, beneath his breastplate and fishes out a tattered looking cord, lashed tightly onto it, is a glimmering stone. He undoes the wrappings with tender care, and then slowly slips it into the brow of one of the statues.

Davron walks around one of the statues, occasionally tapping the pale surface with a finger. "If I'd found them in my own travels, I'd be wary of doing any such thing... but if the Master says it is safe, we will do so." He nods to Ramar as the man slots a Hearthstone into place...

There's an audible **click** as the stone finds its way into the socket and is held fast there. The statue begins to hum, and its arms - formerly folded across its chest - unfold and open themselves up, as though the thing were waiting to be embraced. The motion is accompanied by a soft whirring sound, that of gears and other strange things within the interior of the automaton. The Master begins speaking crisply. "Volo, assume normal duties. Designate Ramar Galadon as controller. Authorization Na-Ur-Ke-Te-La." There's another whirring sound and the Master sighs a little. "Ramar, lean back against it, facing away."

"Very well. I'd ask what this will do... and also what has brought forth that sigh, however..." Ramar then turns, facing away from the Bird like creature. He leans back against it, an expression of utter curiosity and some trepidation washing across his face. _I hope he knows what he's doing... and that what he's doing doesn't leave me the butt of many a joke in the weeks to come._

The statue's arms lock around Ramar firmly, and its wings spread out to their full extension. A soft hum grows in intensity, and the individual feathers of the thing's wings light up with Essence. Then it bursts from the deck of the sky-ship, carrying Ramar dizzyingly upward into the sky. "Guide it with your body!" calls the Master after him.

Gallius stares upward as Ramar jets into the sky. Well, it was nice having a circle with so many members.. "I hope that thing isn't broken.." She laughs softly to herself, despite the worry, "I may be Chosen of the Unconquered Sun, but I like my feet on solid ground best."

"It won't matter for now," replies the Master calmly, his eyes studying Ramar and the volo overhead. "Only Chi-Yosh has a stone powerful enough to activate another one."

"Aaaaaaa..." calls Ramar, as he is lifted up into the sky at speeds faster than he is used to. However, as the Master calls up after him, he shakes himself back into focus, and he attunes himself to the motion of the wind around him and the direction of the bird. He does his best to bring it into his control, wheeling about in an attempt to strafe past the Skyship.

Gallius turns to Chi-Yosh, "You want to give flight a try?" she suggests, grinning widely. "Don't worry, I'll catch you if you fall. Possibly."

Chi-Yosh glances up at Ramar in wonderment. To fly! How very terrifying... yet how very thrilling. The way it moves... He looks to the Master, then Gallius. "...me?"

"To activate the other four, you will need to find more potent stones," says the Master, calmly enough.

Davron's eyes widen as the Volo takes flight. "You may speak for yourself, Gallius, but..." He pauses, and looks at the Master. "It takes a powerful stone to activate these? The _Seagull_ itself can fly without a Hearthstone - so surely these Volos must be powerful indeed."

"The ship is the more powerful of the two," says the Master conversationally, in response to Davron. "Which is why I am keeping it, and giving you these. You may still ride aboard the _Seagull_ when you do business for me."

Gallius nods to Chi-Yosh, "Come on, it probably won't kill you. We'll be right here, watching you." She's more than eager to encourage someone else, but she's going to stay right here, thank you very much.

Chi-Yosh draws his own stone, still shows a moment of hesitation. Then a frown. "Master, I count six." A smile starts to perk at the corners of his lips. "Is there something you're not telling us?"

To Chi-Yosh's question, the Master says nothing for a moment. "Of course," he adds, flatly. "The people who left them here had six, in case you are implying that I have some Solar Exalt up my sleeve, which I do not."

Gallius just watches Chi-Yosh, grinning at him. "You shouldn't worry, Ramar seems to be doing okay up there." Meaning he hasn't hit the ship just yet, nor the ground. Those are good things.

It takes a moment or two, but Ramar is getting quite used to flying in this matter. Well, more used to it than he had been before. Obviously it will take some practice to do make it look better than it does. He circles around the ship once more, his body becoming more used to the speeds and maneuvers he's travelling at and needing to use. "So... er... how do I land one of these," asks Ramar, as he moves in closer to spiral around the Sailing Skyship

Chi-Yosh plucks the stone from his necklace, deciding he needs to find a much more fitting piece to have it linked to. One look to Ramar's free wheeling Volo, then to one of the birds. A smile towards the Master. "Wishful thinking, I guess." Wandering to one, the stone is popped into the slot.

The Master repeats the process, and another statue opens its arms, waiting for a rider.

Chi-Yosh turns and lays himself against the chest of the Volo, taking a deep breath and winking Gallius's way. "Don't be afraid. It is not the fall to fear hights for. It is merely the sudden stop at the end."

Gallius grins at Chi-Yosh, "And that's why I'm going to stay just here. I like at least pretending my feet are on solid ground."

With a rather thrilled laugh, Ramar flies up in front of the _Seagull_ And he flies high above it, flipping once before diving towards Gallius, and as he nears, attempting to pick her up, feet on the ground or no.

Gallius barely gets those words out before Ramar has snared her, and as she lifts off she lets out a most unladylike screech of shock. It takes her a little while just to realize she has her eyes covered. Taking her hands slowly away, she looks at Ramar and grins. She is so going to have to return this favor! Then again.. "Wow.. this is.. amazing," she whispers.

And after several moments of flying, the Volo bearing Ramar wings over, turning in a roll before pulling up as Ramar attempts to figure out a bodily motion that will guide it to land. He does, though it's not going to score three points just yet. He releases Gallius, and asks, calmly, though his breath is coming a might quicker, "How shall I disengage from this device? How long can it fly for? Is there anything I might study to learn it's ins and outs?" He then bows his head respectfully to the Master, "And... thank you. Thank you Master."

Chi-Yosh flies into the air with the suddenness that Ramar had. And while watching the Westener play, the Su'Katan simply hovers above the _Seagull_ for several moments, getting the feel for his Volo. With that, the alabaster bird dives down the side of the ship, Chi-Yosh's feet running down starboard, then beneath, and back up port. Laughing deep, the man lands. There is more time to play, especially when the others have a chance. Especially when they are not so high off the ground.

---

The _Seagull_ touches down briefly in the Maze Forest, and Chi-Yosh and Davron make their way to Chi-Yosh's Manse. Once there, they make their way to the central room, and wade into the pond bare-footed. The two Solars begin their meditations, Davron guided by his studies, Chi-Yosh by the instincts granted to him by his own connection to the magics of the place.

Hours pass as the ritual of attunement progresses. The Su'Katan's role is simple enough - he simply relaxes his control slightly so that Davron can insinuate his own soul into the weave of Essence that permeates the holy place. Davron himself, as the new initiate, must needs take a more active role, as the words of the ritual open his occult senses to the flow of the magic that surrounds him.

And not only his occult senses, but his more mundane senses as well, for the physical form of the Manse is the canvas upon which the tapestry of the Manse's energies are painted. He hears the rustle of the leaves of the Manse's central tree, sees the play of light through the honeycombed windows, feels the cool water of the pool beneath his bare feet, smells the fragrance of the soil around him... and, as the final ceremony of the ritual, Chi-Yosh offers him a draught of water from the pool. As the water passes his lips... it is like a sunrise, as Davron feels the rush of Essence flow into him, warming his spirit with its touch.

The Essence not only pours into Davron like water filling a cup, but his own flows outwards, energy spilling into the Manse. As though spilled into the pond, power flows up the oaken tree, leaves sparkling across each leaf.

---

Gallius directs the course to be changed, for, she says, 'There is a friend I must introduce to you. Only recently we have met, and yet the bond between us is stronger than even the passing years can wear away.' She stands towards the front of the ship, visibly eager to land. Of course she has reasons to be proud. This city is the first she has ever tried to liberate, and also her first success. As soon as the ship touches down she leaps out, "It is not far! Come, she will likely be near a small thicket I know of."

Davron leaves the sky-boat close behind, smiling at Gallius' eagerness. "Lead the way," he says, wondering what manner of friend this is - but no doubt Gallius will make this clear soon enough. In the meantime, any friend of Gallius' is a friend of his.

"Very well then Gallius," says Ramar, eyes darting between the helm of the _Seagull_ and the new Volos that have been gifted to them. _I shall miss you when we must part company, but I shall return,_ this last thought is half-whispered, and then with a smile, he does a flip from the ship's prow, tumbling through the falling leaves, this being the only sign that anything has come by to disturb the land recently. He asks, "What friend is this we are to meet, and where is this thicket? Lead on, lead on."

A chuckle passes from Chi-Yosh's lips in quiet amusement at Ramar's affection to the Volo, but he can understand. He drops from the ship's deck and surveys the land, smiling at the sight of the village. So familiar, yet not quite his. Watching Gallius, he is simply glad she has perked from that troubled night several months ago.

Gallius leads on, moving swiftly, but not running. "All will be clear when you see her, I think. Let us just say for now that I have learned from her that the greatest of gifts are not to be taken by force. Hopefully in the future I will not need to be taught the same lesson twice." She cuts a path away from the city, and the thicket is not much to speak of, just a small spot of land surrounded by what once was likely farmland, but now it has been surrendered to the weeds. There is something amongst the trees, glimmering. "Jin-nu!" calls out Gallius, her voice rising in joyous laughter. The glimmer grows more obvious, and then it moves from the trees. It is a horse, but unlike any seen in this land before. It has a coat of gold, and on its brow is a long horn, glinting like molten gold touched lightly with pink. Its eyes are violet, and as it moves closer they show the spark of intelligence.

There are several moments in which Ramar is unable to do anything more than stare at this elegeant being, fascinated by the presence of the Unicorn. A grin spreads about his open mouth though, and he kneels, bowing his head with respect for the creature. "I am honored to be in your presence," he speaks, reverence and awe accenting his voice.

But Jin-nu is not just a horse, and as she draws near, her lips move and a rich, high voice calls out in High Realm, "Gallius! You have returned and are well!" Those violet eyes consider each of the circle for a moment, and each time the horse bows her proud head. "These must be the friends you spoke of before." The horse turns last to the Master, bowing deeper still, then turns back to Gallius.

Davron comes to a halt as he gazes in awe at the magnificent beast - no, clearly it is far more than a mere beast, he realizes, even before the unicorn speaks. "Jin-nu..." he repeats in soft, respectful tones, and then bows deeply in greeting. "Greetings to you, noble one."

Chi-Yosh's eyes sift from Gallius to the horned equine with awe. Hands fall before him as a first few steps are made toward the great animal, though Ramar's words give pause. Intelligence and awareness in Jin-nu's eyes remind him. A bow feels too small a gesture, but it is what he offers, for lack of a better gesture. Finding himself with a loss for a proper greeting, the Su'Katan offers her a wave instead.

Gallius smiles and stands beside Jin-nu, reaching out a hand to stroke along the beast's flank. She replies to the horse in High Realm, as well, "These are my friends, yes. And this is the Master." Gallius indicates the sidereal with polite gesture and smiles. "Jin-nu and I are going to ride together," she explains. "As long as the wind moves, the light shines, and the rains fall," intones Jin-nu more softly.

"I knew it!" exclaims Ramar, smiling to himself as a small triumph is gained at this moment. "Jin-nu, is it," says Ramar, once again finding his voice. "What is it like, being one such as you are, I wonder? And how is it you came to speak High Realm? Do you know many more languages than that, or is it the only one you know?"

Jin-nu's expressive face betrays a warm smile. "I can speak High Realm and Forest-tongue, the latter is that which my name comes from," she explains. "To be me is to be like so many others. It is to know the value of freedom as well as the value of service borne of love and understanding." The horse lets out a deep breath and adds, "But this you know well. If my memory serves and my mind's eye is sharp, you must be Ramar."

"Indeed. Indeed. Well then I should hope that you continue being you, and admit the considerable advantage that you have then, as you know our names and of our existence. Yet you exist here in secret." Ramar explains. He gestures with a grin to Gallius, speaking to the Zenith now, "Which does you credit, I should say, and to be able to befriend someone as this, it does you credit, more than you know. Congratulations are in order..."

Chi-Yosh has an urge to pet Jin-nu. He is aware that she is an intelligent, magnificent being, not unlike a spirit, or one of his circlemates. Stroking the beautiful, molten gold of her pelt might be a rude, uninvited gesture, like stroking another's hair. "Ramar is right; this is something great. Gallius of Roleyn has many talents."

Gallius smiles at Ramar and nods, "It is a gift, and one that was given freely. We are friends now, and our ways shall go together through the years to come." Jin-nu stamps a hoof, snorting a laugh. "I fear my humility will never survive this treatment. Chi-Yosh, Ramar, Davron, the Master, and Gallius. I have yet to meet the last of the circle, it seems, but that time hopefully shall come soon. I would be honored to join you in your toil, if you are willing to permit it."

Davron chuckles. "The help will be appreciated, Jin-nu. Gods know we can use all the help we can get!"

"I should hardly think it was up to all of us, but yes, I woud be honored to number you among our companions," replies Ramar, bowing his head once more. He turns to Gallius, "Indeed? Then there is a tale to be told, and we shall need to hear of it ere long... yet now, now we should simply enjoy this peace." Ramar gives an almost sad little smile. _After all, this may be our last chance for some time to enjoy such a peace._

Chi-Yosh says, "Come, Jin-nu, and be welcomed within our Circle." Glancing to Davron, "It seems to grow by the month."

Gallius moves closer to Jin-nu, leaning against her and smiling proudly. "As long as this agreement involves ample amounts of produce, it is all settled," says Jin-nu. Gallius laughs softly, "You and your apples. In any case, I think now that we are introduced, we may be ready for other things. Was there anything else you wished of us, Master?" Gallius reaches up to scratch Jin-nu behind one ear, an action which the beast clearly enjoys.

The Master breaks his silence and inclines his head. "Calibration approaches," he says. "I wish for you to attend the Carnival of Masks with me. It is a festival of spirits and gods. Many gods will attend. Many Exalts will as well."

"The Carnival of Masks," repeates Ramar, with wonder in his voice. "I have only heard tales of such a thing, where the gods themselves are said to feast... will you tell us of this feast and what we might do in preparation for it? I am honored you would wish us to attend." Ramar seems to focus off in the distance a moment, "I wonder if it will be safe to attend?"

"It is as safe as you make it, Ramar. If you conduct yourselves civilly and do not offend the other celebrants, you will leave safely. If you break the oaths of peace that exist there, I can do nothing to prevent you from being punished according to the laws of Yu-Shan." The Master hums to himself. "I will teach you all what etiquette you must know, although some of you understand the spirits already."

Gallius falls silent, looking to Jin-nu and then back to the Master. Hmm, a party? Not exactly Gallius' normal thing, but.. "Gods attend," she murmurs, half to herself. Jin-nu says quietly, "Perhaps the Unconquered Sun would wish to see his children at the Carnival."

Davron smiles. "So, it depends on what you mean by 'safe', friend Ramar. But safe or not, I have no doubt it will be... memorable." He rubs his chin, grinning. "Marina will be invited as well, will she not? She would not miss this for the world."

Other Exalts? Chi-Yosh considers the fact. If all are bound by peace, then perhaps it is the ideal place to meet others, from Lunar to even Dragon-Blooded. Where else to speak to them without reperations, to sway.

Gallius laughs softly and says to Davron, "I hope Marina is going to be there, else who will restrain Ramar and rescue his foot from the confines of his mouth?"

"She will be there. I have sent a message," replies the Master, unruffled.

Blissfully ignoring references to his foot or his mouth, Ramar replies, "I look forward to learning. And I ask, as you've mentioned the laws of Yu-Shan, if it is to take place within the Sacred City? Or is that simply my wishful thinking leaping to the forefront of my thoughts?"

"It is indeed in Yu-Shan," says the Master calmly.

Gallius says something that is more in her heart than anything else. "I hope Jin-nu may come, or will that not be allowed?"

"If she is escorted, she is welcomed," says the Master. "Marina or Ramar both have the right of escort; to pass the Celestial Lions, either to leave or to enter, one of them must be with the rest of you."

Gallius smiles, letting out a sigh of relief. "Then I guess we shall both stay with Ramar, and allow Marina freedom to do what she will. That is, if you do not mind, Ramar." Gallius smiles, more relaxed now that she knows all her friends can come along. "I don't suppose we can drag Non Valon into this party? And I really think Weeping Prowler could use a break, as well."

There is a sort of mixture of horror, awe, wonder, and an almost day-dreamlike expression on Ramar's face at this news. He does not bother attempting to conceal his reaction beneath his face, he remains expressive. "I... in Yu-Shan. The Sacred City. This is an honor indeed Master, a greater gift than the Volos, though both are appreciated greatly. Will we be able to tour the Heavenly City? Or are there places we are to be confined to?"

Chi-Yosh chuckles a little. "I doubt Prowler would come... however, Rabby might want to twist my arm for the chance to accompany us. Or maybe not." There's no telling what the Changing Moon would feel; so unpredictable.

"I believe they are likely to go on their own. You will be free to travel as you wish, to any place that is not restricted and advertised as such. If you see your Lunar friends, or myself, I counsel you this." The Master's voice grows cold and grave. "If you are asked for your names by any who are not Celestial officials, do not give them. Do not acknowledge those you know here. Though peace is the law in Yu-Shan, it is no crime to take what you know and the knowledge of whom you have seen with whom back into Creation with you."

Gallius hmms and sighs softly, "This party doesn't sound like a great deal of fun," she murmurs quietly. "But perhaps there will be something of use there, at least. Master, do you think.." The lady lets out a very soft sigh. "Will Ma-Ha-Suchi be there, you think?"

"I do not know," replies the Sidereal quietly. "But there would be little danger for him, and much gain."

"If he is there, I suspect it is not a time for conflict or confrontation, Gallius..." remarks Ramar, "And that he may be in disguise. It is nothing you should worry about... no, I look forward to this day. Will you teach me the Language of the spirits and the gods Master? And how are we to know who the Celestial Officials are?"

"I will," says the Master. "The officials you will recognize on sight. They are unmistakeable."

Gallius nods to the Master, looking pensive until Jin-nu nuzzles at her. "There is much you may see there, and I shall be with you, and your friends, as well," says the horse. Gallius nods slightly, "In any case, this is guarded business and far from a happy occasion. I simply must go into it with open eyes. Master, what might we gain from this?"

Chi-Yosh frowns a moment. The prospect of others luring them outwards in deception... "Master, there is potential to meet a wide aray of Exalts, from those chosen of the Sun, Luna's children to the Maidens' own, and even the Dragon Blooded. We have the chance to make alliances. But how can we do so without suspecting deception, or offering our names in trust, or places to meet later in fear of betrayel?"

"It may be a happy occasion. But do not think it to be an innocent one," chides the Sidereal gently. "Enjoy yourselves. Be no less cautious than you might be at any party your friend has invited you to, which unknown guests will also attend. This does not mean you may not reveal yourselves, or arrange to meet in Creation at some common place. For example, you may freely say 'I have heard of your troubles and will aid you in solving them, let us meet on the bridge of Nexus three days hence'."

Gallius nods to the Master, but says, "We will see. I have had mixed luck with new encounters, and it is one thing to go to the party of a friend, another altogether to go to a party of strangers. I go with the hope of hearing the voice of the Unconquered Sun once more, and if I hear it, I will be content. And perhaps there shall be song." Jin-nu nods slightly, "The songs alone will make it worth the journey," she agrees.

"Not to mention the stories. I for one am decidedly looking forward to this... I only hope we are able to obtain proper Masks before leaving." Ramar gives something of a wry grin, "And now, something tells me that there is much left to be done."

---

Gallius stays behind, for Valon wishes to consult with her on his battle-strategies, and allow her time to form a plan of action. The rest of the Solars begin their own journeys back to Nane, and the Master promises to return for Gallius on the day before Calibration begins. And with that arranged, the Sidereal scholar begins the task of teaching his pupils the difficult and demanding tongue of the Old Realm.