As usual, Gallius rises early. She dislikes the urban clutter of Nexus, and since Jin-nu stays away from the city, Gallius is eager to get away from it, as well. She can be found past the outskirts, leaning against Jin-nu and writing in a book. Yet another journal of sorts, it seems.

A breeze rushes past, bending blades of grass towards the ground as it cools the waking world. A shadow crosses Gallius' face just before a small pebble bounces off of her shoulder and onto the ground below. Ramar stands before her, holding a handful of pebbles as he watches the other Solar curiously. "Good morning Lady Gallius."

Gallius looks up curiously at Ramar and tilts her head. "Good morning, Ramar. What are you up to this fine day?" The Lady sounds different this morning. Less exhausted, perhaps. Jin-nu turns her head and says, "Ahh, a good sun on you, Ramar. Playing with pebbles?"

"Yes, actually," replies Ramar. A playful smile is in his eyes and on his lips. "I am rather enjoying it as well. You sound rested Gallius, I'm glad to hear your voice once more. Although I can't help but wonder at the fact that we leave you alone for a few days and you end up..." a rock goes sailing lightly through the air, towards the Lady's tail, "With your very own piece of tail."

"Well, I fear I got the full tail, and not the piece," corrects Gallius softly. Jin-nu laughs, "Not for lack of trying," she comments. The Lady shrugs, unaffected, "Valon is quite difficult and stubborn. You can lead a horse to water but you cannot make it drink." A ripple of laughter comes from Jin-nu and Gallius actually smiles and laughs herself.

Ramar chuckles, "Oh? The poor horse... left thirsty while the trough waits for him." He shakes his head, "Ah well. I'm sure it will work out sooner or later. You could always simply address things directly. Tell him what it is you want. Remind him that you're not half steel."

Ramar grins, "Or at least that certain parts aren't completely steel just yet."

Gallius laughs softly and sighs, "Ramar, a man worth the time of a lady will read her heart and then read his own. If he finds the two want the same thing, he takes it, and no amount of kicking, tugging, or squirming will dissuade him." She shakes her head, "No, no.. if the child of Luna is incapable of understanding his own instincts far be it from a harvest girl of Roleyn to teach him."

Ramar laughs, "Well, we shall see. Here I thought you Easterners were the ones where the women were in command, where they handled the... drinking." He winks, to show he is merely joking. "Although I imagine some tugging might dissuade him, depending on what it is you tug. And besides... the last I remember hearing, you're no mere harvest girl... you're the heir to the throne and Chosen of the Sun."

"Perhaps, but that's not how I want a lover to see me," says Gallius. "A man should see a woman not just for a title, but for what she is. He should know every inch of her." She laughs softly, "We aren't very shy about these things in Roleyn, you see. Anyway, a man should know the one he loves, head to toe, better than she knows herself, and he should treat her like a dove in his hands. Or at least that is what I'm hoping for. Though I was kinda hoping.." She grins, "This dove is pretty tough, after all.. and Lunars are not known for their subtlety.."

"I'm sure that no one has any trouble seeing you for who you are, Lady Gallius. It's difficult not to, I think." Ramar smiles, tilting his head just a bit, "Every inch you say. Curious. I suppose I'll have to ask what it is you aren't shy about." Ramar sends another pebble sailing through the air, and another. The second hits the first, which falls to the ground and bounces off of Gallius' toe. He smirks, "You are hoping to be treated as a dove who is tough enough to be held by an unsubtle Lunar? Although I feel I should add that there are those Lunars out there who are renowned for their subtle cunning and manipulations."

"About love and mating," says Gallius. "I suppose in other lands you are a bit more quiet about it, but in Roleyn they aren't nearly so subtle. For us, though, it's important to know what you want from a lover and-just as importantly-how to get it. I imagine I didn't do quite well enough this time, though. Lunars are very stubborn, it seems, I may have to just break down and lead him by the nose after all."

"Well I'm sure. You could always simply try asking. They may have a sort of ritual you know. Courtship customs and the like. It's a curious society you know." Ramar smiles, "Although I am glad you've found someone who will help remind you of that part of you that wishes to be nothing more than a woman. Should you need such reminding still. Are congratulations in order?"

"Not until Valon has decided that he's not too old for me," says Gallius. "If he gives me a line like that, I'll have to show him that in Roleyn women sometimes.." Here she laughs and her cheeks turn a bit red, finally, "We sometimes just take what we want when fool things like proper etiquette get in the way. We're not so formal about the dealings of lovers."

Ramar feigns embarassment. "Goodness garcious me. Remind me to be wary around you, should you decide to just take what you want... proper etiquette or no..." There's no hiding the wry smile. "Perhaps I grew up in the wrong portion of the world."

"Maybe so," says Gallius, grinning widely. "But love is a terribly tangled web, I warn you. It tends to take you places you might not have otherwise gone, and there's no promise they are good." She grows more serious and adds, "And yet.. I truly believe it's always worth it. It's better to risk and pay a price than to hide."

"I happen to agree with you Lady Gallius. It is a tangled and risky web, but well worth any risk, should the course run true." Ramar stretches, allows a yawn to escape. "Although I am not terribly certain I know where love can take you."

"To the guts of the underworld and beyond," says Gallius. "Love will take you anywhere it wishes to prove its power. And if you turn away, you lose the risk, and the reward, as well. Love doesn't have to be so dangerous, though. Sometimes love is just warm and pleasant, rather than hot and passionate." She looks at Jin-nu and nods, "Like with us, and with the whole circle."

"I see. I feel that the Circle's love will only grow stronger in the days to come. Call it a hunch." Ramar smiles, tilts his head a little, "So how DID you come by this tail anyway? Although I don't need an answer now, I'm reminding myself to ask you this when we finish talking about love and Valon pulling his head back into the world enough to notice that there is in fact a rather beautiful and intelligent woman who is rather interested in him."

"I went into the Wyld," says Gallius. "With Valon and Jin-nu. They managed to not get any new ornaments, but I picked-up something of a curiosity." She sighs softly. Jin-nu snorts, "Valon offered to remove it." Gallius answers with only a slight pause, "But he says he likes it, too. I'm quite silly to let a man trick me like this. Besides, it kinda fits. I'm supposed to be a bit of a lioness, am I not?"

"Into the Wyld. I shall go there someday. Although I do not know if I am to bring Valon and Jin-nu along with me or not." Ramar grins, then tilts his head to watch Jin-nu, "I see." He turns towards Gallius, "Forgive me, Lady Gallius, but I have a hard time believing that you let Valon trick you like this. The fact that you say 'he likes it, too' leads me to believe you enjoy it as well, Lioness of Roleyn." He smiles, "The name fits, if nothing else."

"It was a name meant for me, I think. A seer from a long time ago spoke of my coming," says Gallius. "Though he wasn't very sure just what I'd be doing. Something about an age of growth and prosperity. You know, the normal things prophets say, with a lot of war and suffering on the way. Nothing good comes easy." She laughs a bit and adds, "And I'd really not care if Valon were tricking me if he'd just quit hesitating and.." She breaks off and laughs again. "Poor Valon."

"These seers know what they are talking about sometimes. Other times... welll." Ramar chuckles, then asks, "So what drove you to visit the Wyld, Lady Gallius? What have you learned while we've been away?" A pause then, "And what would you do if Valon suddenly quit hesitating and instead did what you hope he does?"

"I'd probably sleep really really well for a few days, then get back to work," says Gallius. "And I went to the Wyld because Valon suggested that I might learn something of use in my search. I made a promise to the first holder of my spark in Yu-Shan, and now I know the next step to completing that quest. North a ways and I'll see what I shall see. And then more work! Maybe the cold would provide a useful excuse.."

"Oh certainly. Everyone knows that when you must sleep in the cold it is best to huddle together under blankets and clothing to conserve body heat." Ramar grins. "Still I wonder... what sort of knowledge did you gain? What is this other work you have planned after you and Valon have warmed each other up?"

"After the north comes Harborhead," says Gallius. Her voice grows softer, here, "I feel I am ready forit, and my mate of old is challenging me to appear there. If Ma-Ha-Suchi stands without Solars we all will have failed. The Celestials must stand together first, and then the children of the dragons must return to their places at our side." She smiles and goes on, "And if I am truly up to this conquest, then perhaps my second birthright shall be mine."

"Your second birthright, Lady Gallius?" Ramar raises an eyebrow curiously, and his voice and manner soften as she speaks of conquest and trials. "What, might I ask, will you do when dealing with Ma-Ha-Suchi in Harborhead? I worry about the way things might go."

"I am going to lead armies at his side," says Gallius. "And together we must crush the strength of those people. In the wake of their defeat, I will lead them into a new destiny," she explains. "They are in love with war and prowess, and so seeing those who are greater than they will be a start, an opening. From there they can be lead back to the truth and to a new destiny. The weak shall be protected, the strong shall be empowered, and the virtuous shall rule."

Ramar smiles. Although it is a somewhat more serious smie than before. "I understand. I shall help you in any way I might. I'd be wary of the intrigues you might be subject to in the wake of your victory. Perhaps those in love with war and prowess may learn a little more from us, hmm?" He grins, "Besides this might wake Valon up."

"We'll see," says Gallius. "I will do what I can. But in the end, what I desire to build is difficult, and I shall call upon many hands to make my dream real. Only the Celestials have the power to make it come swiftly, but every hand shall have a place in the world to come." She laughs a little, "Even stubborn Lunars."

Ramar raises an eyebrow, "And just what is it you desire to build for this world Lady Gallius?" He smiles, "If you do not mind sharing your dreams with someone who perhaps dreams far too much for his own good."

"The Lunars are right," begins Gallius. "The Sidereals are right. The Solars are right. And in many ways, the Dragon-Blooded are right. We are all right, but none of us is totally right. I think it is the duty of our kind to show everyone this. There are benefits to civilization, and there are benefits of the freedom of wild living. I want to turn Harborhead into a collection of cities not outside nature, but inside it. A place of freedom and power. Feared, yes, but not as a tyrant, but a force that is not to stand by helpless in the face of danger."

"Perhaps respected is the word you look for, rather than fear, Lady Gallius." Ramar cannot help but smile as Gallius shares her dream with him. "It is a good dream that you dream, and perhaps it will be a monumental undertaking, but I am led to believe that this is what we are here to do. I cannot say for certain. Sometimes it's hard to remember this, but in the end, I know that I must and will do what needs to be done. What is good."

"There are many of us, Ramar. I shall call the Solars to Harborhead. It's liberation from the sad past will stand like a beacon for our kind," says Gallius. "Together we shall change Harborhead first, and then turn our minds to the rest of the world, knowing that there is a place for us to grow strong and be safe."

"How will you ensure Harborhead's safety, when such a large number of our kind are hidden there?" Ramar tilts his head curiously, settling down on the grass beside Jin-Nu and Gallius. His fingers fold between each other thoughtfully, "I am curious."

"We are vulnerable, Ramar, because we are divided. Together, there are few who would dare stand against the Solars," says Gallius. "And if the Lunars also wish to stand with us, it is the better portion of the Celestials, and many Sidereals will approve of us, I believe. We must not forget them, either."

Ramar nods, "Despite their wishes to be forgotten, you are right. We must not. What will we do concerning them? From what I understand the Bronze Faction and you have entered some kind of deal with one another?" Ramar peers at Gallius curiously as he settles in to listen.

"We have. They are desperate, clearly," says Gallius. "They desperately want to keep the Realm from disintegrating. I agree, that is not what we want. We want the Realm to grow and learn, not to die. I have no wish to kill so many fine people just because they were told lies." She sighs softly, "And how can we free them from this lie? The truth could destroy them as surely as a war."

"This is a task which must be undertaken carefully, I agree... although I think perhaps the Realm has had its day. The first age is through, nothing will ever again be like it. Only the phoenix arises and does not descend. Everything changes." Ramar pauses, his voice softer s he speaks, "And yet... nothing is ever truly lost. Perhaps instead of rebuilding the ashes of a fallen kingdom, creating a new one, better than before... is what should be done."

"A new one, certainly," says Gallius. "But I fear if the Realm crumbles before the time is ripe disaster might come upon us. The Realm holds a great power, and for now the Dynasts are not tearing each other apart. The dead are poor allies for the living. Which is yet another problem."

"Which is? The dead and their desires to make all of Creation dead along with them?" Ramar nods, slowly, "Or did you mean something different?"

"Yes, the shadowlands," says Gallius. "We face many dangers, but some can't be handled until we unite against them." The Lady stretches and smiles, "And some I will put off until I've settled with my own needs, too." Her grin turns utterly wicked and she says, "I wonder, though, what I shall do if that fool really has no interest in a young Solar." At this Jin-nu laughs softly, "Then let all men fear," she teases.

Ramar sighs wistfully, "Yes, it seems as though there's a shortage of those interested in young Solars." He laughs, then sits up straight, "Though, in the interest of keeping all men from having something to fear... should you be unable to settle with your own needs..."

Gallius tilts her head, looking at Ramar curiously. "Hmmm?" She raises her eyebrows, "Ramar, are you suggesting something?" She seems amused, but her eyes betray a bit of seriousness.

Ramar looks to Jin-nu for a moment, then smiles. "Yes," A pause, "you are right, perhaps we will have to unite to handle some of the dangers we'll face. I have to wonder how we'll handle the newly arrived Solars? Not all of them might look forward to having to unite together."

"Perhaps not, but all have a place in the world, whether they are meant to be on their own or to work with us directly," says Gallius. "I am hoping to create a new organization that will help govern the world and prevent disasters in the future. We will need much help from the Sidereals and Lunars in this, though. And eventually the Dragon-Blooded, as well. They are the most like mortals, and that is of great value to me."

"And there is another great task you set before yourself, Gallius. Although I have to wonder at why you believe the Dragon-Blooded to be the most like mortals... I am of the belief that because of who we are, we all have the potential to be more mortal than mortals. If this makes any sense." Ramar chuckles, "Although I am not certain of how I am doing as far as making sense and getting my intended message across." He tilts his head, then asks Gallius, "How am I doing with that regard?"

"I think I understand," Gallius says softly. "But the Dragon-Blooded are more like mortals because they do not have thousands of years to face. They live most easily with men because their power, while great, does not eclipse them in the same degree our own does. The Celestials stand higher, and the years may well make us remote and difficult to understand. I want us to remember our humanity and our selves, as well." The Lady grins widely, "I don't think I'll have trouble with that."

"Well that makes one of us that does." Ramar smiles softly, then changes his tone briefly. "The Dragon-Blooded... hmmm. Yes well I suppose that makes sense, but in those thousands of years, it is possible to learn much to put you on the same level. In some ways." Ramar grins, "Well again, should you have trouble remembering your humanity and yourself..." he trails off, then shakes his head, "I already made that suggestion. Although it is fun to dance around the topic, I must admit."

"I imagine you might suggest more than dancing," replies Gallius. She is clearly having fun with this, now. "Not that I'd mind. A Zenith must do her best to make sure the Solars stay on the path of enlightenment." Jin-nu can't help but burst into laughter at this. "And here I was trying to be serious!" says Gallius. "Anyway, what do you want to do, hmm? I'm more forward than the widows at harvest today, it's time for me to keep my mouth shut a little while."

Ramar laughs, "You have an active imagination Lady Gallius, though it's not necessarily a bad thing." He turns to smile innocently at Jin-nu, "What precisely is so funny about the path of enlightenment?" He manages a full ten seconds before laughing again. He turns to Gallius, "As for me? What I would like to do... I want to see the world, to perhaps bring my own dream into being. One of them anyway. Although you do not need to keep your mouth shut if you do not wish to. How forward are widows at harvest?"

"As forward as they can be," says Gallius. "They have youth still and no man to share it with. In that kind of situation, knowing what they want, and where they can get it.. They are very forward." The Lady smiles impishly as she goes on, "I imagine they'd like you. Young, good smile. Rather innocent in their eyes, I suppose, but so much the better. They know what they are about, and Roleyn women aren't afraid of breaking in a man anymore than they would be a new horse."

"Ah." Ramar shakes his head, "I suppose that makes sense then. Is youth something to be shared with someone?" Ramar smiles, although there's something about the impish smile that has Ramar a little wary. "Breaking in a man? It sounds like it'd hurt. Especially the breaking part."

"Not at all," says Gallius. "At least not from what my men have told me. They said they like it quite a bit." She laughs a bit and continues, "They say being with a more experienced woman is an honor and a lot of fun. As for breaking, well, it's just a word, though sometimes it seems to get rather wild. Barbarians aren't the only ones with hot blood, you know. Roleyn hasn't grown soft and is far from restrained when it comes to passion." She explains a little further, "There are many places in Roleyn where you can find soft grass and be more than a day's ride from anyone."

"Ahhh. I see. Well there you have it then. Though there are likely Barbarians with blood that runs hotter than most. Save for maybe the Fire-blooded ones." Ramar winks, playfully. "Still, I believe I get your point... but what does finding soft grass and being a day's ride out have to do with anything? That is rather a non-sequitir, I think."

"You ever lie down on nettles or on dry leaves?" asks Gallius. "Or on rocks?" She giggles. "No, warm, soft grass. That's how it ought to be. That's how we roll in the hay in Roleyn. I suppose a bed is alright, too, but houses just don't have the wind and the sun and the air. Or water, if you want to take the plunge in the river." She can't help but giggle even more, "I bet you wonder how anything gets done in Roleyn, the way I'm talking."

"Yes, actually. I've laid down on nettles, on dry leaves, on rocks, on branches, on sands hot enough to scald, on snows cool enough to freeze, the swaying, splinter-shod shelf of a bed you'll find in a ship... they're not the most comfortable of things, I'll grant, but I got a good night's rest upon them. Why do you ask?" Ramar tilts his head and regards Gallius curiously. "Er... roll in the hey? And I have seen that quite a bit is done in Roleyn, they all fought valiantly..."

"Mmm, I wish I was home about now," says Gallius. "Even though I don't officially participate in the celebrations, but I imagine the joy of the living is causing quite an event. And there will be new widows, and they will chase the men down. Even in death there is new love. We don't mourn very long." The Lady smiles and explains, "We are a warrior people, and life and death are part of our being. We are sad, but the dead didn't fall for us to mope over it. They want us to live as the people of Roleyn have for centuries. And that is with passion and joy. Borders change, dark days come and harvests may fail. We are still around, and that's something to celebrate."

"I don't believe many officials take part in celebrations officially..." As Gallius goes on, Ramar begins to gain some understanding of why she was asking about lying down on dry nettles or soft grass. His cheeks tint slightly. "That is an admirable viewpoint. Life is meant to be lived, to be celebrated. The passing of someone into death is something else to be celebrated if they move on, so to must we." He smiles, impishly, "How would you celebrate, were you back where it was peaceful Lady Gallius?"

"I don't know," says Gallius honestly. "My heart is not easy at rest. Even now I feel the moments passing with a nervousness that I can barely contain. I want to be on my way and face the next task. The world is moving, and here I sit, idle. That is my curse. If I could forget that, however, I would likely find that soft, green grass, and find a man who wanted nothing but to remind me that I'm a woman first, and a warrior second." She sighs softly, "But that is not my fate. Not yet. I have the years to come, and still I am not patient enough to wait."

"I can understand that... I am sorry then Lady Gallius, if I am taking up too many of your moments. Although I am thankful that you see fit to share them with me, instead of finding the soft, green, grass." Ramar smiles softly, "You will have many years to come I'm sure, and perhaps you will find time to lay idle for a few moments upon the soft, green grass..."

Gallius laughs softly, "You are not taking up my time. You are helping me relax." She settles on the grass and winks, laying herself out on it. "Maybe I will find some time, after all. I imagine other lands would think we people of Roleyn are a bit too unrestrained, but there's a wisdom in our ways. Dwell too long on what was lost and you will lose even more. Seize the moment and cherish it. Whatever happens afterwards will happen." She smiles and shuts her eyes, still speaking, "Don't be afraid to love, and don't be afraid to lose."

"I am glad then." Ramar lays back, strecthing out on the grass. His eyes roll in Gallius' direction, "Perhaps, though from what I have learned there are those lands who would think Roleyn to be rather restrained and civil." He chuckles, "There is no denying the wisdom to your ways though. Thank you for sharing it with me."

Gallius laughs softly, "Mmm, I wonder what those places would be like.. I imagine they'd be amusing at the very least!" She will have to see about that. "In any case, we're not all that far from Roleyn.. but the north must be handled, and Harborhead, and who knows what will come next. One thing at a time, though."

Ramar nods, his hair becoming tangled up among the grasses. "At the very least..." He chuckles, then breathes in deeply. He reaches up and strokes Gallius' hair softly, just once. He too has his eyes shut. "One thing at a time. For now I think the one thing to worry about is relaxing here. For a few more minutes at least. It's so peaceful... so restful."

Gallius smiles and doesn't say anything, though she does notice. "It's nice, just resting for a little while. My heart feels lighter and my head clearer. Things to do.. but in their time. If they don't go as expected, we'll find a way. It's nice to not be alone."

"We will perhaps create our own way, Lady Gallius." Ramar smiles, his voice is as soft as the grass, "Such is my hope. And as for being alone, you're not, if you do not wish to be."

"It seems we are meant to," murmurs Gallius. "And I do not wish to be alone. It may not be very queenly, but I don't do as well left utterly to myself." She smiles, lets out a soft breath, saying, "I need others like me to be near so I can give them strength and lend their strength at the same time."

"You know, I believe that makes you a better leader than many, Lady Gallius. Sharing strength with those who turn to you is a fine thing to do." He reaches up to stroke Gallius' hair once more, "Now though, it is perhaps time to dream." Ramar draws in another deep breath, relaxing as the world seems to slow to a peaceful crawl.

Gallius smiles and shifts a bit, perhaps only coincidentally offering her hair to Ramar's wandering hand. "A nice sleep might be good." She lets herself drift off and dream untroubled dreams without delay, and a warm smile stays on her lips even as she wanders in dreams.