The Stone of Mental Health is now inert. In the hearthchamber a new stone is being reborn. _The Fisher was right. Others are gathering information on us. Spying. This cannot be changed... but perhaps it can work to our advantage. I must find a spy first... but how to catch one... what sort of bait._ The Solar puzzles over this while the skyship sails for the Nation of the Sun. _Perhaps, I can lay a trap within the bureaucracy itself... we shall see..._

Once back in Bridal Veil, Ramar begins his work. His knowledge of how things work, with a little assistance from Marina will enable him to lay the first part of his trap. It starts with subtle changes to guard details. From one of the patrols, a guard or two is to be assigned to watch one of the older buildings, one with nothing outwardly worth watching... while the rest is spread throughout the city. In Riverhaven, a few extra guards are scheduled to be posted for three nights. Ice and Mountainheart will each receive a summons, asking that they be present for some minor task... an audience with some minor merchant, and a demonstration of skill-at-arms... something that a bit of digging can reveal as bogus. _After all, it wouldn't be any fun if we didn't have the spy do their homework._

A few more curious orders and assignments are issued. Just enough to make it seem as though something is to arrive at Riverhaven and is to be kept safe. In a roundabout way, Ice and Mountainheart will be assigned as unofficial escorts, that is to say, they'll be accompanied by a small troupe of merchants travelling from Riverhaven to Bridal Veil. When it arrives, the changes to the patrols in Bridal Veil are to take place, freeing up traffic near a rather unimportant building. Ramar considers this, and takes steps to make sure that the appropriate documents are hidden... not too well, but hidden to the point that a little digging will unearth them. _A few more layers of red tape perhaps... but this should give our quarry the impression that someone important is to arrive. I hope it's not too obvious. Now for the next step... arrangements for myself to be there to meet this mysterious arrival..._

In addition to the changes to assignments, Ramar is also taking the liberty of drawing up some communications, theories regarding their search, notes on where they'll go next. These are passed on to Marina and then to Dace, through official channels. _This should help. We'll give the spy an idea of what it is we're to meet about. Perhaps it can be suggested that we've discovered some new piece of information, and that we must go clandestinely to retrieve it... in case we don't catch our spy observing the meeting. Then, we can see if anyone takes the bait. We'll need someone to watch the room we're meeting at, see who takes an interest in the goings on therein._

That night, the meeting takes place. A merchant caravan has arrived from Riverhaven, Ice and Mountainheart are travelling along with it. The guards patrol their usual routes, until the Sun begins to set, then the changes take place. The stars are beginning to appear in the soon-to-be night sky, and Ramar makes his way as stealthily as can be to join the rest of the group. One by one as the night draws on, a small party of people make their way to an empty house, used to receive diplomats, and meet within the central room. Lanterns are lit, and the empty house has a faint glow leak out from some of the windows. _Now... let's see if the trap will work._

"Good. Everyone's here." Ramar gives a bit of a grin, though it might be hard to discern it from within the shadowed hood of his robes. "We've recently learned from the _Nai Yun_ that..." And so the conversation begins. The Solar describes an encounter with bandits, and learning from them that a tome of ancient lore had been hidden in the not too distant hills. Marina will confirm this, and Mountainheart and Ice are asked what they think. Ramar emphasizes the need for expediency, but also the need for secrecy, as it would not do well to tip the hand of the Nation. Not yet anyway. And all the while, as they speak, Ramar's senses are razor sharp... he listens for breathing that does not belong to those present in the room, casts his gaze about now and then for a shadow drawn just a little too long... and even the scents are searched through...

There's a brief pause as Ramar considers the group. "Yes... this should work." He then continues to explain just what it is they intend to do. As detailed, Marina will run interference if anything terribly important should crop up. Ramar and the Dragon-Bloods are going to head for the hills. Each is to bring along a disguise. And the talk continues through the night, until the lanterns burn low. "Now then," says Ramar, stretching. "Get some sleep. We'll leave in a day. Prepare for the journey."

---

The next day, though a little weary from the night before, Ramar sets out. He knows full well which official channels the information has passed through, and thus where to begin the search. It will take some time. A good day's worth of walking, offering drinks, bringing food to those who work away their days, and as he does this, he engages this list of likely spies in conversation... every now and then a little innocuous phrase is dropped, hinting at the meeting that occurred the night before, or the journey that the Solar is to embark on later... and Ramar is careful to pick up on who responds to those cues, and how.

It seems that one of the young women who recently passed the civil-service examination, a bright and cheerful farmer's daughter from the upper midlands area, has recently found herself a charming new paramour. This handsome and cultured gentleman seems to be on her thoughts; Ramar spots a love-token resting on her table in the government building, in the carven shape of a pair of foxes with their tails intertwirled. Her eyes dwell on it whenever they can, and the workmanship is unmistakeably the same as the architectural flourishes on the mansion of the Cho clan of merchants, and the Chos have only one son of marriageable age.

The call goes out for merchants, for recommendations. The Nation needs some work done, and has asked for brave souls to aid in its task. The task is to make a journey to a village not too far off, although coincidentally it takes them past the very spot discussed in the clandestine meet the previous night. Ramar grins to himself, rather pleased about the way this request is phrased. When it floats past the proper channels, it ought to be passed along quite handily. Sure enough, among the names recommended is Cho. Highly recommended in fact. "If he is as good as you say, we shall take him."

The next morning, before the Sun has even risen above the distant horizon, before even the first few rays of light have illuminated the sky, a small band departs from Bridal Veil. The Dragon-bloods Ice and Mountainheart walk alongside a wagon. Inside the wagon are digging tools and geomantic reading kits... along with Ramar, kept hidden in well-hooded robes. Cho Rana, is in this caravan, as are three mortal soldiers. Bodyguards, though the Dragon-bloods are assurance enough, it would seem. _Now. Then... to find out what we need to know._ Ramar pauses, listening carefully to the whispers of Essence, letting them tell the secrt thoughts and tidings that float at the surface... Ramar smiles, "So, tell me about yourself... Cho Rana, was it?" And so the conversation begins. Point and counterpoint. Cut and thrust. It is similar to a sword-match.

The fencing is done with words rather than swords. Here a striking question, parried away with false humility, only to be left exposed by a seemingly unrelated remark. Innocuous remarks, designed to draw out information instead of drive home the killing blow. The caravan moves on, passing through beautiful fields. Every now and then a few will get too close to the caravan, though the Dragon-Blooded guardians keep too much trouble from being visited upon the caravan. The hills mentioned in the meeting loom in the distance. They shall be there by the days end.

During the conversation, Ramar will draw Cho into questioning further about the mission. He'll allow him to draw out that the business done in the next village isn't the main reason for this trip. He'll even let Cho discover that he means to stop for a while longer than is necessary, to make some kind of brief detour, but that it should not take long. Of course in doing so, Ramar seeks to learn from Cho about the spirits he's dealt with, those he's familiar with, and further information that Cho Rana might have picked up, from terribly innocuous places. And so, the caravan arrives, and camp is made for the night. Ramar spends some time making the camp is secure, and getting a fire going.

Night falls on the small band of travelers. One by one they slowly drift to sleep, with the Dragon-Bloods taking up positions at either end of the camp, in case something should come along to trouble them. Their weapons are in arm's-reach. Ramar too drifts off, it seems. His blanket is tucked over him nice and comfortably, and his eyes are closed. He breathes rhythmically. This breathing though is not due to his being asleep. It is his means of focusing on what his other senses are telling him. He's smelling the night air, feeling the way the wind is slowly beginning to shift direction, and listening to the sounds of the animals not too distant. There's another sound he's listening for... the sound of feet trying to be silent, the sound of Cho Rana making his way towards someplace more private, more secure.

As quiet as can be, Cho Rana leaves the camp. Moments later, Ramar sits up. After a quick glance around, the Solar departs... he uses Essence to lighten his body, just as it heightens his senses... and as the merchant's son makes his way towards the spot in the woods, Ramar takes a less visible route, though one where he can be just as silent. He stays back as far as is possible, to the point where he can still keep an eye and ear on Cho, even from the treetops.

".. you travel with is a Solar Exalted, milord," says a hushed voice, almost a whisper, and even Ramar's sharpened hearing can't catch the very beginning of the conversation. Another voice follows. "This is doubtlessly a trap for you." A third voice follows - Cho Rana's. "I see. So they suspect that the Cho were involved in the uprising..."

The two nonhuman speakers resemble terra-cotta statues, with glowing eyes. Ramar recognizes them immediately. They are ancestral guardians, spirits crafted from statuary as protectors of the dead and servants to the living in some influential family. Their loyalty is nearly unshakeable.

Rana speaks again. "Very well. If he's an Exalted, he may know of your presence. That white Dragon-Blooded must know as well.. We can't tip our hand now, so stay with us as normal. If that man attempts anything, I'll reveal him to the Terrestrials. They have the bearing of men of the Realm - they wouldn't let an Anathema get away."

"And if he's already subverted them, my lord?" asks one of the spirits.

Rana frowns, sucking air between his teeth. "Even if so, he wouldn't be handling me so lightly unless he wanted something from me. I refuse to believe this is just coincidence. We'll have to find out what he wants. For now, keep with us. I'd better get back to the camp."

The stars are barely visible when Cho Rana returns to the camp. Clouds have gathered in the sky above, and the air hums with the energy of a restrained storm. In the distance, thunder rolls gently across the hills. Ramar is seated near the dying embers of the fire, barely revealed by their faint glow. "Come, sit with me. We must talk."

The two sit by the fire. Ramar's hand passes over it, and the embers crackle briefly, their glow seems to follow his gesture. "You know who and what I am. Why do you believe you were brought here?" There's a serenity in Ramar's voice, in his expression. Lies are perhaps futile therein. "And, be honest."

"I don't know," says Rana, curling his lips into a sardonic smile. "Perhaps you will tell me."

"In time, I might." Ramar regards Rana, studying the man's face, particularly the eyes, windows to the heart within. "Where do your family's interests lie?" These words carry weight with them, the weight of unspoken questions. "And why should we suspect them of involvement in the uprisings?"

"We are a clan of merchants. Our interests are in the Four Blessings: harmony for all under Heaven, prosperity for the virtuous, opportunity for the ambitious, and security against ill fortune." Rana considers the second question more thoroughly. "There are those men of business who use strife to turn a profit - arms merchants, sellers of impure medicine, and other vultures. We have been accused of this before by rivals."

"I have not heard such words." Ramar leaves it unclear which words he has spoken of. He regards the young man beside him carefully. _There is at least honor among this clan, if they act in accordance with these beliefs espoused._ "Where do you believe the interests of the Nation lie?"

Cho Rana smiles again. "If I believed I knew that, I would take your civil-service examination and join the bureaucracy," he says. "I am a merchant, not a ruler."

"Of course. Your thoughts are your own. Why then do your spirits watch us?" Ramar gives a glance in the direction of the aides, hovering invisibly nearby. "And do not lie."

"Should my family's guardian spirits not watch over me?" asks Rana.

"Why were you present then, two nights ago, in a meeting to which your attendance was not requested?" is Ramar's reply.

"I was not present for any such meeting," says Rana, calmly. "Do you have proof of my presence?"

"Yes." Replies Ramar. "Unless your family's guardian spirits act of their own accord, well away from your family home."

"They do not speak or act for me," says the trader, still calm. "So do not accuse me of being present where I was not."

"I see." Ramar smiles. "Perhaps I was wrong then. You might not be what I had hoped to find."

Rana shakes his head. "If you hoped to find a spy, saboteur, or rabble-rouser, I am none of those things. I am a man interested in money and peace, and I and my subordinates sometimes take steps to ensure the continuation of both."

"Yes." Ramar considers. "So why did you ask them to attend our meeting? Though they do not act for you, to say that you do not know the things they know, is... folly."

"I do not deny that my guardians were present," says Rana, his eyes narrowing. "And just as they investigated you, you are here investigating me. Both of us have kept secrets, have we not?"

"We do, this shall change." replies Ramar. "I'm curious. Why, when I asked what I hoped to find, did you presume I meant a spy, saboteur, or rabble-rouser?"

Rana smiles again, this time with a look of satisfaction. "If you merely thought to offer me some position, or contract, you would do so openly, because that is an guileless transaction between gentlemen. Ah, but if you feared me, or thought me a danger, you would bring me out here to the wilderness, away from my family's soldiers and defenses."

"Of course, of course. Although, it was my understanding that you were willing to come along." Ramar pauses, "Is this not the case?"

"A man who is not a danger has little to fear from the virtuous ruler," replies Rana. "If I thought your government corrupt, I would not have come. And of course, naturally I would not have come if I was guilty of some crime either."

"And why should I suspect you of a crime?" Ramar smiles, "Is there something you wish to tell me?"

"I wish to tell you that I find your line of questioning confusing," replies Rana. "You wish to get me alone, perhaps to study me, perhaps to isolate me. You instigated this meeting but have not shared your intentions. You need something from me. You have no proof of some wrongdoing, otherwise I would be in chains. What else should I believe?"

"You are not alone, though. Your family's guardian spirits watch over you. They have been watching over me. I wish to know why," replies Ramar, "the Cho clan sees fit to take an interest in something that was not meant for the public to take an interest in?"

Rana's face becomes an expressionless mask as he speaks. "Do you wish a formal apology, or a punishment, for the spirits who trespassed?"

"I have told you what I wish." replies Ramar.

"Either it was wrong of them to be present, or it was not," counters Rana. "If it was wrong, then I will make it right. If it was not wrong, then you are out here with me merely to satisfy your curiosity, rather than on business for your Nation."

"Then you mean to say, if you knew that someone had listened in on your family's business dealings, someone you did not necessarily wish to listen in, you nor your family would have any business learning any more about the incident?" is Ramar's counter.

"My family would hold meetings in locked rooms," says Rana. "If a trespasser came, we would press charges against him before a magistrate, as is proper. We would not take him into the woods and question him in the darkness."

"And they would do nothing to learn more? To learn how the trespasser had learned of its existence to begin with?" Ramar tilts his head. "Curious."

"Whatever my family did about the matter would be done properly and virtuously," the merchant says. "But in this example of yours, what do you suggest we should have done?"

"I would suggest learning more. Nothing improper. But then, it is not improper for two travelers to share a night's conversation. Nor is it improper to ask why things have been done." Ramar considers this carefully. "In this situation for instance, what would your family ask the trespasser?"

"A night's conversation is ordinarily cordial, and one may decline to answer troublesome questions at one's convenience," says Rana. "Especially if the tone of conversation approached that of interrogation. For myself, I would ask this trespasser no more than a gentleman ought."

"Yet you have not chosen to decline to answer any questions, nor have you stated which ones are troublesome." Ramar replies, "And, someone who was not guilty of any crime, nor a danger should have no reason to hide the answers to such questions."

Rana shakes his head. "If I am not being questioned in an official capacity, is it not my right as a gentleman and citizen to hold what secrets I wish? If I am compelled to answer any question at all on the basis of this argument that 'an innocent man has nothing to hide', then I am living in a tyranny."

"You are not. Yet you based your earlier argument on that principle, so do not take offense when it is used against you," replies Ramar. "Yet our conversation has taken a rather circuitous route. Away from why your spirits were present."

"And I have asked you if I am being questioned formally," says Rana, still calm. "If so, then I do not accept the blame for whatever route the conversation has taken. You were free at any time to make your intentions clear, and to level a proper accusation."

"I see. Then you mean to say that I am inept? That I cannot make my intentions clear?" Ramar raises an eyebrow curiously, "I believe I've already stated them, yet you keep telling me I do not. I must be mistaken, and I apologize for that."

"You wish to know the answer to a question," says Rana. "Very well. Since you have not accused me, and have evaded my question about the legality of my spirits' presence, I can only conclude you yourself are concealing something. If it was not wrong of them to be there, then it is so, and I will testify before a magistrate that I believed it was not based on your behavior." He clears his throat. "If a man suspects that affairs in his homeland might profit him, he might seek to learn more about them. He might send his loyal retainers to learn what they could and caution them to be prudent."

"Well, that answers it. I see. Forgive me if the conversation approached more... interrogatory tones. I do not mean to threaten you, merely to ascertain whether or not it was something that I should have been worried about." Ramar sighs, "I am new at dealing with this sort of thing. We shall finish our journey, and you of course shall be compensated for your efforts and your conversation."

Without a word, Rana rises and bows politely. He turns, making his way back to where he'll be resting.