"The Hectary was the greatest of its kind, a multilevel garden that.." The Master stops, turning, to see who stands in the doorway of the library. His lesson to Chi-Yosh is interrupted, and he rises. "Gallius." Simultaneously a greeting and a question - 'what do you want?' is implied by his eyes, peering out from the sun-browned southern face.

Chi-Yosh was listening intently. His eagerness for the flowers to bloom had sparked a discussion with the Master over an ancient garden from the first age. Of course, his attention shifts to Gallius almost at the same time the Master pauses.

Gallius stands there with her usual, lazy grace, looking more like a leopard ready to charge than the uncertain woman she really is at the moment. She gives Chi-Yosh and apologetic look, then turns to face the Master. "I am sorry to interrupt, I can return later with my questions." Unwillingly, perhaps, but she has manners and wisdom enough not to force the issue.

"Ask," directs the Master calmly. "Gardening can wait; you have concerns. Let's lay them to rest, now."

"My questions are possibly of no relevance, but I must at least try to understand for myself this situation I am in, and how best to act both for myself and for my people." Gallius reflects for a moment, then begins. "I would like to know why you have chosen Nane. Perhaps it matters not at all, but I am curious. I also would like to know what you might tell me of the battle that is to come. It is said you see somewhat of the future. Do you know what is going to happen?"

Chi-Yosh spreads his hands in a dismissal of the apology, the faint smile warming over any doubt. Though, as her questions come forth, a wry tilt to his lips come. Questioning the Master on such things generally meets a wall. Although, why he is here, that raises the interests of the warrior himself, attention tilting towards the Sidereal.

Nodding, the Master holds up a hand for a moment, and gestures to his face with it. The man's skin is smooth and brown and dark, darkened by the sun and common among the peoples of the south. "I am not from the East. I sailed up the Yanaze in my youth as a merchant. There was an incident. I fled for my life. I became Exalted, moments before I would have died on the shoreline. It was soldiers from Nane that saved my life. I owe a debt."

To that answer Gallius nods, "A very worthy reason," she replies. "I owe debts as well, else I would not be here. A question I did not ask is then answered, but what of the battle? I would know as much as I can, so I could send news to my father. He sent me to find answers to his questions, but I found more strange puzzles instead."

The Master frowns. "Ma-Ha-Suchi will not destroy Roleyn," he says at last. "He may raid it, as he has before. He will certainly raid hard, if given the chance. The kingdom will suffer. But it will be months before that is a danger. That is what I believe, not what I foresee. I will conduct astrology while you are away in the forest."

Chi-Yosh watches the Master and Gallius, a frown finding him. Can Gallius return to her kingdom anytime soon? It might rouse suspicions if she does not return to her people regularly, but then there might be hassles with the Hunt and other problems. If she can't return, what would it do to her position, not to mention the opinions of her subjects? These questions are none of his business, nor is it his place to ask, but the concern is there none the less.

"I have a special request, then, if you are willing to entertain what may be foolishness." Gallius speaks evenly, as she does almost always, "When you feel I am ready to face Ma-Ha-Suchi, let me know. I cannot forget what the justice of my people demands, though I can delay it until I can bring it about." The Lady has more to say, though, and seemingly can shift gears easily. "Master, what can I do to repay my debt to you? I can see a few things. If I am any judge, you are not lying to me. The Wyld Hunt is after me. Therefore you are hiding me here, and my acts are merely a way to pay for this. What might I do to rise beyond this and pay for my life, as well? We are simple people in Roleyn, and we have been weak for a long time, but we do not fail to repay debts unless life leaves us first."

"You may repay me by becoming more than simple people," says the Master, in a softer voice. "All of you can become great. That is what I wish. That is... how the world was designed to be." He actually slumps down into a chair, looking grave. "I am not of the First Age. But I have its memories and its dreams. Perhaps..." He calls out, audibly but not loudly, "Henlen!" A moment later that worthy appears, the aged servant smiling softly. He steps into the library and inclines his head to the Master. "Henlen," says the Sidereal, "tell them how we met."

Henlen smiles, his old face cracking with the motion. "Well, I found this poor child washed up on the Rock River," he says in a calm, almost sing-song voice. "I was leading my patrol, and I had the urge to check along the river.. I didn't know why, at the time, but I KNEW something important was there. And so it was." He gestures to the Master, before continuing. "I took the young man back to the citadel here, and sent him to the surgeons. He was a remarkably fast healer, as I found out."

Gallius nods deeply to Henlen as he arrives, then listens intently to his story, a small smile forming on her lips. It is a comfort to her that some force was looking out for her even before she was born.

Chi-Yosh listens to the Master, in a tone more pained and personal then most of his words. To be great. Is that to be great like Gallius plans to be, a general and a kingdom's ruler? Or are there simpler things. The traveling one who helps those around, one situation at a time. The releaver of the sick and pained, the mender of the emotional - much less diplomatic - fences. Is that also what can be hoped for, expected, for the Solars? When the Master told Gallius her destiny, part of him yearned to find out what his was. Yet, the other half fought with the desire, wished to smite it for such desire can be damaging. To know his destiny can be just as bad as not knowing, can impede it even. Though, his mental ramblings halt as Henlen arrives, and his expression mirrors Gallius. There is much more here then mere employee and employer.

The old man continues, in the voice of remembrance. "He served me well in the following years, and together we kept our kingdom safe. And now the master serves and advises my son just as faithfully as he did me. If our meeting was destined, then I thank the Maidens. And if it was truly an accident, it was one that I would have done again, given the chance." Henlen inclines his head, smiling oddly, and takes his leave of the library.

"More than one saved me, then," Gallius muses softly. The Lady turns back to face the Master, considering him carefully. "Is Nane safe from this new conflict? If not, what would you ask I do to help protect this place?" She smiles and adds, "I'm fairly stubborn at times, especially when there are things I feel I need to do."

"Nane is safe, unless someone calls attention to it," replies the Master. "Its time for greatness is not here yet. What can best be done is to shield it from suspicion."

Chi-Yosh smiles a touch. "A turtle does not draw attention to it, and remains safe in its shell."

"But a kingdom can never be quite like a turtle," murmurs Gallius. "Eventually it's people must come from their shell, else they cannot trade, cannot learn, nor grow. No one land can handle all the needs of the people." She is finding the Master most forthcoming, so she is still searching for more questions. "Do you think it would be wise of me to meet the nobles of this land? Perhaps I could arrange some kind of trade between Roleyn and Nane. That would put my father at ease."

"If you wish," replies the Sidereal, calmly enough. He again wears that carefully neutral mask he sometimes does, and which Chi-Yosh is starting to recognize. It's the face that says 'if you do what you wish, it is you who will receive whatever comes of it'.

Gallius raises an eyebrow, "You certainly keep a tight rein," she says. She doesn't seem put-off, though. "If you want to test me and see me grow, I must act on my own, though. I will meet the nobles. Perhaps I might meet the King, as well, but only in good time."

Now the Master smiles, broadly. "You realize the truth of things," he says. "I will introduce you."

Chi-Yosh has the feeling that Gallius is going to make a good addition to the Circle. If nothing else, she has a clear head of things, and doesn't dress it up fancily. After a moment, he eases to his feet. "And I will show you the rest of Nane, if you would like, Gallius." While the Su'Katan wants to see what kind of ruler she is, and show her things that some royalty never see, he doubts it will be needed.

Gallius offers a bow to the Master and says, "I will go, then." She smiles at Chi-Yosh, "I would be grateful to see what you might show me." Before she leaves, though, she adds to the Master, "If ever you wish to ask something of me, but fear you ask to much, ask me."

The Master's only response is a wordless gaze, which nevertheless carries the hard message of his authoritarian nature: I neither ask nor fear, child. Nevertheless he busies himself with things in the library, while his two Solar proteges make their way out.

Nane had been wandered several times by Chi-Yosh, the man enjoying simply taking in the sights of this city and its inhabitants. He had never really been in something so large before, and thus made it a point during the says in the citadel to just explore. And he had made several aquantances, if not friends on these ventures, requiring him to stop by and share a word. Gallius is shown the shop areas and districts, but she would note that the areas start to get less fancy and high class as they go. And all the while, her guide had brought with him some flowers in a box from their holding. Not the blessed _yurei_, but a lovely boquet of purple flowers. Finally, they stop at a little house near the edge of the city's wall. "I would like you to meet someone," He finally informs, having otherwise been quiet about any intentions.

Gallius follows quietly, save for the sound of her armor as she moves. The Lady seems always to wear it. She notices the flowers, but shows patience, waiting to see what they are for. "Who am I going to meet?" she asks when Chi-Yosh mentions it. "This city is quite impressive," she adds as an afterthought.

"A friend," he replies, the most cryptic he ever gets. Three solid knocks on the door earn it an opening after not too long. "Well Chi-Yosh," Calls the delighted, slightly high voice from the doorway. A short man past the middle of his life peers out the portal at the two of them. His dress is simple, barefoot with trousers and a tunic. "Oh, pretty," He concludes to the flowers, giving them a brush. "Oh, pretty," repeats the man as he peers past the warrior to Gallius. "Hello there."

Gallius bows to the man, "Well met," she replies. She smiles warmly, turning to Chi-Yosh and awaiting an introduction.

As if taking his cue, "Gallius, this is Padma. Padma, this is Gallius, a friend of mine." A heartbeat later, "She's with the guard, and just seems to like her armor." "Ah," Concludes Padma, noding his head sagely. "Well, no concern for the guard to be here, at all! None whatsoever." A stagewhisper to Chi-Yosh, "I'll take these flowers to the garden, and hide the stolen loot." With nary a hesitation, the older man collects the flower box, and disappears into the house. "Make yourself at home! Meaning, set the table, get the fire going."

Chi-Yosh can only offer a shrug to Gallius and a near boyish grin before simply wandering into the house. It's meager; two long rooms that are sectioned off to appear as four. Not the cleanest place either. A table that would more fit two then three is in one corner by a fire hearth. This the Su'Katan goes to, and begins setting the fire, working with flint and steel, and continuing until the flames are licking. Then cups are collected off of a shelf, placed on the table. Seating becomes an issue; a stool from the other side of the room, one consumed of bottles and shelves, containers of multiple sizes and a multitude of other such things.

Gallius nods to Padma, "I am unused to moving about without my normal attire," she explains. Any longer explanation would have to grow creative and wander far from the truth, most likely. She does not complain about poor conditions, but instead offers compliments, "A very cozy place," she says simply, and there is no sign of mockery in her voice, nor in her heart.

Chi-Yosh watches, listens to Gallius despite his tasks, and while not showing it, he is smiling. There was a reason he brought her here, beside simply to bring her here. Padma returns, carrying a bucket of water, and this is carefully poured into the iron pot on the fire. "There we are. Now, you two sit down." He then takes to wandering to the other side of the room, collecting a few small bags, a bottle of ink and pen, and a beat up book, which he returns with. Setting the latter equipment down, the bags' contents are pinched into the water in measured degrees that go on merely by intuition. "How do you like your eggs, Gallius?"

Now that is a good question, which will no doubt lead to good eating. Gallius fortunately was not spoiled with fancy dishes. "Poached or scrambled, either is fine with me. Do you need any help?"

"Oh no," Padma replies cordially. "I havn't any eggs. But," he explains, moving on to another bag, "But it's still good to know. Knowing how a person likes their eggs cooked can tell you much about them. Scrambled can mean patience, while a pickled egg might mean they like to travel. But it isn't an exact thing." Setting his ingredients aside, a ladel is collected, to stir. Chi-Yosh can merely spread his hands in explination to the host. "He is a touch interesting. But, good to talk to." "Good to listen to, you mean. You're so quiet over there I'd think you were an owl."

"Ahh, hmm." Gallius grins, quite amused. "Well, I wonder what my egg-eating habits teach you about me." Hopefully not too much. The Lady turns to Chi-Yosh, then, "And how do you like your eggs?"

Chi-Yosh can't help but smile a little sheepishly. "However I can get them," He explains. "They aren't that common where I am from. We didn't have poultry just farmed, so it was a matter of stealing eggs, and that was not a common habit... But they're very good."

The Lady nods to Chi-Yosh as she wonders to herself just what kind of person Padma really is. "So do you always ask people about their egg preferences?" she asks, smiling. "It seems an odd way to start a conversation."

Padma has sat down, and has a book open. He's idly jotting something down, while looking up. "Well, sometimes it doesn't matter how the conversation starts, so much as how it travels, and finally how it ends. But odd beginnings often spurn talk worth a grin." He continues to write.

Gallius considers the book for a moment, not sure just where this conversation is travelling at all, now. "I suppose that is true enough for all things," she replies. She looks from Padma to Chi-Yosh and back again. Most curious company Chi-Yosh seems to pick.

Chi-Yosh gestures towards the other side of the room, towards the various containers and other such things. "Padma is an apothecary. Many people come to him for herbs and medicines. You could say we talk professions." Setting down the quill, "Quite so. Sharp man, Chi-Yosh. Though, you really ought to learn to read; it will make things easier." This earns a guarded expression from Chi-Yosh. A glance over his shoulder at the cauldron, before peering back to his guests.

Gallius laughs softly, "Now it makes more sense. So you both make a study of plants. Perhaps you might tell me a few simple remedies while I am here. I leave most of these matters to others, but it is always useful to know a thing or two of the local plants."

Padma nods his head. "Certainly." He leans forward, chin in palm. "What's the ailments needing remedies?"

"Actually," begins Gallius, "They are mostly for my horse. He often gets colds and I hate to let them linger, else they might grow into something far worse. I was looking for something like the healers use back home. They are small berry-growing plants we call mistleberry, but I rather doubt they grow in this area." She goes on to say, "I do not know just how it works, but the healers would prepare the roots and berries in a paste and I could use it as a salve to drive the cold away."

"Hmmmm." The apothecary leans back, clucking his tongue like a lazy rooster, considering. "Colds... hm." He nods, and raises to his feet, wandering over to the other side of the room. "Well, a good bit of habolic leaves crushed with a little bit of Rary root, and applied to the nose and chest generally helps with human colds, but... Hm. I don't know if that would work with a horse, or if something else..." Again the clucking of his tongue. "No idea. It'd just have to depend. You said from home? Where are you from?"

Gallius guesses it's not too dangerous to tell that much. Especially since it will likely be common knowledge soon enough, "I'm from Roleyn. It's a long ways from here, so you not know much of my people. We live on rolling plains and treasure our horses like kin, so our interest in their health may be a bit unusual to those outside. Yes, the paste would be applied near the nose. Perhaps your remedy works the same way. It had a strong scent, that much I know."

"Roleyn. Long ways away, I would say. Well," He concludes, hooking thumbs in the waistband of his trousers, "I will just have to see about the remedy. But I can see how a rider can get attached to a horse." The cauldron has begun to boil, and he shuffles over, drawing the ladel up and spooning the contents into the cups. The book is closed for now and set aside.

Gallius nods, "A very long way," she murmurs. "And yes, Wingfoot and I are quite close, though I haven't been able to ride lately as much as I would like. I miss the sprawling plains where you can get lost in the horizon for days." Her eyes for a time drift away, seeing another time and place. "In summer the winds are warm, and the grasses long, and it looks like a green ocean, warm and inviting, and then it is autumn, and the world is golden as the grasses slowly prepare for another winter." Her voice comes in a soft chant, and in her mind she sees her home as it was.

Chi-Yosh smiles towards Gallius, understanding wholeheartedly her fondness for home. For he feels the same, about the Su'Katans. A place he spent all of his life, up until the Exaltation, and it still is in his heart. Going to the Maze forest brings the potential to return to his village - a potential he wishes to take. After discovering the map of the waterways, and its' relation to the Founder's symbol, he has to return, to ask about it. "You can be taken out of the home, but the home cannot be taken out of you," He offers to Gallius.

Gallius nods, "Memory is a pale reflection of home, but it is good to see it, even if it is just that and no more." The Lady turns to Padma and asks, "Have you lived in Nane your whole life? I would like to know about this city, about your King."

"Aaaactually, I came from the West." He smiles delighteduly. "I was a sailor in my earlier days, and made it here, before stopping. The ship I was on was attacked by some Wyld influenced ruffians. So I decided to settle down somewhere safe and ply my fascination as a trade." He gestures. "And this is what I have for it." The statement might be bitter from another, but Padma says it with a song in his heart.

"You have made the most of what some might call ill fortune. You seem pleased, though, and for that I would guess you count yourself lucky." Gallius looks about her for a moment, nodding at some thought. "Is all well in the city, then? I must admit to knowing little of Nane. I hadn't really planned on coming here, but the future often has its own plans for those who walk under the sun."

Padma can just give a nod. "Mmhm. Now, you want to know about Nane? All right." He leans forwards, and they spend the next bit of time discussing the kingdom. The tea is sipped, and after another hour of conversation, the duo departs as Padma's guests as a customer arrives. The two work their way through the winding streets of Nane towards the citadel they had left earlier. Finally, the warrior looks aside to the Queen in Waiting. "What do you think of him?" He asks.

"A very polite man, he seems, and one that has done what few ever can," answers Gallius. She adds an explanation, "He has succeeded when life pushed him from what he felt was his appointed path. A lesson we will have to learn quite well." She sighs softly, "I never thought I could come into a position where my former life would seem simple. It is.. ironic."

Chi-Yosh smiles a touch, both to himself and to the response. He had brought the woman out to meet Padma for a very particular reason, and the Su'Katan is pleased that his suspicions were correct. For if they had not... "Your former life will be your next one. Just grander. Do not fear this change, and the responsibilities ahead. For we have not yet come to them, because we are yet prepared."

"Do you ever wonder what would have happened had you not.." She looks around for a moment, and corrects herself. "Had you not had such a great shift in your fortunes? I do not fear the load I must carry, I merely hope that I do not stumble on the way. I need time and knowledge." Gallius studies the city about her, "A lot of knowledge. I will need to learn the city first, and then I must see about entering in the service of the king. That at least will be a worthy purpose when we are not busy."

Chi-Yosh looks wary as Gallius nearly spills the secret, but as it turns about, he nods once. "Sometimes. But I found that the changes that have happened merely have given me more capable at what I would do otherwise. I was taught to do what must be done, because I can do it. Now, I can do more, because I am capable of more." He simply nods to her accessment. "You and I both."

"And perhaps through the king I can learn something more for my father. Those barbarians that are on the march need to be dealt with," says Gallius. "There are too many pieces on this board now, though. Our curious cousins who thwart us with dreams and raids, this upcoming skirmish involving the Realm. I wonder where it all will end." The Lady sighs softly, "But wondering is pointless. Perhaps we should get back? The Master might have some use of us.. and he might even show some small sign of friendliness."

Chi-Yosh nods, and leads the way back to Nane, all the while his mind on Gallius's problems, and his own. Tomorrow is the trip to the Maze forest, and he is to deal with the Lunar who has beckoned him. Nothing may matter about the coming months if things go severely wrong in the forest, and only time can tell.