All days in the Nation of the Sun are busy. The palace at Bridal Veil has become something of an ant hill, as workers even now expand it, creating enormous wings from which this portion of the Nation shall be ruled for centuries to come. Helios willing. It shall be Marina's palace, once the capital situation is resolved. The city's new streets are full, as well, as trade has increased greatly, markets opening where raiders and inhospitable terrain once barred the way. What shall be the new market square is also still being prepared. Everywhere one turns they can see life bustling, busily striving to grow now that the sun's light has returned.

But this day is not just like any other. It is not every day that kings from the Confederation of Rivers come to visit. This one causes an even greater stir than other visitors, however. The King of Roleyn may be his title farther west, but here the people know simply that the father of their Queen is coming, and that there shall be festivals. Of course any festival that excuses some playtime requires hard work to make up for those hours lost. The palace is abuzz as Marina's potent flows of essence leave not the least bit of inefficiency to survive. There is no paperwork in miles that the Solar bureaucrat is unaware of. The queen's time, especially, is largely in the control of her advisor when she is not away. Still, that budgeting leaves some time for preparation and rest, and so Gallius is looking over the growing city from one of the towers of the palace, a small smile forming on her lips.

Gallius wonders idly what her father will make of the delegation she has sent to him. She imagines he will greatly enjoy the airship, and Dace in his orichalcum armor should be a fitting honorguard all on his own. Lady Yuriana and Malis were also to be sent. Gari she leaves out of these plans. The king has little love for any former horse thief. Gallius is suspicious of the man, though. Lately he's seemed hard to find, often writing out long poems or practicing music when she's managed to track him. That can only mean some girl has caught his eye. The queen has yet to find out who that might be.

"Of all the fool things to worry about," mutters Gallius softly. A soft voice comes from behind her, then, "What is that?" Gallius laughs and shakes her head, "It's nothing to worry about, Jin-nu. I was just wondering what girl it is that Gari has been chasing." She sighs, still looking out over the city, not seeing Jin-nu's rather uncomfortable expression, "I promised I would not tell, Gallius. If you wish me to break confidence, I will.. but.." The Queen waves a hand, laughing softly, "I shall find out from him. He will tell me sooner or later. Usually far sooner than this, however. I hope it is not one of the lady's of the court. Or their daughters."

Jin-nu laughs nervously and shakes her head, "No, no, nothing like that, my Queen." Those words do get Gallius to turn and look at her friend. "You've never called me that before. You must really be hiding something big? It's not you and Gari, is it?" Gallius grins wryly, "You know you wouldn't have to hide that. Gari is a handsome man, and well, it kind of fits his history.."

Jin-nu nearly falls over herself to deny it, sputtering before she can finally speak. "No, no! I mean, Gari is kind, but.. I do not think I would ever consider him that way. The man is just far too brash and he.. hmm. I do not know if you knew this, but he's very unrestrained."

The Queen snickers a bit at Jin-nu, turning back to watch over the city. Jin-nu coughs, trying to recover a bit from that episode. "So today your father will come visit," she says softly. "It will be very interesting to see what he thinks of all this, won't it? You humans and all your noisy bustling about. Still, look at how much has been done in the past two weeks. Your people are far more happy, it seems, than they used to be. Children play in the streets now. There are schools." The wylding moves to join Gallius in staring out over Bridal Veil. "And yet you've found the medium you sought," she adds quietly. "There are groves in the city, and areas will be left to be wild by your desires. Life is in the air here. You can smell it, and you can feel it."

"Can feel what," asks Ramar, with a somewhat toying tone to his voice. "Er, that is if I'm not interrupting anything terribly important." The Solar has moved closer now, joining Gallius and Jin-Nu. "And if you don't mind me joining you in city-gazing."

Jin-nu grins, "Maybe I should leave you two alone?" she shoots back, more than eager to tease. Gallius arches an eyebrow at the wylding, which just makes Jin-nu laugh even more. "Ahem, anyway, certain you can join us, Ramar," Gallius says, trying very hard not to join Jin-nu in laughing.

"I am sure we will find time enough to be alone eventually," replies Ramar, who willingly joins Jin-Nu in laughter. He moves beside Gallius, and hooks an arm around hers. "For now, what peace there is to be found is more than welcome."

"You know, it will be interesting to see what my father thinks of... this," says Gallius. She's not going to clarify what she 'this' is, though. "In any case, we have a few hours to get ready. Marina allocated time for the queen to rest today. She is a hard taskmistress most days, but her heart is in the right place at all times. She's so thrilled when I know what forms are needed." Gallius lets out a soft sigh, looking over at Jin-nu, "And you know my father will be most interested in a horse that is also very much a Lady. I will get you in a proper dress for the dancing tonight."

Jin-nu seems to be the one at a loss there. She hmphs and says, "If you expect me to dance, you must promise to share a song with me, as well. If you are going to make me step on feet all night, you had better let me have some fun, as well." The act fades when the girl breaks into another fit of laughter at some thought she's not quite brave enough to share.

"Yes. Well," Ramar opens his mouth to say something, then thinks better of it. He just smiles. For now. "What exactly are we supposed to do to prepare for your father's arrival, Gallius? And if there is to be a dance," here he turns to Jin-Nu, "Well you can say you had two left feet. And get away with it."

"Marina has much of it in place. Dace and the entourage are bringing him here already. It's.. hmm." Gallius laughs softly, "You know, being a queen isn't really as hard when you have people around you who know almost everything that is happening in the entire Nation. I select the major goals, listen to reports on how difficult those goals are, and.. well, things happen. The Nation is like an enormous machine. It seems my duty is to be the emotion of it, in a way." She looks out and grins, "And right now I feel the excitement that pulses through the cities. What we said we would do, we have done. Much more is to come. And much of it shall require aid. Feeling alone is not enough, Ramar. Feeling needs those who can make dreams happen." It's clear she's about to ask for something. Something very very big.

Jin-nu raises her eyebrows. "Wow, here it comes. I know that look pretty well." She laughs softly, "I'm glad it's not me she's looking at, anyway. I know I don't want to run a thousand miles with some strange message tied to my back."

"I could say I feel an entirely different sort of excitement pulsing through something that's not a city," says Ramar as he leans against Gallius, "But we've company around and it wouldn't do." He chuckles, and nods to Jin-Nu, "A thousand miles? I think I would go to the ends of Creation and back," he smiles at Gallius as he says this, "For you. But what is it you're going to ask for?"

"I have spoken long and dreamed much of a capital," says Gallius. "But the building would be long and difficult. My thoughts have gone many places as of late, and I finally found in my heart what I most desire." She smiles at Ramar and says, "I promise that I do not ask you to move heaven and earth. I wish for Rathess to be my capital. And I wish it to be moved from its current place to be within my borders." She lets that sink in, then continues, "I have heard much of the power of the Third Circle. I do not have it in my hands, else I would do this myself. I would like you to find out what it would take to achieve this. I have already told Cloudburst to begin researching great spells of myth to see if there are any useful hints in the past. I also believe we must begin a survey of places where the city of Rathess might fit. It has special requirements beyond just space. The Great Machine may prove the most useful in this."

The wylding blinks, her mouth dropping open. She has heard Gallius ask for many things, but this is simply impossible in her mind. Her words betray her thoughts, "Is that.. that can be done? To move a whole city of that size? I thought you said Rathess was once the capital of all Creation. Surely that means it is not much smaller than Nexus."

"An exaggeration, perhaps. It is, as I understand it, a very important city, to those who came before." Ramar continues, his eyes taking on a faraway look as he speaks. "Just the same, I do not know whether this is possible, but if it is, and no great harm will come of it, than I will do so, queen of my heart. Why Rathess?"

"Because I saw it in a dream," says Gallius. "That one day it would be my capital and my home. But the stars were the stars of the north in the dream, and the winds were the winds of the Nation of the Sun, not the scents of the jungles of the south. Ma-Ha-Suchi's territory currently holds that city, but he seems content to leave it slumber. He has opened the south to me, and so I will accept that invitation." She turns her attention to the other point of interest, then. "Rathess was the greatest city of the Dragon Kings that we know of. Practically the only city we know of, but it seems unlikely they would have others that were greater. We know that a great airship was left there, as well. Airships of that kind are beyond even the Terrestrial Exalts to make, as I understand it. That seems to imply that those Dragon Kings had a relationship with Celestials in the past."

Jin-nu listens curiously, finding the stories of interest. "So you think they would wish their city to be moved where they might again have such relationships? I think you might first wish to ask their permission. But I know you said they have become bestial and cruel. At least their city would live again... if that's truly possible."

"Of course. It's possible that they may be restored. As many things can be. Our world... is a world of endless possibilities. We have but to determine these possibilities and act upon them." Ramar considers this, "Then I shall endeavour to discover how it might be done, and the consequences of such an action. Is there anything else you wish to ask for, Gallius?"

"That is the greatest of my desires," says Gallius. "The city shall be one part of it. The Dragon Kings the other. But that half is my duty, and my oath. It seems I am making all sorts of promises that are foolish. Restoring an entire race is simply the most recent." She makes fun of herself, quoting a list of her fool acts, "Let us see.. I swore to save the Abyssals, to restore the Dragon Kings, to release the Deathlords from their bindings.. what else was there? I don't know, I'm sure I'll manage to make some impossibly difficult promise soon enough."

"How many such promises have you fulfilled so far, though?" asks a familiar voice from behind the Solars and the Wyldling. Each turns, beholding a man dressed in the livery of the Bridal Veil guard. The fire of his eyes and the face are familiar, but he seems two arms short. The god of the Solars has come, incognito. "You look down a road and see a far-off landmark and bemoan the distance, but are your feet not still moving?"

Ramar turns and bows respectfully before the Sun, incognito though he may be. He gestures in greeting, then speaks, reverently "You are right of course," he says, voice filled with no small amount of awe. "Perhaps it is because we make such promises that we continue moving down the road, though the distance be great."

Gallius smiles up at her Lord, kneeling before him, "Much has been done, but there will always be more to do, Lord Helios. I merely mock this veil of essence that I am which truly seems to think so much of Creation rests on its shoulders." At her side, Jin-nu gasps, finally realizing who her friend speaks to. The wylding quickly kneels, though she does not speak, wondering rather if she should have left the Solars to speak with their Lord in private.

"Come on, get up, you're embarrassing me," the god remarks with a smile. "In formal situations, formality. If I need shows of respect from you two, I know how to get them." He adjusts the borrowed uniform a bit, gesturing at Jin-nu. "I realize Gallius trusts you. But can I ask for a moment anyway..?"

Jin-nu rises only when Gallius draws her to her feet. She looks wide-eyed at Helios and nods quickly, "Of course my lord! There are some children who are probably eager for a horse ride, anyway!" She rushes off then, secretly hoping that whatever it is Helios has to say, it somehow includes not making her dance tonight.

"No such luck!" calls the god after the departing Jin-nu, then returns his attention to the Solars. "Well then," he continues, rubbing his hands together. "You lot have been busy."

"Yes... we've been very busy." Ramar agrees, "We're uhm, well, you probably already know what it is we've been doing lately..." Curiously he sounds more relaxed now. "What brings you here today, if I might ask, not that I mind or anything?"

"You seem to be on the verge of something grand and important," remarks the Unconquered Sun, sounding more seriously. "You may waver a little bit, and you may doubt yourselves, and that's natural. I won't help you in this, and you must know why by now. But I want to ask you one thing, and especially you, Gallius. Why do you guys listen to me?"

Gallius considers Helios for a moment, then turns to look over her city. She takes a deep breath, then lets it out. There are so many things she wants to say, but she realizes that there is only one reason, and in the end, it is the only thing that matters to her in all that is and ever could be. She reaches out a hand, gesturing to the people busily living under her gaze. Her words are simple, but she feels the truth in them immediately: "For them."

"And why do they listen to you?" the god asks quietly.

"At first, because they were afraid," says Gallius. "We had removed one fear, but we were ourselves to be feared, as well. We are strong, and so much strength in one person has its dangers." The Queen seems unsure of what else to say, though. "Now, I do not truly know. I cannot feel their thoughts. But it seems they are happy. We keep them as safe as we can, but we do not coddle them. The Lunars are not fools, to wish that men should not forget how to live by their own strength." She smiles wryly, "Sometimes I think our job is to even the field, so that men need not face the challenges for which they were not intended."

Helios nods slowly, then regards Ramar. "Same questions," he says.

"Well..." Ramar pauses for a moment, giving this question the consideration it's due. "I... I listen to you because you're worth listening to. Because of who I am, and who I will become. I listen to you because of the dreams and promises that will be fulfilled, and those that won't. I..."

"As for why others should listen to me..." Here Ramar looks troubled. "Well, I'm not sure. I believe they do it because they know I'll help them. I can only hope I'm up to the task of making their lives better. Better for everyone."

"So you can only hope?" asks Helios, sounding a bit doubtful. "So, hmm, with my power, that's all you can do? Only hope?"

"With your power all things are possible. I can do a good deal more than hope, but I do not know for sure how things will turn out in the end. I may well be struck down before I have the chance to make much difference. But, I suppose it's more that I am able to do so." Ramar bows his head, "I mean to say, I can do more than hope. I can make their lives better. I am just not sure if I am doing it the right way."

"Who ever is?" counters the god quietly, in a way that suggests it's a legitimate question rather than a mere rhetorical addition.

"I don't know," replies Ramar. "I would guess you, Luna, and the Maidens, but even then, I don't know." There's a brief pause, "I suppose it's something that bears thinking about. I have been thinking lately of a way to answer this question."

"If that were so, why did the Usurpation happen?" asks Helios with a faint smile. "If we were sure we were doing the right thing, why were we surprised by our own creations' eventual ruin?"

Ramar says, "That's it precisely. I suppose I ought to feel relieved when what I've been thinking falls in with, well, what you are. I, well, I think that if we strive to make sure what we're doing is right, it might not turn out as bad as all that. A balance has to be met though, you don't always have time to decide... but the willingness to do what's right, and to admit that you might be wrong... that seems like a good first step. I think."

"The willingness to do what's right, to keep walking the road, even if you can't see over the horizon?" asks the god.

Ramar nods, "Even if you can't see over the horizon. You just have to keep hoping that you'll be able to see the turns in the road when they're there. But at the same time, we can't stop imagining what lies beyond. It's that balance thing, I think."

The Unconquered Sun smiles. "Then why did you sound doubtful before, if these are things you already know?" he asks.

"I don't think I realized I knew them at the time." Ramar shakes his head and smiles, "Sometimes it feels like I don't realize half the things I know."

The god smiles in that fatherly fashion the Solars can't help but feel is familiar. "Well then," he suggests, "when walking the road, stop and look behind you sometimes." He pauses, glances behind him at the city itself, and returns his attention to the Solars. "Party's starting. Better get going."

"Leaving before the party starts?" murmurs Gallius. "You know the Unconquered Sun is always welcome at all of our festivals." She looks over to Ramar for a moment, than turns back to Helios. "But I suppose there are things to see to. I'm lucky. I only have Marina keeping track of what I am up to, and not all of Heaven."

"Here or elsewhere, I acknowledge your successes. Wherever you are, I am," says the Unconquered Sun with that fatherly smile. Then he snaps a military salute in the Nation fashion, turns, and takes his leave.

Ramar watches as the Unconquered Sun leaves, and smiles, "Farewell," he calls. He turns to Gallius and grins, "I guess it's time to go then. What excuse are you going to use to get Jin-Nu out dancing?"

"Excuse? I don't need an excuse," says Gallius. "I'll just make it an order." She laughs softly and adds, "Besides, she'll look far too lovely in her gown not to dance. Hmm.. that reminds me, I forgot to even tell her that I had taken care of her clothing arrangements for the night." One would guess the wylding won't appreciate such complicated clothes.

"She'll see soon enough." Ramar winks at his Queen, "I hope you'll not mind sharing a dance with me." He turns towards the city gates, "But until such time, we should go. After all, the party can't start properly without us... I would hope."

"I doubt it will," says Gallius. She smooths her hands over her dress and shakes her head, her tail flitting idly behind her. "It's time to see to things, then. I hope you are ready to meet my father, Ramar. You know he has very high expectations." She grins over at him, enjoying a bit of teasing as she makes her way down the tower.

---

Gallius and Ramar barely step into the throne room and Marina is there. One gets a feeling that the woman can appear anywhere in the palace at will, sometimes. She frowns thoughtfully at Gallius, adding jewelry to the Queen's wardrobe with an almost violent speed. Once that is done, it seems she's appeased. Gallius doesn't escape before her maid gives her a full inspection, as well, leaving the queen feeling rather like a pig being checked at market. When she can stand no more, she waves her attendant and her friends away, stepping forward to join Ramar. "It's not very fair, none of them attack you with pearls and diamonds," she murmurs.

"Yes, well consider this. If they put them on me, people would notice how beautiful the gems are. When they put them on you, people will make no comparison, and you will hear how you are more flattering than any of the gems. It's that you can pull it off, and I must make do in my own fashion." Ramar grins. "Besides, with you wearing them nobody would dare attempt to take them."

As Ramar speaks, a minor functionary approaches humbly. He presents a hand-written note to Gallius. "A visitor, lady, but not a guest. He will return at a more convenient time," he explains, then hovers quietly nearby to await any instructions the note may demand.

_I called to ask about your two prisoners of war. I'd like to help you settle up with the Dowager about them. You can expect to be attacked if you don't handle it, as I'm sure you know. Guess I'll come another time. -- signed, Stormclouds at Dusk._

Gallius looks over the note and folds it carefully, putting it away. She considers the messenger for a moment, snorting. "Always someone pestering. I have nothing to say to this. If they wish to bring trouble, they had better be prepared. The Nation of the Sun is becoming very dangerous in that dance. At least now I have justification for dealing with another of these sad lost ones."

"The messenger presented a token of Confederation diplomacy, lady," replies the lackey, his head bowed. Typically, he does not draw conclusions for his superior; he merely brings up relevant facts. Such is the nature of the officials of the Nation. "I will see to this." And so he goes, to make sure that the messenger does not attempt to meddle further.

"So the Mask of Winters is trying to put a frost to us. A pity we're not ready to destroy them all yet," says Gallius. "But this is why even moments of joy are on budgeted time. There simply isn't enough and there is too much to do. Too many weeds that need to be removed from the garden." She tries her best to shake off her annoyance, offering an arm to Ramar once more. "Shall we?"

"Do not worry about it tonight. Not until we've danced. We'll have to deal with this of course, but as I understand it, we have time. At least this once, we have time." Ramar smiles softly, and agrees, "Lead on."

Ramar takes Gallius' arm, and walks with her towards the others. "It may be that we shall have to oust the Mask of Winters, or any related associates from their position in the Confederation. I do not know. We'll have to learn more before we can do too much.

Gallius nods, trying to focus again on the night. The way is not difficult, at least. The airship is to land not far from the palace site. There are some open areas nearby. Areas that were not so open a few months past. Many are gathered to see the visitor arrive, kept in orderly groups by soldiers. Coming behind Gallius and Ramar are numerous people of importance. Mayors, advisors, a few wealthy merchants and two captains in the army, as well, hand-picked by Dace to honor their impressive actions in recent battles. It seems that now everyone needed to greet the King of Roleyn has found their place.

Now that everyone is finally prepared, the airship sweeps in for its landing. It seems that King Calis enjoys making an impression. He is visible before the ship even lands, standing above deck, his tall frame making a striking silhouette against the pale sky. He also departs the ship first, not even waiting for a proper plank or ladder to be put in place. He simply uses one of the lines dangling off the side of the ship, sliding down it as if he had been doing such things his whole life. The man is always eager to show that he's far from frail or soft. Though his beard and hair may be snow white, nothing about him appears weak.

Ramar watches as King Calis departs the airship. He is among the first to make his bow when the king lands at last, and awaits his turn to greet the king of Roleyn. He nods at Gallius, then glances about curiously, letting his senses slip beyond those of mortals... just in case there are unasked for... visitors.

Gallius watches her father with a smile, not sure just what to make of this meeting. Her father leaves little doubt. He steps up and scoops his daughter up and whirls her around before setting her back on her feet. "You know, if we had those when I was younger, I don't think I'd ever have gotten any work done. Halfway across Creation in no time at all." There is a short pause and he speaks more seriously, "It's good to see you, child. The place is so quiet without you running about." He looks around, wondering at the large gathering of people, "All this for me? Did you tell them someone important was coming?"

Gallius laughs at her father, "You are important. Or did you lose Roleyn to one of the Marukani over a drinking game?" She rolls her eyes and then remembers where she is. "Father, may I introduce you to someone who.." She pauses for a moment, trying to find the right word. She finally finds something that will hopefully not cause too much trouble between her father and Ramar. "Someone that I care for very much." She turns to Ramar, then, "Carlis of Roleyn, meet Ramar of the Nation of the Sun. I am hoping you two can avoid playing rough tonight. It wouldn't do if you wound up drinking all night." Carlis smiles quite innocently at his daughter and offers Ramar his hand. "So I just arrive and she's already trying to baby sit me. I imagine since my daughter cares so much for you that she's trying to put you on her apron strings, as well?"

"I believe I'm already tied in her apron strings," replies Ramar as he takes the King's hand. "Though all told, if I were to be tied to someone's strings, I'm quite happy that their hers." He bows his head respectfully, "And I am pleased to meet you."

"Well, you do have to give in to her from time to time," says Carlis. "It's the same with all women, really. Marriage is a matter of finding balance with someone, so that you enjoy making them happy and they enjoy making you happy." He grins as his words bring a rather stunned look to his daughter's face. "Your father was not born last harvest, girl," he says, wagging a finger at her. "Someone you care about, indeed." He looks over Ramar with a critical eye. "So, I suppose you were also.. selected as my daughter was, then? Well, that's a good enough match. All I've ever wanted for her was someone who was her equal. Anything less I won't tolerate, boy. You might be able to move mountains with a hand, but that doesn't prove a thing to me. Strength comes from the spirit, not the fist."

Gallius looks to Ramar, wondering just what he will make of her father. The man's got a will like iron. That much hasn't changed at all, it seems. She asides to Ramar, "Being soft-spoken is not a trait of House Leom."

Ramar smiles at Gallius, "No, I suppose it isn't. But," he nods to Carlis, "I do enjoy making her happy. And you are correct in all your points, I do believe that our spirits are equal." He gives Gallius a delightful smile, "If I may be so immodest as to say so. Ah yes, welcome to the Nation of the Sun."

"It's not a bad bit of work," says Carlis, looking over the city. "They went out of the way so I could have a look about. It's like watching ants up there, though. You have some very busy folk in this land." His eyes are drawn to something, though. He walks behind his daughter, bending down and reaching out to poke at the tail she gained in that rather odd trip to the Wyld. "Hmm, now that's a strange ornament. So the Lioness has her tail, it seems." He laughs, turning to look at Ramar. "A pity, he doesn't seem to have one. It'd give the family lines a more impressive look if the children all had them, too." He thinks on that a moment, "Well, you'll just have to make sure they do. And I expect you to get to work on that as soon as possible, young man. Just cause you have a symbol on your head doesn't mean you can shirk family duties. I expect to have a lap full of grandkids soon. I'm not getting any younger, you know."

Gallius is at first amused at her father's comments about the tail, then laughs softly. She's not entirely sure that she's ready to do as her father so easily suggests, but she's going to at least humor him. "Well, I suppose we could start working on that problem tonight, though I fear I'm going to be seeing some dangerous times soon. I don't know when things will be safe for that kind of a commitment."

"Work work work work work." Ramar deadpans. He even manages to roll his eyes, "But, if you insist, far be it from me to shirk any sort of duties." He manages to not grin for a few seconds, a remarkable achievment to be certain. "As for the dangerous times, you are right. It may be some time before things are safe..."

"Danger's all the more reason to see those responsibilities through," chides the king in a stern voice, but with forgiving eyes. "Now then.." He draws the two together, using one arm apiece, and his voice drops a little lower, and Gallius can sense some of the depths of the man. A father as well as a ruler, he speaks from one voice while sometimes asking questions from elsewhere in his mind. "But I'm sure you have more in mind for this little kingdom of yours than just raising my grandchildren. How much living space do you think they'll have to play in?"

Gallius listens to her father, seemingly slipping into his mode of thinking with ease. "All under sky, I hope. But that will not all be under my eye," says Gallius. "Our children shall perhaps one day stroll from the River of Tears to the Rock River. Of course that leaves much to consider. There are so many paths one might take to journey so far, father." She looks over to Ramar, wondering what he will make of those plans. Such dreams of expansion are not without a great deal of risk.

"This kingdom will grow, I understand that." Ramar nods to Gallius, "But we work to make the world better, safer. Dreams such as this are not without danger, but, perhaps, one day, our children, and the children of those all over Creation, will be able to live in a world where they may walk safely. Where they do not have to fight those whom they cannot fight."

"The dream of the young," muses Calis wistfully, smiling at the pair. "And you and your kin have turned it into more than a dream," he adds with an indicative nod at the finery of the city and the honor guard. "But sometimes the young go ahead and dream further than the old can go. I wonder what dreams are left to the old." By which he means: _what is the role of an old man like me in your dream of rulership?_

Gallius looks at her father curiously, not sure what to make of the question, "I do not think that has changed." She frowns in thought, wondering just what her father is implying, "The people of Roleyn need you. Even in the places that are now part of the Nation those leaders who served the people well are still in power. The laws have changed some, but much has remained the same."

"The people of Creation will always need strong leaders. They will always need good leaders. People to guide them through their troubles." Ramar nods, "You are both, and so the dreams of the old will become greater than before."

"But I will not live forever," murmurs Calis gently, with the simple assurance of a man who has tasted fully of life and was satisfied with what he received. What more needs to be said? The feelings of a man who can see the waning light of mortality, however distantly, cannot easily be expressed. Yet they are universally understood.

"I do not think we shall, either," says Gallius softly. "Are you not feeling well, father? Is something wrong?" Naturally that makes her fret over the man, even though he looks ready to pick up a spear and lead men into battle just as he has done countless times in the past.

"I am well, and nothing is wrong. You worry too much," chuckles Calis. "You're hearing the wisdom of your elder and mistaking it for a complaint. You should be listening, not trying to baby me."

With a satisfied smile the King of Roleyn draws back. "Now come on! Now that you've given me a look at the horse you brought me here to see, let's get on and ride him!" By which he means, now that the important questions have been answered, the pomp and festivities can commence.

The festivities are in a style that Calis will be familiar with. There are few set times for any occurances. Certain things happen whenever is convenient or whenever people make them happen. The doors of the city are kept open until deep into the night, and children for once fall asleep with no adults to scold them into it. Many finer homes have skilled musicians gathered, and so dancing occurs whenever one reaches them. The Queen moves among her people with confidence, though Dace insists on not being far away. He clearly has no intentions of letting anything happen to the Queen and not her father, either.

A good time is still had, and many times Dace finds himself dancing with Jin-nu. There is no stepping on feet, no matter what the girl claimed. If anything, the grace of Jin-nu and Dace stuns many as they prove more than capable of learning the new steps that Gallius is only too happy to show them.

The celebration is not just of dancing and music and food and wine. The sky is periodically lit up with the burst of fireworks, prepared for the celebration by citizens of the Nation. Star flowers burst in the sky, followed by comets of blue, red, and green. Cracklers hiss as they ascend, then erupt in a flash, followed moments later by tremendous booms. And all over the Nation celebrations large and small mimic what happens here, giving almost everyone an opportunity to enjoy the fruits of their labor.

Calis is somewhat intoxicated; he doesn't seem terrifically affected by it as far as judgement is concerned. Gallius is confident he's had occasion to drink heavily and still temper himself before. Even among friends, it seems he does so. "Well now, you've got yourself a rough stallion to tame," he observes. "You know that the Confederation of Rivers has grown a lot more close-knit, just in response to the threat you pose. They're taking you seriously, and as a result they're learning to cooperate again. Use them, Gallius. Even if they don't intend to be, they can be your sword and shield in the East. So can others. I know you well; you prefer the axe to the dagger. But the axe is unwieldy and slow to swing. Right now, you're drawing back. Don't forget your other weapons in the meantime."

"They are thorn in my side," says Gallius softly. "Once my newest truce ends, though, I may use them to break the teeth of the Realm." She frowns thoughtfully, "And it seems that the Confederation's pet Deathlord is eager to draw my attention. It would be far better if someone else would waste their time on him. His kind have no place in the future of this world. Nor those who would support him, but I don't have the weapons ready to send him at last to his end."

"Then harry him," suggests Calis. "The Mask of Winter is a cagey foe. Those men who live in Thorns have attacked Roleyn before - but never the dead. He has promised punishment for all such rogues, as he calls them. There are many in the Confederation who doubt that story. But if the Confederation fears you, they will be your greatest asset."

"So what shall Roleyn do, when it is time for the Nation of the sun to finally sweep to the west to claim much of what was once the Confederation of Rivers?" asks Gallius. "That time shall come. I do not know when, but the day is never as far off as one would originally think. Many forces are in motion now. My mind will not always be drawn to the east."

"Roleyn will acknowledge its ruler," Calis replies softly, smiling. "The proper ruler should of course sit on the throne. The best ruler, rather."

Gallius smiles, "And for now, they shall remain part of the Confederation of Rivers," she says. "Ironic that my own people are part of that organization which even now is deathly afraid of me. I hope at least that my people will not overly commit to any actions against the Realm. Others can waste their strength on that."

Clapping Gallius on the arm, her father smiles brightly. "I have faith in you. However, I will warn you about one thing. I may decide to go on a journey, if any sort of sweeping changes happen around Roleyn. Harn advised me that such things are bad for my liver. So you had better have one of those heirs ready to sit in in case I get sick. Understand?" And with this he bores with his gaze into Gallius' eyes, never looking more serious.

"It will be as you wish, my King," says Gallius formally. "Tonight, then." She smiles suddenly, "I would really like to be married before we have a child. Perhaps you would be willing?" She is speaking to her father, of course. Ramar's willingness is just assumed, at this point. If he's not willing yet, a few drinks would just have to settle him down and make him decide that he's eager to be wed after all.

"Sure. We'll make the arrangements. Suitably lavish, that's right!" declares the King, seemingly letting his drink get the better of him at an appropriate moment. "And if one isn't available, you'll just have to fill in for him - fulfill what you promised, you know."

"Roleyn shall never lack the leadership it deserves," says Gallius softly. "I will always watch over it and care for it as my home, and perhaps one day it shall be again." She lets out a soft sigh, "Once I have settled with the Confederation of Rivers, perhaps."