A soldier of the Harborhead army has requested an audience with Gallius, professing issues with the barbarian horde and praying for relief. Once closeted with the Solar leader, however, the solder's demeanor falls away and a stranger stands there, smiling. "Gallius," he says, conversationally. "The Bronze Faction is calling in its debt. House Sesus - the Chenow branch, to be precise - has arranged for a fleet of triremes, backed up by airships, and carrying troops. They are sailing south and will be arriving within a week's time. Sesus has abandoned its reliance on our advisors; we lack the pull we once had with them, and we cannot expose ourselves further. You must make the fleet turn back."

Gallius considers the soldier for a time, but decides there is little point to ask. If he knows, he is a real messenger and not a false one. It would be difficult to pull such a trick against the Bronze Faction, anyway. "They will be stopped then. The price shall be paid. You can rest assured they will return to their home without seeing battle." The plan in her mind is not new. This was fated to happen from the day she set foot in Greyfalls.

The faux-soldier inclines his head politely. "If you require safe passage to the Blessed Isle itself, we can at least assure you that the Wyld Hunt will not trouble you for the duration of your stay, though if you incite others with your presence, your fate is out of our hands," he says, in a formal tone, and from a hidden pocket withdraws a closed and sealed scroll-case. This he presents, with a humble bow. "This is the signature of the Convention of the Center's representatives, testifying to the matter. The Celestial Bureaucracy will prosecute any breach of good faith. On either side."

"We will need to come there, yes," says Gallius. "It is time to see just what has happened there." She smiles and studies the soldier for a moment as she accepts the case. "We will come with the right people to see the job is completed smoothly. Hopefully this will not cause too many difficulties for anyone."

"Avoiding difficulties has always been our intention, whatever you think of us personally," the Sidereal says, softly, then bows again, and makes to depart.

"I think nothing of you personally," says Gallius. "Because I know nothing of you, personally. What I do know is that you have kept Creation more or less intact to this point. Now it seems that the job is returning to the Solars. We will not fail."

---

Gallius turns her mind to this task, though it troubles her. The weight of the world only grows heavier the more of it she controls. The first order of business is to seek Moutainheart. And to gather her circle to discuss this matter. And to inform Ma-Ha-Suchi that she is going to be altering his plans. That last matter is by far the least pleasant, but it is required.

Gallius calls her friends together and before she's even described well what is going on, they are on their way. Gallius explains the situation to her circle, and again to Mountainheart, making him see the need and the disaster that would befall the Realm counter-attack. Not just for the Realm, but for Creation itself. With the dragon-blooded now aiding her, she returns to speak with Ma-Ha-Suchi. The hardest and most unpleasant part of the task, to be sure. And yet not the most likely to cause her death. That lies ahead. Assuming she survives the meeting with the Lunar.

Ma-Ha-Suchi can be found in the desert sands, meditating quietly in front of a sand-flower. Near him is Sanith, whose bright hair and disposition are at odds with the man she calls father, and whose distinctive tail and knowledge of Gallius' past incarnations connect her to the Solar leader. She toys idly with the hem of the gauzy robe she wears, and is the first to glance up. Ma-Ha-Suchi does nothing to break his relaxed attitude, but he does speak at last. "Your footfalls on the sand identify you, Gallius, and your heartbeat is slightly elevated. You bear the scent of the East on you even now."

"I bring the future of many lives with me, as well," says Gallius. She wastes no time. "I fear that an old vow has bound me to something I did not anticipate, and it delays your plans." She frowns and goes on, "To protect my people in the East, I was sworn to prevent the Realm from sending men to their deaths in relation to it. That favor is now required of me, and my word stands on it. It is a temporary interference, but it shall delay your plan for a time."

The Lunar rises from his meditative pose and opens his eyes. They narrow. "What have you done?" is all he asks, in a low and expectant voice. Sanith says nothing, but her eyes will not meet Gallius or even gaze upon either of the Exalts.

"I have promised the Bronze Faction to stop the Realm from sending ships to deal with Harborhead. They are on their way and I am going to stop them. Without killing them, for now." It clearly irks the Solar. "I did not think it would disrupt your plans. In the end, I will find a way to turn it to our advantage, but it will take a few more months."

A growl erupts from the throat of the hybrid. "Did you think that I enjoyed destroying these sniveling fools' civilized mockery for its own sake?" he demands, angrily. "Did you think I was sating my bloodlust or reassuring my pride that I could conquer one kingdom?" His anger subsides for a moment, or perhaps merely disappears below the surface. "I did not entrust my plans to you. Perhaps you didn't realize what my objective was. Or perhaps you didn't care. But you are no subordinate to me, and I do not command you." And he turns away, facing across the desert.

"I anticipated your anger, but I did not anticipate you to think that a delay would end your plans," says Gallius. She snorts in disdain. "Let us assume that you succeed. That you destroy the Realm as swiftly as you wish. As swiftly as you would, if I did not delay it. What shall you do to hold back the Wyld, then? Your strength and theirs will be reduced to ashes. The two greatest forces that hold back the Wyld will be nothing but a feeble echo of what they were. My people are not ready to take up the slack. I do not care about the conquest of the Realm to any great extent. They are a failing, flicking candlelight in a high wind."

"Our enemies of real strength are not so easily destroyed," says Gallius. "The Wyld waits for us. The Fair Folk are watching, testing the means that hold them back. They know how weak those defenses are. I know they are failing even more with each season. And there are the Deathlords, who may be every bit as powerful as the Fair Folk, and far more aware. Far more capable of finding out how weak we are." She pauses for a moment and adds, "Those are the real concerns. The Realm is.. a minor delay."

"Our people have lived in the Wyld, and near it, long enough to understand it," says Ma-Ha-Suchi, quietly. "The No Moons have prepared. There would be war, and death, but those are necessary prices to pay. Even Raksi, the abomination, works to defeat them." The man-monster shakes his horned head. "What you say is true - these are grave dangers. What you say is also insulting. You know nothing of our preparations, and you misjudge our strength." He turns. "Nevertheless, you spared many of the strong folk who came with me. And likewise I am sure you will spare many of the Realm's soldiers. I will confess, that is something we could not and would not have done."

"Do you really think the Lunars alone are enough to hold the entire world?" asks Gallius softly. "Do you really think that even the Lunars and the Solars are enough?" She shakes her head, "We were made as we were for a reason. We were made by those far wiser than us, with reasons that we do not understand, perhaps, but they do not make without purpose. The Lunars, the Solars, the Sidereals, and yes, even the Dragon-Bloods are needed to stand against what is coming. I have no illusions of my power. I do not do this because I wish to. I do it because I deem it necessary." She can't recall many choices she's made in the last months that have been anything but necessity.

The Lunar turns at last, gazing at his visitor with an unreadable expression. "Sanith, go," he says, and without hesitation his daughter runs for it, sprinting across the sand in evident fear. As she disappears, Ma-Ha-Suchi smiles. "You think you are not ready. You judge yourself by our standards, Gallius, and yet you have amassed an army of your own, friends with power, and allies in Heaven and earth. Less than a year ago, you Exalted. In two years' time, if the Realm fell tomorrow, the Fair Folk would be on us, and you and your kind would be ready. You may not believe it, but I have witnessed enough of the Solars' abilities to believe firmly. The No Moons say two years as well."

"Luna has taught us many things, but when in our great moot the question of her guidance for the Solar Exalted came up, she answered only with this explanation, which I have heard elsewhere also: 'The Unconquered Sun spared nothing in the forging of his invincible host.'"

"Perhaps," says Gallius softly. "But we are still very human," she says simply. "We make mistakes and do not see things we should. This foolishness with the Realm wastes my time, but I will see it through. I will not break my word, even if it is to those I do not trust." She shrugs, "I hope to have a chance to repay this debt to you and your people. I hope to have a chance to repay the usurpers, but I know I need time. I know I do not have the time I need. It changes nothing. I will do what I must, and hope that many survive it."

"Do not return to the South, if you wish to avoid a blood-duel," says the Lunar, quietly. "I will be the last man to hinder you from meeting an obligation of honor. If you wish peace between us after this, honor your agreement and take Sanith with you, and she shall speak for me. I do not wish you as an enemy, any more than you wish the same of me. We will make this right, but not now." And so saying, he turns again, facing away and staring at the desert.

---

The journey to the Blessed Isle is a long and uncomfortable one. Mountainheart, the knight, and Vanda, the former teacher and Immaculate monk, are the only members of the Wyld Hunt to come along. They rest quietly aboard the sky-ship as it wings north, and under their direction, the vessel is piloted through checkpoint after checkpoint. The sturdy knight presents his credentials and authority at every town or guard-post along the way, his intimidating posture easily cowing the guards and bureaucrats. And in time the vessel lands in the waters of a river that passes by Sesus Chenow Bran's ancestral seat.

Three Solars and two Dragon-Blooded disembark. Vanda's name is known to the household - he schooled three of the most prominent monks from the Sesus family to graduate from the Order's training, and personally recommended two of them. He is a welcome face, and it is his name that unlocks the inner doors of Bran's magnificent home. The Dragon-Blooded potentate himself is engaged in unarmed practice in his garden when the five enter, and he turns, smiling as he sees the monk in black. "Welcome, welcome," the middle-aged Dynast enthuses, snapping his fingers to summon the servants with refreshments.

Chi-Yosh steps into the garden, marveling at the sights. Even though the trip through the palaces of fallen dictators the Nation now stands on, even the home of Prowler, can not compare to the home of the Dynasts. Extravagant. Elegant. He can only guess that the First Age Solars were even more accustomed to the trappings around them, and while so beautiful, are so distracting. A mere acknowledging bow to the Dynast, while he accepts the refreshments, letting Gallius lead.

Nodding his greeting, Ramar is silent, for the time being. He keeps his senses alert, ready for the first sign of trouble. He is here to observe, and to offer his aid if it is necessary. He defers to the Dragon-Blooded as they begin their reunion, and he awaits the refreshments. _What a curious place... here on the blessed isle... within the den of the tiger, as it were._

While Mountainheart receives spice-cakes and wine willingly, Vanda declines anything more elaborate than water from the slopes of the Imperial Mountain. After a few minutes of polite conversation between the monk-educator and the Dynast, in which the lives of Bran's children and the family's other scions are discussed, the Immaculate gently guides the discussion toward the matter of the military. With customary patience and precision, the two Dragon-Blooded find themselves slowly easing into the real matter at hand. Vanda hints at the true origin of the three that came with the knight and himself, and Bran beckons for the Solars to draw close and introduce themselves.

Gallius follows the pattern of Vanda, declining all but the water. She is interested mostly in the one they have come to see. She wants to learn all she can of this potential ally.

Finally, Vanda concludes his speech, and retires to listen. Carefully Gallius outlines the dangers the fleet will be in. She describes - in vague enough detail - the disposition and magnitude of the Lunars' forces, and the way in which House Sesus' troops are being led into a disaster. And with every word, the three Solars witness a careful attentiveness on the part of Bran. The Terrestrial is perhaps a hundred and fifty years old, though he looks perhaps forty-five years of age by mortal standards. There is an understanding there, an expression that signals that he comprehends more than the mere strategic import of this message. He has read the truth of it in the voices of his visitors, and he has read something of their hearts as well.

Ramar is silent as Gallius conveys the message, and outlines what she will. All the while, he focuses on the older Dragon-Blood, studying him curiously as he begins to comprehend the message within the message. _This man has seen more than a mortal's lifetime... I can only imagine what that must be like, what he must know, hopefully he knows enough..._ He bows his head respectfully, "I am glad we were able to deliver the mesage, though I am curious as to what will happen next? Perhaps our next meeting, should there be one, will be under fairer circumstances..."

Bran considers the question with a sad smile. "The fleet will hold position," he says at last, glancing at Mountainheart. "You, scion of Cathak's warrior spirit, remember well the saying, 'better to lose a stick than a head'," and the knight nods in agreement. "Therefore the airships will proceed, and verify these claims. I don't think safe harborage in the Varang cities will be possible - 'the fire spreads where it finds fuel'," and to this, Mountainheart nods again.

"If things are found as you describe, and the Tri-Khan does not need the fleet's aid, then it will withdraw. I have no great love for slavery by conquest." Bran shakes his head, taking a careful draught of wine before speaking. "If Harborhead has indeed fallen already, greater effort than I wish to exert would be needed to restore it."

"There's no recalling the wind that has blown over Harborhead," says Gallius softly. "And 'the lion in the high grass is felt before it is seen'. It seems we are not far apart in our thinking." The Lady smiles, curious to find this Dynast use sayings she has heard so often on other lips. "I have heard that many fine poems are written among the great houses.." A curious turn, perhaps, but she has had little time to speak with dragon-bloods.

"We much prefer poetry to war, in this house," replies Bran with a smile and a gesture, indicating the delicately etched characters upon some of the walls. "My second grandchild was a stonemason and a writer of some distinction, before he turned himself to politics. He has done a marvelous effort here.."

Chi-Yosh is at ease. Even in the Blessed Isle, not all of the Dynasts are the lurking monster waiting for the blood of the Anathema. Some are quite willing to aid, a relief. While a relief, it is nothing to become accustomed to. Yet the Circle has made it to the Isle twice now; there may be truth to Gallius's lack of fear towards the Realm.

Gallius nods, looking over some of the verses. "I wish there was time to have a proper copy prepared of some of his work," she says. "I follow the craft, though the spear has taken me away from that truer calling." She makes it clear that the poet is more honorable than the warrior in her tone.

Ramar considers this a moment. He looks from Bran to Gallius, and then speaks, "You know, I think it might be possible. Or at least, an exchange of such art. It may be... difficult to carry out the... exchange, but perhaps this might be done?"

"Well, exchanges are welcome from our side, certainly," says Gallius. "But on this first occasion, it is the part of the guest to offer a gift." She carefully draws out a scroll case. With care she extracts a rolled piece of parchment and offers it to the Dynast. "It is a small thing, perhaps, but it seemed that one such as yourself would appreciate a work of the soul to a mountain of jade. It is written in the sastin form, which originated roughly four hundred years ago in the lands of the Marukani."

"It is the spear that permits the pen to write," observes Bran with a quirky half-smile, as he receives this gift. "But it is every father's dream that if both are necessary, he will wield the spear, while his son holds the pen. It is painful to do both."

---

Confident that business in the South has been attended to, the Solars return to the East. Their flying craft takes them across the high mountains, over lush jungles and richly colorful forests, winding rivers and wide plains. They avoid unwanted attention by avoiding populated areas, as is customary, and make their destination - the Nation of the Sun - in short order. What they find there shocks and surprises them.

The Nation has gone to war. Many of its neighbors have banded together, armed and outfitted by some unknown party, and spurred to attack the nascent federation. Here and there, burned villages can be found; some damage was inflicted, and the survivors mourn for their losses. But by and large, the attack was a failure. Gallius, upon landing, learns that ten new nations have joined the federation, coerced into membership through the aggressive ministers and bureaucrats of the member-nations. With Marina's hand on the tiller, the ship of state has sailed smoothly into deeper waters.

The Solars find another surprise waiting for them. Over fifty Dragon-Bloooded mercenaries, outcastes from a Northern kingdom called Dikerium, have come and fought. They defended the Nation admirably, with a thousand veteran soldiers, and now they have a proposal for the Exalted leadership. Simply put, they want land of their own and authority over it. In return, their swords will continue to be at the service of the Nation. They call themselves "Dragon-Princes", and many of their men exhibit the unique physical traits of God-Blooded inheritance.

Gallius, with a bit of very straight-forward talks with each of the Dragon-Princes, finds a place for them and grants land. As part of the deal, their children are to spend time at the academy, and they must pay taxes and levy troops when required. The rest is left in Marina's skillful hands. This being done, the Queen is free to plan the next move with her circle. And the first, she imagines, will be handling a bit of unfinished business in Defiler's Grave.

Emissaries from Greyfalls have also arrived, and profess official diplomatic neutrality toward the Nation. They also bring a private message from Alcis for the Circle: "All is well in the city. The Realm has friends here, but they are content to profit from the new order." With this announcement, and with knowledge of the considerable magical knowledge available to the city's once-thriving school of sorcery, Chi-Yosh finally begins to put into operation a plan which has been forming for some time.

While the Solars were away, Cloudburst had been quite busy requisitioning the beginnings for the Academy. Many years ago, the cliff-face of Bridal Veil's waterfall had been honeycombed first for mining, and then storage. Warehouses were built before the tunnels themselves. With widening of the tunnels themselves - after assurance from local spirits to reduce chances of collapse - the warehouses and caves would make for a good starting point.

The interiors would be remodeled with several floors, blocked off by paper walls with a variety of information written on them. Each level would open up to expose the center of the ware houses, where, with the engineering of a sky light and proper mirrors, would flood the library on the central floor with ambient light. The tunnels themselves would be suitable as practice chambers, study halls, vaults for the most precious of knowledge, and for those who could not afford their housing within the city of Bridal Veil, dormitories. Meanwhile, the exterior would be renovated with a more pleasing aesthetic, with a layer of stone rather than simple wood. At least, according to the blueprints.

Sitting down with the Scavenger Lord, Chi-Yosh and Davron speak for several hours on the potential workings of the school. The intentions of Chi-Yosh is first to create a place of Eldrich wisdom in the East like that in Greyfalls. Then, one where the Solars may come to learn their power and heritage, safely, Most likely it will begin with mortal sorcerers and scholars seeking information in the beginnings of the library and Codex of the Divine, a database of spirits and adjoining information. They will pay for access to the school's information, as well as be asked to donate something to the school's shelves or Codex. As well, the school will become a place of training for mortal sorcerers and scholars, as well as Exalts and the God-Blooded. Upon Davron's request, the school could also aid Artificers seeking knowledge for crafting magical works. For a price, and commission fee.

Funding, however, will be a problem. Even with commissions and donations from visitors, that will not be enough to satisfy the school's costs. The training sorcerers will be used to commission the minor magical needs upon request: summoning, protection, rites for the dead, and occult advisory. Even so, jade and silver should still come in from the state and various projects from Chi-Yosh himself. Further, costs for teachers will be reduced; while mortal sorcerers and what spare Exalts may offer services to the college, the potential bulk of teaching may be from the spirits themselves, who may request services other than monetary profit for their teachings.

Davron, too, finds a role waiting for him. In light of the growing Abyssal involvement in the Circle's matters, and conscious that the first brush with war that the Nation faced may not be the last, he begins efforts to create occult wards around the major cities of the federation. Against the deathknights, quartz crystals that have caught the sun's light are etched with ancient runes and laid into cunningly-crafted gold settings blessed in the name of the Unconquered Sun and Gaia; against the Fair Folk, iron rings, flash-frozen water from a virgin lake, gate-hinges of alloyed iron and frescoes of geometric patterns. Hungry ghosts and the dead are warded off with intercrossing lines of carefully-wetted salt carved into the grooves of the streets and inside the walls. The Solar relies on his new knowledge of demonology for a fourth class of ward, and the preparations he must make terrify his mortal assistants.

With dire words and lengthy chants, the craftsman begins his first city-sized work. He calls upon the gods of doors, locks, and barriers to seal the cities against hostile forces; his words and prayers reach the Celestial Bureaucracy and the nameless gods of the Abyss, invoking protections. His wavering sing-song calls to the chaos at the heart of the Wyld, sealing each city's walls shut against the capricious, malevolent Fair Folk. His anima banner flares like a god's fire from the high tower where he completes the rituals, and as Essence burns out in torrents from his body, holy words written in fire etch themselves into the air around the walls. Those who look at them go blind for the moment. Their power seeps into the foundations and settles; the seal is done. And the next day, he does it again, moving on to another city in need of protection.

Ramar takes to the skies. On the wings of the Volo he soars, swiftly and tirelessly. As the world whips by underneath him, Ramar swoops and dives, unable and unwilling to resist enjoying his flight as much as is possible. When at last he sets down, he is in Greyfalls. Marina is there, waiting for him. She greets him by way of pointing out the ghastly lack of subtleness in his arrival. "I'm glad to see you as well, Marina."

The morning passes, leading into the noon, and Ramar and Marina walk the streets of Greyfalls. Halvah's influence goes neither unnoticed or unmentioned by Ramar, who rather enjoys the forest-within-city that his Circle has helped to create. The Sorcerous Academy hidden away within the peaceful city beckons, and as the noonday sun is at its brightest, the doors swing open-pulled by two novitiate students who delight in Ramar's supposition that it must have been Magic that opened the doors. The Solar duo is led down the halls of the academy, past rooms of students going about their daily business. From transcribing and translating old texts, to balancing upon a single pedestal jutting up from a pond. More mundane tasks, performed mainly by the newer students, keep the place clean. A wall opens up as the student guides pass by, "The Library is through here. You are welcome to scribe from those tomes you would like."

The Library is an almost unearthly silent room, save for the scratching of pen and brush against paper, or the occasional ruffling of pages. One of Halvah's trees grows prominently in the center of this building, casting shade on the bookshelves and many of the students. It is under its branches that Ramar and Marina begin and end their task. Ancient tomes and more recent manuscripts, books full of research notes, all of these are gathered and sorted neatly... and Marina is a blur of motion and activity, scribing information upon piece after piece of paper. More than once, and without missing a beat, Ramar resupplies her with ink, or a fresh stack of paper, and as the sun sets, the two exit the academy. "The way to Heaven will now open before us. Thank you Marina. Thank you for your aid."

Upon returning, Ramar will share with his Circle-mates the sorcerous research and the Magical knowledge he has gained, with Marina's aid. "There were many interesting theories to be found, and several spells... I am sure we will find at least one of them useful. Especially now that your college is getting under way. At the very least, your shelves will not be quite so bare." Ramar grins and ponders, "So as I have donated something to your shelves... perhaps I can be taught something in return?"

On as uneventful a day as can be had in the Court of the Nation of the Sun, Gallius' regular sitting as judge is disturbed by a most unlikedly messenger. A being of swirling winds is allowed into the chamber, bearing a message of great import to the Nation. One that Davron, for one, will be eager to hear for a variety of reasons.

The wind rasps out its message to the circle, though soon its voice shifts to be one not its own, but to be an echo of another. The voice of Rumika is rather unnerving when coming from a ball of wind, but the message is not. "The book you gave me from Pai Tao contains fragments of the Book of Three Circles. If we can trace it's history, we may find the source of it. We may find the key to our inheritance. The third circle can be ours again. You should seek me swiftly."

Davron raises his head sharply as he hears the all-too-familiar voice... and as the message sinks in, he can only sit back into his chair. "The Book of Three Circles..." he whispers hoarsely. Visions of the First Age pass before his eyes - all that can come to pass again... At length, he speaks, hoarsely. "I will come as soon as I can." He addresses the messenger, his hands trembling. "Where can we find Rumika?"

The wind shudders for a moment, and seems to shift. For a moment, it hesitates, and then there is noise as of something grinding or being torn asunder. From amidst the swirling gusts' center a plate of stone slowly descends to the floor, carved cunningly to guide the way to Rumika's manse.

"Does anyone else know of these fragments? It is possible that we may have more interest than we would like in this matter..." Ramar asks this of the spirit. "What more can you tell us?"

The spirit sits there for a moment, as if considering. When it speaks, the raspy voice is back. "Who knows who knows? We don't know who knows. Ask the right questions." And it just sits there, whistling like a gust.

"So... what spells does the Book of Three Circles contain? What sorts of fragments are contained within Rumika's book" Ramar then falls silent, awaiting answers. His mind races as he ponders what he knows of the book...

It is Davron who answers first. He seems half-lost in dream, as his mind wanders back to an earlier time for the answers. "The Book of Three Circles, in which all magical knowledge was recorded, by the order of the Solar Deliberative... It held spells of the highest Circle. Sorcerers who commanded it could cure regions of drought, turn desert into lush farmland, destroy armies with pestilence or acid, or raise cities overnight. Kingdoms could be made or unmade with its power. It was unchallenged by anything short of the gods themselves. That which was beyond its reach, you see turning in the sky." - by which he refers to the sun, the moon and the stars themselves.

The spirit answers the rest. "Fragments. No Solar magics, but much magical theory. Enough that my mistress could begin her Great Work immediately," its windy whisper replies.

Ramar blinks several times while he assimilates this information. He staggers back into his seat. "All spells ever recorded? This is... a very useful and very dangerous book... we should find it, but we should be very careful."

Davron nods. "It's not so much care of the book itself, as the hands it's currently in. Anyone who holds those books would be powerful indeed... or if they are buried, the defenses would be surpassingly strong. A perilous journey, for a prize beyond value."

And so the Circle has survived it's most recent series of dangerous turns, growing into a higher role far faster than any could have foreseen, save Lord Helios himself. Gallius has begun planning her next great move in deep secrecy. The Nation exists, and the city of Bridal Veil has its magical college, which shall make it a place of great import in the future, but there is no capital, no great academy, no hall of leaders.

Gallius' mind turns to this task with a fervor that normally only comes to her in battle. Or in song. Davron will see the results in a few days. The work of mortal artists is put into every building, and the Dragon Princes are also called upon, though they know not why. In the end, the plans for an enormous citadel and sprawling city are formed. The city of Tashar Narelon, a name pried out of the old realm speech. The name means "The Hold of the Sky Wardens" and the design makes it clear that all exalted will find a place here.