Black Ice Shadow has assembled a faction of Sidereals and has sent messages to the Lunar and Solar contingents. "I have received word from Mai Bo, at war with the First and Forsaken Lion. She reports, along with her allies and those members of House Ledaal she hears from, that six Deathlords are independently sending fleets to Stygia across the Black Sea - the Underworld's Inner Sea."

Leviathan shocks nearly everyone by dispatching a reply as well, addressing it specifically to Egress, Ma-Ha-Suchi, and Davron and his Warstrider corps. "They are ours."

---

Sporadic fighting across the Blessed Isle is enough of a problem, but Black Ice Shadow considers this important - and Leviathan seems to agree with him. The ancient Lunar is terse when the question of the Manse is raised. "Two days," he says. "Don't waste your training."

Others are more than willing to contribute to the effort as well. The Engineer has consulted the old libraries of Heaven, spirited away from Meru and other sources prior to the Usurpation, and has his own reply. He comes in person, rushing into the meeting room of Ranapura, his arms laden with Hearthstones. "Warstriders! Volos! The incantation! They can lift!" he gasps out.

What he has found is the proper command to give a volo, empowering it to lift a warstrider with a powerful enough Hearthstone socketed. Davron's soldiers - alone, and in combination - can take to the air.

The stench of death hovers over the Field of Four Rivers, twenty miles from a minor Mnemon stronghold. Normally, Ranapura would already be sowing this battleground with lifeweed. But this evening, there is a different plan. Sun is already setting as the Colossus team takes the field, with Egress and Ma-Ha-Suchi alongside, already in joined war-form. Around the perimeter, a force far larger than the one that had claimed the day this morning is gathered, a No Moon sorcerer resplendent in his tattooed glory at the head.

Already Davron feels his breath going short - the necrotic Essence that pushes this land into the Underworld also cuts off the normal flow of living Essence. "We'll break through as fast as we can," calls Davron, his voice amplified by the strider. "Hold them off until we're clear, and then shut it immediately." With that, the volo clasped to his shoulders begins to glow, and lambent wings of Essence unfurl behind him - as well as the rest of the unit's striders. "We wait for sunset."

As the Unconquered Sun's last rays fade from the horizon, and the border of the nascent Shadowland gives way to the Underworld, the army of the living seems to be _replaced_ by a force of zombie soldiers and war ghosts. The sight would set most ordinary mortals to flight, but those who have faced the armies of the Deathlords before know that this is but a fraction of the dead army. The forces of the Deliberative may not have sheer numbers on their side, but on this day they have an overwhelming advantage: they knew in advance where this skirmish would take place, and on this ground they have brought their power to a point.

Zombies scatter like chaff, spine-chains splinter, black iron siege engines are tossed aside, as Ascendance - the combined war-form of Egress and Ma-Ha-Suchi - plunges through the front lines as if they were not there; a wedge of multihued warstriders falls in behind, opening the gap in the lines still further. The undead army offers some token resistance, but when it becomes clear that the apparent defense forces of the living don't appear to be interested in holding the ground, the ghostly commanders focus on the main objective: establishing a beachhead in the new shadowland.

As the zombies begin digging into the blood-soaked ground to provide a foundation for the Deathlords' latest stronghold, though, there is a rippling, a wave of living Essence that sickens the denizens of Death. "No!" calls the detachment's Daybreak commander, Wings of the Raiton - though he cannot see the No Moon sorcerer, he can feel the grip of death upon the shadowland weaken. "Desecrate this land! Now!" he calls out, and his necromancers spread out, drawing sacrificial blades and chanting the dark laments intended to strengthen the shadowland.

But it is too little, too late. The spell Ramar won at such great cost is a most potent and efficient invocation for eradicating a shadowland, and without necromancy intended specifically to counteract the spell - which does not yet exist, for the Deathlords were not aware of the need for it - there is nothing a single Deathknight and his lesser brethren can do to stop it.

With a blink of an eye, the dismayed Abyssal finds himself pulled into the land of the living, with only himself and the handful of zombies who had already crossed over - surrounded on all sides by thirty times their number in hardened Deliberative soldiers and their Exalted commanders. They do not last long.

---

The inland sea of the Underworld is dead - truly dead, like all things in this dark realm. Nothing breaks the utter stillness of the gray water except the quiet wakes of Deathlord navy vessels - a handful of great black warships of more conventional wood and iron, escorting a flotilla of bizarre pelagic monstrosities, the graying flesh of their backs peeling away to reveal the hosts of war-zombies concealed within.

The silence is truly eerie. There are no cries of sailors at sea, no sound of waves crashing against hulls, no creak of lumber. Just the gentle sighing of the ghost of a wind, the quiet plash of zombie-manned oars on water, and the scarcely audible moans of torment occasionally uttered by the soulless wretches, quickly hushed by the lifeless air.

And then... a tremendous crash, as one of the decayed sea-beasts explodes in a shower of bone and greenish-graying gobbets of flesh, the zombie soldiers flying in all directions like any number of rag dolls. From the stinking mist rises the form of an enormous blue whale, its vitality in sharp contrast to the undead creatures floating around it. As the whale breaches the waves, it begins to _change_ - its form rippling, shrinking, ponderous limbs wriggling forth, its great snout narrowing, stretching...

It is an elephant that lands upon the next deadship - no, a lord of elephants, bearing six tusks each as wide around as a man is tall, its ears as big as a man'o'war's sails, its trunk capable of ripping redwoods up by the roots - or, in this case, tearing the ribs from the dead sea-monster's spine as it walks along the vessel's length. Zombies pour up from every crevice, but a sweep of Leviathan's leg - incredibly agile and dextrous for a creature of his bulk - shakes off a dozen clinging zombies with the greatest of ease, and the casual swish of his tail dislodges any that try to climb his back.

---

The beachhead is of no relevance to the great form of Solar and Lunar. That one is here to hunt, to kill, to avenge. The form that in this time has become more concious, more aware of itself. It is Ascendance, and in its gathering power it holds the strength to overcome anything that is arrayed against it. It rises into the air and begins its hunt. The instinct of the Lunar grows strong, and the diamond hard purpose of the Solar guides it.

In a sea of inky, rotten blackness, the coming of decaying, yellow ships can be seen from afar, for the eyes of the being that is Ma-Ha-Suchi and Egress are keen, indeed. Their dual conciousness is crystalized into something that is at the same time both of them, and neither of them. The purpose is clear to this being, however. There are ships and those who lead them will be annihilated. They come from many ways. This seems to float in the back of its mind. This information it knows, and it begins to the south.

For a moment, the raw speed of this new form stuns Egress, but soon it is as if there was never any other way to be. The power of this merger of Chosen only grows as it becomes more familiar with itself. This power is not merely in physical strength, but in other areas, as well. The seas of this damned world are active, if not alive, yet even their darkness can hide nothing from the vision of Lunar and Solar. It is under their depths that the being Ascedence begins its attack, for nothing will bar it from exerting its will.

Beneath the dark sea a ship moves like a maggot rushing through flesh, it is making good speed, but clearly thinking nothing of defense. The Underworld seems an impenetrable fortress to the less cautious lieutenants of the Deathlords. For a very long time that may have seemed true. When the first blow of Ascendence shatters the hull of the warship, at least one would be hero of the dark learns swiftly her mistake. There is no quarter, no terms, no negotiation. The ship is shattered, and when its lone, stunned captain rises it is only to feel a collosal maw take her by the waist and with a soft squelching, rip her in two. The battle against the southern fleets has begun.

It is only the beginning, however. The beastial form of Ascendance moves with purpose. It has tasted the blood of the Underworld, and it hungers for more. Vengeance is what it craves above all else. The first southern fleet pays dearly for the crimes of its masters. There are some twenty ships here, but not all of them draw the interest of Ascendance. The great beast watches, swinging wide to stalk its prey from behind. Carefully does it plan its attack, but once the planning is ready, there is nothing slow about it.

The great flagship sails in the very midst of the fleet, and its power is obvious. It is upon that ship that Ascendance's hate falls first. The beast plunges once more into the filth of the sea and draws from it a great serpent, tearing its throat out and dragging its writhing carcass high above. With a surge of power this body is cast down on the enemy, and the mast of its flagship is withered, it's decks smashed, and those minding the helm crushed.

There is no time given for reaction. Ascendance strikes not at the flag ship, but at a ship near it, slamming full force through its deck and into the hold. There three Abyssal lords are just gathering themselves for battle. These are no easy prey, all high in the councils of the First and Forsaken Lion, but they do not face anything they are familiar with. To their blackened eyes Ascendance appears as the wrath of the Divine given form, and the hateful brilliance that even now billows around it steals their very power to resist.

The surging light comes first upon a mountain of soul steel and rotting sinew that is Blackblade Turning. The Abyssal is not ready to face what is up against it. The first blow is stopped in a glow of white metal, but the next is enfused with the hateful light of the Sun itself and it punches through armor and flesh. With a growl Ascendance turns its blinding sight to the remaining foes, twisting its talon inside Blackblade Turning and with a sickening crunch ripping out his spine. Ascendance speaks in a voice that is both male and female, the two sounds harmonizing, "Death you have sought, and now Death finds you." In a few seconds, there are no Abyssals alive on the ship, and bereft of their power, the vessel begins to sink.

Still, even a wreck is a weapon, and in the hands of Ascendance, a powerful one. The form of the beast drives the ship under the waves, moving it into the path of another of the fleet. So swiftly is this skillful fleet of the Deathlords left in an uproar, and still its leader is unaware of what he faces. His grim visage glares out at the darkened sea, and his orders are shouted with hate, but his slaves are reeling.

When Ascendance rises next, it is through the hull of a ship, smashing from the sea upward. By now, there are no Abyssals unprepared, but on this ship there is nothing but a nemessary. SUch a foe is barely noticed by the great merging of Solar and Lunar, and is slammed through the deck with a growl. The ships around this crippled vessel begin to fire, heedless of the damage they do, they blast away at their own ship, their fire nothing to the might of Ascendance, but it tears the ship apart. It matters not.

The creature now flies, and its power carries it to the only foe worthy of its attention. In an arc of silver gold light the distance between dead vessel and flagship is breached, and Ascendance is turning all its will to the leader of this fleet and his servants. Five Abyssals are arrayed against the dreaded light of the Celestials. Soon they learn the mistake of careless strikes. The first attacker swings a mighty hammer at the towering form of Ascendance only to have the handle caught. The grasp of the Abyssal is enchanted by his gauntlets of Soulsteel, so that he might never lose his grip. That power is tested, and holds true even against the might of Ascendance. The Abyssals arms, however, are torn out from their very sockets by the power of Ascendance. They have no such protection.

Those that remain do their best to seek out weaknesses in their foe. They support their leader, using feints and cautious attacks to try to exhaust the essence of their foe and leave openings for their master. He does little better than they do.

For all his wrath, he can find no gap in the defense of Ascendance, and even when he calls upon his most potent attack, the Damning Orgy of Bloody Slashes, he does no lasting damage to his foe. The power of his strike causes the might flagship itself to groan, and the sound of the keel cracking is clearly heard.

Finally Ascendance puts forth more of its power, slamming a deathknight across the hold and into the arcane workings of one of his allies. The spell is misfired, and in its unguided surging the two are turned into what appears to be a fell, bulging fleshsack of some sort. The thing distends, stretching and finally bursting like a blister, pus and filth exuding from it.

The greatest of the Abyssals falls last of his servants. Once he was called Cold Iron, but for decades none have called him anything but Admiral. His death is swift when it comes. The fists of Ascendance are somehow both parried with one blade, but the great beasts tusks tear through the flesh of the Abyssal's neck, nearly severing his head.

Cold Iron is spared in one sense. He need not report to his Lord of the utter loss of not one, but both soutern fleets.

The southern and norther fleets are wiped out, but not before hasty, vague warnings can be sent to the greater, Eastern fleets. The nature of the Deathlords is still strong, and it again cripples them. Even their slaves cannot work together, and so it is that Leviathan and Ascendance can tear them to shreds one by one.

Ships are not picked off one at a time. Leviathan is the greatest Naval tactician to have ever lived, and Egress knows the ways of the Abyssals enough to give him a perfect plan. He uses the raw terror of his presence to drive a whole fleet into mad panic, driving them into the fleeing vessels of a fleet that Ascendance harries relentlessly. Ship smash into each other, and Abyssals in their madness slay each other, trusting none who serve other lords.

In this chaos, it is not a battle, but a slaughter. Leviathan and Ascendance are wise enough to stay back, letting their enemies do much of the work for them, and making certain that no ships escape the ring of devastation. Soon nearly all the ships are sinking or burning, and the last living Abyssals are easily found and destroyed.

The last fleet on the sea tries desperately to hide beneath the waves, half its ships diving. But against the power of the Great Whale and Ascendance, there is no safety above nor below the waters. With the death of the last Abyssal of the fleet, a message is sent to the First and Forsaken Lion. It is a challenge. The taunting words of Ascendance perhaps shall spark the weakly-veiled rage of the Deathlord, and force him to step forth from his Shadowlands of the south for a final combat. "Come forth, lord of maggots, and face my light. I shall meet you at your doorstep, and I will burn away your forsaken flesh. Rise, coward. Rise and face me, if you still remember how to fight."

Such a challenge cannot be ignored. Around the flying forms of Ascendance and Leviathan a voice booms out, "COME!" Where is quickly apparent. A darker patch of sky is formed with a tear, and from it a greenish light glows. The Deathlords have a power over this world that rivals any sorcery of the Solars. Through this darkness goes Ascendance and Leviathan. One to challenge, and one to stand as witness.

What lies beyond that gate is a tormented plane of broken earth and tortured plants. Cutting across the landscape are deep fissures and cracks that glow with a pale, sickly light. Yet for all this horror, it is nothing compared to the behemoth that stands in its midst.

First and Forsaken Lion appears as a living tower of Soul Steel with eyes that glow like white iron and a maw that is crowned by horrible tusks. Ascendance has found itself a foe that is every bit a match for its power and more. The Deathlord stands motionless but for the flickering of his eyes, waiting for the battle to begin.

Leviathan stands aside. This is not his duel to fight. He surveys the enemy with a sneer. To Ascendance the Lunar has only one piece of advice. "Destroy him."

As soon as Ascendance steps near, the battle begins. There is nothing but cold, calculated hate in this duel, and no thought of stopping before the kill. From the very first, the power of the Deathlord is clear. His every attack is enhanced by a nearly endless flow of essence, and the infernal flowing of his deathly banner drains away the power of Ascendance with every touch.

The first blow-a miss-is delivered with such force that Ascendance is knocked aside and the the essence fueled power of tears a rent in the land that goes for a hundred paces. Even as this mighty strike lands, another is coming, this one from behind. Ascendance is bloodied by it, but the greater power of it is avoided. First and Forsaken Lion is far more than his Abyssal servants.

While reeling from the first strikes, Ascendance faces the power of its attacker once more, but this time the beast is ready. Like a striking serpent it answers the blow of its enemy, twisting the power of the strike against First and Forsaken Lion and driving him back. The beast charges, and relentlessly assaults the foe, slamming at its form in a blinding flurry and with a last, bone crushing slam of it hooves to the chest of First and Forsaken Lion, Ascendance is launched out of the reach of its foe.

The first pass being inconclusive, the Deathlord moves in for the kill. Essence rages about the combatants, and again First and Forsaken Lion draws blood, and again Ascendance responds. The beast slams the Deathlord to the ground, its powerful legs on either side of the fallen shape, talons digging into the hated flesh of its enemy. The creature shoots skyward, whipping up into a loop in the sky, and with a collosal kick of both legs casts First and Forsaken back to the earth, the force of the impact leaving a vast crater.

The Darkness's ultimate warrior raises Varan's Ruin and uses it to support himself as he rises. He looks outward, and through the helm the fused Exalts can feel the palpable venom of his gaze. Then his gaze falls on Leviathan.

---

Egress' soul is already joined to another's by the bridge of the Conjunction Asana and the sympathetic shapeshifting of Ma-Ha-Suchi's Beast-God magic. Now she feels another bridge forming. Through the Lion's eyes, she looks.

The desolate terrain fades away. What she sees is a blonde-haired young man in Leviathan's place, looking up with an expression of terror in his eyes at what must be the Lion. She watches 'herself' extend a hand, clapping it on the youth's shoulder. She knows she is shaking 'her' head, and watches the young man's expression soften. She recognizes the human features of Leviathan in the stripling's face, watches as a Lunar Caste Mark flickers to life on his brow, watches the glow of one appear on 'her' own as well.

Whatever ancient confrontation or struggle happened, the Lion's former self soothed Leviathan. Egress can feel it.

The sensation falls away, as the First and Forsaken Lion - and through him, Egress - becomes aware of something else. A young man, with similar courage, crawling through the utter blackness of Oblivion on a spider's thread no thicker than his own hair. The maelstrom of emptiness buffets him on all sides, but a determined expression is clearly writ on his features.

There are whispers. Are these the Neverborn? Are they warning the Lion that his doom lies elsewhere? Egress can barely discern the voices.

---

With these visions, with the sight of another, the sense of another making war, Ascendance becomes aware of the change in the foe. There is only one choice. TO charge. The attack that explodes from the mixture of Solar and Lunar causes the ground to groan and rolls over the First and Forsaken Lion. The Deathlord flies from the foe, dishonoring himself, drawn against what remains of his nature by the bonds of something stronger still. There can be no pursuit, as the Lion soon vanishes through another portal, and one through which Ascendance does not go, called back by the voice of Leviathan. "The duel shall continue another day!" he booms out.

---

The Thousand has never been a pleasant place. Now, girded for war, it is a place of constant danger - if not from the brooding keep's master, then from the crazed war-ghosts being corralled by ghost-handliners and the other unliving weapons of war the Lion has readied.

In his throne room, the hollow-voiced Deathlord speaks. The Princess Magnificent listens.

"My masters have spoken to me," he rumbles. "They have shown me a threat. I do not understand it. Nor do I have time to chase after riddles. But they have shown me someone braving the Maw of Oblivion." He regards his slave warily. "Tend to this, and you shall gain some measure of freedom back. I would not wish to deny the wishes of my masters .. a second time."

The Princess Magnificent bows low, genuflecting in a complete surrender of pride and position. "Yes, master," she whispers. "I will seek him out in the Maw of Oblivion. His skull will be my proof to you."

The Lion nods, then pauses. Something stirs in him, and he turns to regard his fellow Deathlord. He prepares to speak, feeling for a moment the need to act on a nagging doubt. The Princess, seemingly all unaware of his thoughts, gives a smile precisely calculated to assuage doubt, to reassure. The moment passes. The Lion shrugs it off. "If he is not fed to Oblivion, you shall be," he grates. "Leave me."

Bowing again, the Princess takes her leave, a smile playing over her lips.