With the departure of Gallius for the Blessed Isle, and Ramar for the North to seek ever-ice crystals for the gates he wishes to build, Chi-Yosh, Davron, Marina, and Yana are left with the business of managing a growing federation. A representative of the Guild has come, seeking audience, and with him he brings two things. First, the head of the merchant-prince whose ill-fated attack earlier in the year allowed the Nation to double its size in the conquest of those neighbors the man exhorted to attack it. Second, a set of scrolls and books that outline the margin of profitability for peaceful trade. The Guildsman who funded the attack made a bad economic decision, this emissary explains, and he offers the gruesome trophy as evidence of Guild policy on the matter.

Three days later, the relative peace of the Nation is again broken. A Lookshy air-transport flashes a signal to the watchmen of the palace wherein the Solars are reviewing the day's documents, requesting an immediate clearance to land. Rushing out onto the palace roof and into the blowing wind of the thing's engines, Chi-Yosh and Davron are the first to see a grizzled old veteran in jade armor leap four yards from the open hatch of the craft to the stone roof. "Emergency!" he shouts, over the blustery output of the airship. "Behemoth attack, in the East. A day before it reaches a major town! We call upon you to aid us!"

Chi-Yosh's feet remain riveted to the roof at the sight of the Air ship, and for just a moment he forgets it is Lookshy and not flying under the flag of their many enemies. But he recognizes the signs, and is relaxed before muscles tense at the news brought by the jade-made grasshopper of a man. The Behemoths are great things, cast aside by the primordial make of the world, unique and a moving avalanche of legend. "We will give you our aid!" Calls the Dawn. For if no one else, it is their place to help the East. And _Pride of the Nation_, the Strider repaired by Davron, has yet to have its' might tested in true battle.

"Damnation! And I've hardly even begun on the strider bow!" mutters Davron to himself. Aloud, he addresses the emissary of Lookshy: "We will give what aid we can, sir. _Pride of the Nation_ will ride to battle, piloted by my companion Chi-Yosh. And I will come as well, with whatever skills I can bring to bear."

With haste, the Solars begin preparations to unlimber the great Strider. The Lookshy airship is only one of several, and in total the air fleet carries four Warstriders with room for one more. It also carries several pilots, a small selection of weapons to scale for the great machines, and a cadre of mechanics and savants. The war machine awaits the receiving embrace of an airship's clockwork loading-arms, and the Solars climb aboard the flagship of the little fleet. It and its sister-vessels ascend into cloudy skies, steering a course across the green swaths of the East.

---

The pilots are all crammed aboard the lead ship. The smell of burning wood, oil and sulfur mixes together, coating all that move about in the vessel in a fine film of grime. The airship is not the light, spritely thing of the First Age; its engines are supplemented by cruder, but no less effective steam-power that helps propel the craft through the air. Such compromises of elegance and effectiveness are common in the Age of Sorrows. To keep its fleet of airships, Lookshy was forced to sacrifice the beauty of them.

Six pilots have come along; a squad of four, and two alternates in the likely event of injury to one. And as the Solars grow accustomed to the berths that will be their home for the long hours of the journey ahead, they learn more about those traveling with them.

Chi-Yosh stands off to the edge in the cramped compartment. While Davron has been teaching him about strider maintenance, his novice skill would only slow down the final adjustments here and there. Making note to ask questions of the more experienced men on the return trip, the Solar regards his strider's weapon on loan. The mace is gleaming steel, the handle engraved in homage to the spirits of War, Luck and Protection. The head has been molded into the likeness of snarling dragons, intricate and beautiful, yet their inlaid jade eyes glare out to promise destruction before their wake. As the others begin to talk less of their vehicles and more of themselves, Chi-Yosh's attention filters back to the pilots around him.

Three of the pilots are gathered around a woman who would be beautiful as a mortal, but is no more than average as a dragon blood. A long-faded scar glides its way down the left side of her face, the effects it had on her eye concealed by a patch with a design of flames dancing on it. "Three!?" one of the younger pilots sputters. "Hah!" barks another, holding out a hand that is soon passed the balance of a wager. "Three behemoths," says the woman flatly. Ireona frowns at the younger pilots and waves a hand, "Enough. You may die soon. Quit acting foolish in front of our guests." Her gaze shifts then to study the Solars and her lips press into a tight line.

Ever since coming abord, Davron's craftsman's eye has been taking in the modifications to the airship around them, observing with mingled satisfaction and sadness the mingling of old with new, and instinctively looking for ways to improve the process. The Solar-smith emerges from his reverie at the upraised voices, and he offers a respectful bow. "Greetings," he says, and addresses Ireona. "We heard only of one behemoth. Do we know so little about the threat facing all our lands?"

Ireona arches an eyebrow as Davron moves foward. She returns his bow and considers him for a moment before speaking. "There is only one behemoth," she says flatly. "They didn't ask about that. They wanted to know why I knew how to fight them." There's a brief pause and she adds abruptly, "Ireona is what they call me."

Chi-Yosh mirrors his Circle mate's bow, remaining quiet for now. Were he less tactful, he would have noted the threat of death ahead may be the best time to act foolish, but now is not the time, nor the tone. "I am known as Chi-Yosh, and my Circle Mate here is Davron. It is a pleasure to serve alongside a most experienced pilot and warrior."

The commander of the expedition comes back through the narrow corridor; the soldiers of Lookshy come to attention immediately. "I understand there is an archer among you," he says, eyeing Chi-Yosh and Davron, to which the latter nods in reply. "Good. Ishka, step out. You're reserve #1. Davron, I want you to pilot _Flame of Chikhim_."

Davron bows. "Understood, and thank you," he says simply.

Just as Ishka starts to take on a disappointed look Ireona growls, "Lucky bastard, you probably won't die today." The words force the pilot to take on a much more sober expression, and the mood infects the others quickly. "Just remember, you stick to the plan, none of us die. You try to win the battle on your own, nobody will return to have children. You managed to get out alive when you screw up, I'll make sure you get appointed to polish the striders for the rest of your lives."

---

"We're coming up on the target zone," announces the commander over the brass tubes that serve as an intercom. "Engage your striders." Pilots rush to act; Ireona and her crew, Davron into the Lookshy machine, and Chi-Yosh into the enormous king of battle-machines. The striders are clamped into place using powerful arms, and face down; bay doors in the bellies of the airships open beneath them, and the rushing wind whips through the hangars. As Chi-Yosh straps himself into the enormous suit, he can see a distorted green streak below: trees. "Mission phase 1," comes the commander's voice, straining to be heard over the sound of wind.

Cannon, both Essence-projecting devices and more prosaic guns firing black powder shells, are mounted facing downward in the hulls of the airships. And as they streak over a large lake area, the hangars are filled with the reverberations of thunder as the weapons begin to discharge themselves. Below, a moving shape can be discerned, sunlight glinting off the water around it and blinding the eye. Explosions follow splashes almost immediately; the center of the lake is engulfed in a firestorm. The commander's voice drones over the intercom as the airships circle; "Target engaged. Strider pilots, deployment in ninety seconds." The pilots can feel their animas resonating with the magnificent machines; their lives touch those of their steel steeds and fuse.

At the sight of the beast, Davron intones, as if with a voice long forgotten, "Cademius, the Dragon in Motion, fated to die when it sees the Inner Sea at last." He sighs in resignation. "We cannot allow it to go so far unmolested. Let us rewrite the behemoth's fate here and now!"

One by one the airships draw near the cliffs near the lake, and the loading-arms release the striders. They crash to the ground, sending cracks and fissures into the protesting stone of the cliffs. Five hundred feet below, the fertile plains of the East stretch out. To the west of the cliffs is the lake, and the creature. And overhead, the airships rise again into the heavens, firing their cannon relentlessly.

Over the top of the hill, a shadow passes over the Strider pilots. For two heartbeats it persists. Then the sun returns to its former glory. Looking up, they can see what has cast it. A creature, a score of yards in length, with an enormous head whose irregular shape suggests a stone carven of flesh. The monstrous thing flies on wings of scaly skin; its body seems to be a jelly, and inside, internal organs visibly pulsate and quiver. Its crystal bones and glowing blue blood catch the light, sparkling as it crashes into the side of one of the cliffs. Three trees are thrown into the air with the violence of the collision, and the scaly wings begin to withdraw - they are in fact the beast's skin, flowing like water back over its body to cover it. Its twin legs are joined by two more limbs, clawed arms that extend through the skin, out of the gelatinous body.

Ireona wastes no time on formalities. Making detailed plans against an unknown behemoth is as effective as trying to stop a flood by taking a drink of water. The agile fire aspect storms across the distance towards the target, leaving a trail of fire that the wind catches and feeds. A large boulder on the path is used as a way to generate even more force for the attack and Ireona kicks off it, leaping directly above the wylding and stabbing down towards its hated flesh.

The great bulk of the Behemoth is as nimble as a Haslanti barbarian on ice; nevertheless, that ice is nearly burned by the fire of the swing, and Ireona can perceive the hard shell of the creature. It is rigidly armored, but she remembers the sights of before - when it takes wing, that defense may be lost to it.

Chi-Yosh wastes only moments watching Ireona's results before he is dashing towards a tree thrusting up from the cliff's surface. Fire leads behind him, and scorches up the bark of the tree as _Pride of the Nation_ takes a small leap, feet bracing against the tree's middle. The great trunk shrieks in protest, yet its' bend lasts long enough for the great strider to, with the vest of essence, launch forth towards the amorphous draconan, leaving a scorched and sundered tree in its' wake. The strider streaks towards the beast, fire and Essence like a comet's tail behind it. As Chi-Yosh draws close, the mace is brought at a shoulder's level, wound tight, before swung as he passes by the great Cademius's bulk, all the weight of the strider put behind his strike.

Eschewing the pell-mell charge of his companions Davron's gleaming war machine climbs atop a small promontory near his landing point, and kneels into firing posture. Even from this distance, he can see from that his companion's assaults that the monstrosity is heavily armored. So, the tree-trunk arrow he draws across the Lookshy bow is tipped with naught but a sharp point, and as he lets the arrow fly, he channels his Solar might into its passage.

Cademius thrashes about, casting its body from side to side to evade the slings and arrows of its attackers. It lets out a screech that shakes the trees and uproots small rocks, reaching up to claw at an arrow embedded in its flank.

The two remaining Legionnaires take action; one sprints forward, kicking aside small bushes and breaking tree-branches in his passage, his strider burning with Essence as he invokes magic, while the other leaps down over the cliff-side, moving to block off Cademius from escaping its attackers in that direction.

Having gained some measure of her foe, Ireona charges even as it reels away, her sword reaching out at its foe greedily, stabbing up towards an eye even as the dragon blood leaps at it once more.

The flesh of Cademius ripples and shifts, ejecting the painful arrow at last, and from gashes and rents, glowing blood pours out into the ground. It shudders as the Terrestrial completes her attack, rolling over the side of the cliff and landing in a cloud of dust and leaves on the next plateau down.

Cademius roars as it leaps from the cliff below, deadly talons swinging at the great Strider Chi-Yosh wears. The Solar brings his defenses to bear, feeling the heat of the beast's power; his strider's feet skid across dirt and soil, leaving a ten-foot furrow in the ground. Another claw comes in, whistling a high-pitched song of Death, and at the last moment Ireona throws herself in the path of the attack, seeking to deflect it. The claw catches her, sending her machine and herself flying backward to slam against the cliff wall behind. Rocks tumble down on either side as her machine falls into a crouch; behind her, fissures radiate away from the stone she split by her impact.

Davron grits his teeth inside the sweltering jade bulk as the monster sends Ireona's machine flying. "Mind your eyes!" he calls, wondering if any will hear him as he channels Essence into a second arrow - this time not to guide its path, but to lend deadly power to the strike itself. Glimmering streamers wrap around the bulk, and for a moment the arrow's glow competes with the Unconquered Sun itself, casting whirling shadows upon the battlefield as it seeks to bury its intense energies in Cademius' flesh.

Rather than ducking to let the inferno arrow make it's mark, the Royal Strider charges in the projectile's wake. Before the rippling mass can rebound, the eruption of Essence radiates from _Pride of the Nation_ just before it is ontop of the behemoth. Meeting the beast with a crash of sparks that send a glow through the gleaming innards of the beast, the mace raps it once, twice across one great pillar of a leg, before the strider backs up and simply leaps into the air, to come down swinging across the back, and once landing with sundered ground underfoot, an overhead crash into Cademius's hind leg.

While his targets were intended for the body and the legs, the sheer power of the Dawn's strikes were not anticipated. The mace shatters armor plating once, the Strider moving in to follow with the second strike and shattering the creature's clawed arm that gets in the way. Torrents of florescent blood bathe the strider. Pain and anguish make for rage, a strike of retribution and reflex sends Cademius's maw lashing down upon the strider. The upper-cut intended to dislocate a leg from the shoulder instead sunders jaw that would consume _Pride of the Nation_, and nearly turning the behemoth on its' side. Its' fleshy, translucent flank thusly exposed, the mace befalls it upon the Strider's downward plunge, driving armor plating into the jellied mass and rending organs. Great claws rake the earth, tearing cracks down into the cliff's roots. No sound of pain, for the very wind and near life has been knocked from the Dragon of Motion, and for the first time in ages, Cademius is still.

And at last, the stolid rock face of the cliffs has taken what it could bear, and more. The cracking sound of the hillside heralds the gentle slide of the body of the dragon-Behemoth as it begins to tumble over. It lands, and tumbles again, breaking apart into jellied sections as it continues to fall. And at last it strikes the ground that sends a shiver through the world.

Ireona, terrestrial exalt who has seen a century of fruitless wars and bloody battles is hard to surprise. Even in this she wavers for just a moment, her jaw dropping and then clamping audibly as she sees the behemoth utterly crushed in one onslaught. "The Realm is doomed, but how will the world ever survive them?" she whispers to herself.

The other soldiers, in their striders, are simply silent and motionless. They gape at the fallen beast, so quickly felled, and the two weapons of war turn and peer at each other as if to silently say, _We lived, and so easily and so quickly._

With a sigh, Davron's war machine also slumps back, its bow hanging slackly by its side. Though he himself had repaired the thing, had even seen it put through its paces, it is now for the first time that the Solar artisan has seen just what the mighty construction of the First Age could do in the hands of a powerful pilot. "What have I done?" he whispers to himself in quiet awe - and just a little fear, for the tales of how the First Age ended are never far from his mind.

---

At the bottom of the cliffs, the striders and their pilots gather around the jagged, roughly-hewn head of the Behemoth known as Cademius, the Dragon in Motion. One of its eyes is missing; the other swivels to study the striders as they approach. The gelatinous mass that hid behind the skin of the beast quivers, and a low voice, patient as death, vibrates across the landscape. _No... more.... binding is gone..... now... free.... sea... take....._ The words are punctuated by gasps for air that goes nowhere, and yet the thing that could not possibly still live cannot die yet.

Ireona considers the pitiful face and decides after a moment to speak with it. "Were you always this way?" she asks softly. Every behemoth changes her, she has found. This one has revealed secrets she would have been happier to never hear of, though. Perhaps something less unpleasant can be learned yet, though.

_Always.... never changing.... made.... a plaything.... for... Old Ones,_ the dark and vibrant voice declares, sending ripples through the ground and shivers down the spine. _Made.. trapped.... Wyld ones... slept.. so long... woken...._

Chi-Yosh stands, surveying the wake of his blows in humbleness. He is only proud that he might have broken the creature before one of the crew had been taken. Now, the creature within can die in peace, no longer a threat to the world. The power he had just releashed upon Cademius must be reserved.

"Who are the old ones?" asks Ireona. "How did they trap you?" She has never really had a chance to have a conversation with a behemoth before. Usually it was much more a matter of kill and that was it.

_Old... oldest... beyond time..._ Those that the thing refers to can be nothing less than the Primordials - a name familiar to Davron and to Chi-Yosh, at least. _Wyld... spawn....._ The face distorts; the quivering mass grows more intact. Cademius' power is returning, but slowly. _Magics from the Wyld.. enslave me.. free now..._

"Do you want to die?" asks Ireona softly. "If you are free now, do you still wish to see the Inner Sea?" The fire aspect is finding it hard to believe, but somehow she feels.. pity for the behemoth.

_Yes... my home... want to be home..._ The voice is soft, and sad, and immeasurably ancient.

"Then I promise you we will send you home," Ireona says gently. "We will send you home where you should be."

Davron grimaces beneath his jade mask. "It did not wake of its own accord, then," he murmurs. "It was _sent_ - sent to crush us, or at least to challenge our defenses. Lady Gallius was right." He turns to Ireona. "Let us go then, and take Cademius to his final rest. For rest is something we of Creation will have little of, in the years to come."

---

Aboard the airships of Lookshy, the head of Cademius rests. The remainder of its bulk will remain alone, lying in an unmarked grave of stones in the forests of the East. For five days the iron birds steam their way through the skies. On the sixth day, the airships take up a hovering position three miles south of Lookshy itself, on the coast. One begins lowering the head out of the hangar. It settles onto the beach. The single eye opens, and rotates about, orienting itself. Beyond is the magnificent expanse of the Inner Sea. _Home.. now.. always,_ its voice whispers. And the jellied head begins to dissolve, becoming liquid and then a vapor which is blown westward on the prevailing winds.

Ireona stands beside the head of her foe, smiling calmly as the eye opens. "Let the winds of the sea carry you home," she whispers quietly. As the head dissolves, she adds more gently, "It will be easier to face them, knowing even they wish for release. I will not forget you, Cademius."

Davron sighs softly, with a slight smile. "It was never made to live in Creation, for it was born before - if 'born' is the right word. Would that all things from beyond Creation's borders in time and space could so easily find peace."

Chi-Yosh stands upon the beach, watching Cademius breathe his last, before gazing out over the Sea himself. Waves lap at the sand, clawing at the grains. "But there will be more, if the Fae continue."

As the departing vapor of the Behemoth rises on the wind, the Solars - and their Terrestrial ally for now - witness something. A whirl of leaves, and where they blew, a woman stands. She smiles for a moment, stretching out her hand - and a man takes it, a man wearing a long coat, with black hair leading to his waist. His eyes, though set in a human head, are the innumerably ancient eyes of Cademius, and the woman is she who the Solars have witnessed one Calibration. She was called Gaia then, and she smiles now. They do not hear a word, but they know the meaning of her gaze as she favors them all with a gentle expression: a better home is waiting for him. And without further ado, they are gone.