After spending some time making sure the situation with the jaguarmen is well in hand, Gallius returns to deal with another curiousity. Though she's a bit unsure of how to proceed with Prowler, she does have a question, and she's going to ask it. She decides to be rather direct, and after she greets the Lunar as formally as ever, she goes right into what is on her mind. "You are a No Moon, your caste knows many things that are hidden away. Many things thought lost. I wish to hear all that I can of the Dragon Kings."

"The stalkers of Rathess? They have fallen far from their glory," is the old Lunar's somewhat terse reply. "In the beginning, they aided the Solars, but only in the beginning. After that they vanished. There are different beliefs why. Most say they committed mass suicide. Others say the Solars murdered them out of jealousy. But there are very few beings who really remember them."

Gallius frowns in thought. "Mass suicide? Why on Earth would they do such a thing?" The Solar Queen sighs and shakes her head. "I wonder if I should try to change their station. I wonder if it is right." She wonders, too, if she has The Right.

"I don't see how you could," observes Prowler, looking up from the crystal trinket he's idly examining. "The stalkers of the current age are mindless, now, and there's no sorcery wielded by Exalted or god that can turn back the river of time. I admit I don't know much of those creatures, though."

"There are many things I have done already that I knew were impossible," says Gallius. "I accept now that I have the power to do nearly anything. I accept that it is not for me to question the gifts given to me, but only the uses to which I put them." She smiles at this, but says nothing further.

"Then if you wish to pursue this, you can continue to do the impossible - get an audience with Leviathan himself, who may remember the Dragon Kings when they still lived," an irritable Prowler suggests.

Gallius hmms thoughtfully. "Leviathan, the most honorable of the Chosen that still lives," she says. It is impossible not to know and be part of the Silver Way. "I think that might be a very wise idea. Perhaps you know someone who could arrange it?" Her eyes twinkle for a moment, amused a little at the rising hackles of Prowler.

"I could myself, if you are willing to take the chance of angering him," suggests the Lunar. "Be it on your head. I will use my dream-stone, if you wish."

"I will not anger him," says Gallius confidently. "I have a.. feeling that he will want to talk to me, somehow. Perhaps he, like Ma-Ha-Suchi, remembers a bearer of this spark from an older time. In any case, I will risk it. I will risk everything to pursue the destiny that has been set for me."

---

Prowler sits cross-legged on the floating raft, tethered to rest calmly in the lake at the base of the waterfall which flows over the front of his home. Behind his back, moonlight shines down and sparkles across the crystal of his magnificent cliffside home, and glitters in the rushing falls that feed the lake. Before him, socketed into a moonsilver amulet, is a peculiar blue-black Hearthstone, speckled with stones that shimmer and twinkle like the stars above. On the other side of the amulet is Gallius, laying back on the hard wood base of the raft. "Sleep now," counsels Prowler, in a soft voice. "It will not be long."

Gallius does as commanded, though it's a bit weird, having to sleep like this. Still, the Solar manages to lay back, clothes her eyes, and drift off into dreams.

The darkness passes quickly, as it always does when one dreams. Gallius can hear bells in the distance, and the comforting folds of Venus' arms seem to clutch her as time and space fall away into meaninglessness. She struggles a bit, seeing a light shimmering faintly, and far away, and the bells grow louder. She swims toward this sight, and as she moves, other lights become gradually visible beneath her. She swims over a city underwater, a city lit by lanterns that sway gently in the ocean's currents, a hazy metropolis spun from gossamer and glamour, populated by phantoms. She sees too a great dark bulk, a sleeping form, that can only be the Great Whale himself.

A single eye opens on the creature's head, and swivels about to catch sight of the curious dreamer. _You... have come here through the power of another?_ a voice asks, deep as any abyss in the ocean, slow and ancient.

Gallius nods slowly through the water as she answers, "Another has allowed me to come here, so that I might speak with you." Even in the water Gallius manages to properly bow, showing the greatest respect for Leviathan. "I hope my presence here causes little trouble." She knows her presence must always cause a little. That is what being a Solar is about.

There's a faint rumbling in the water; something amuses, or perhaps bothers, the ancient creature. _Your respect is genuine. If your presence really was trouble, you would not come, then apologize for it.. You would not come at all._ He stays silent for long moments. _You are welcome in my dream, and we will speak._

"You are the most noble of living Exalts," says Gallius simply. "I come to you because only you can answer my questions. I am told that once there was a great and honorable race that stood beside the Solars. They were called the Dragon Kings, but they have fallen far from their place. I seek a way to redeem them, to give them another chance at existing. Another chance to see how much Creation needs them."

_If they can be brought back.. will you respect their choices thereafter?_ asks the Great Whale.

"It is not my place to stop them from doing as they will," says Gallius. "I will show them they have a worth, that the world needs them. If they should still wish to leave, they will leave. I will not respect them for making such a decision, but the choice shall be their own. I will not hinder it, even if it means that all my work is for nothing."

_Growing up is never for nothing,_ the Lunar's ancient voice radiates. _I will tell you what I know, if you will help the Dragon Kings attain their true form. But first, you must understand what came to pass.._ With this, the whale's directionless voice begins reciting a sing-song, a tale or legend from Creation's earliest history. It is a sad story, and a prideful story, of a people who lived long in the brilliance of paradise, and saw themselves usurped in the place of their god. And it tells, too, of the pride that drove them to remove themselves from the world rather than face life as mere shadows in the sun.

"So they gave up everything out of devastated pride," Gallius says softly. "And yet they honor the Unconquered Sun. If I help remind them of their glory, perhaps they will make the same wasteful choice. Yet perhaps some may not cast away their lives. They will see that they are needed. They have a place in this world." Still she frowns. "Faith is in the keeping of the Zenith Caste, but it is a fragile thing. Hope and love are among the most vulnerable of things that grow."

Gallius listens to the flow of water for a time, for the motions of the waves is surely the holder of the most ancient echoes of the past. "So much lost. So many things to restore. But it is my task, and there are no others. I will grant them a second chance. I cannot choose for them, but I can show them the truth of the world. They can either accept the fact that they are needed or they may deny it, resisting the truth." She seems lost in thought for a time. "I wonder, though, how I shall do such a thing. How can I restore them to their true form?"

_The Dragon Kings were still young, as were the Lunars who trapped themselves in the Silver Way, as were the Sidereals who hid their faces, as were the Solars in their rage. The Terrestrials, our youngest siblings, still play the games of childhood._ Leviathan pauses a moment, _You cannot restore them until you understand them._

Leviathan rumbles, and the water around him swirls as he dreams. _A child is born to a farming family. He is clever with the crops, but he is not strong, and his younger brother takes up the sword when the farm is attacked and returns a great hero. The elder brother, who taught his younger brother about the streams and forests of the region, who told him stories by the fire, and who protected him against the bullying of other boys, wishes he could have done more. His younger brother is now the pride of the farm, and the villages around. The elder is not angry at his brother, the hero. He is not angry at his father, who gave the lad his sword and sent him on his way. He is simply confused, because his loyal service is forgotten while another is elevated. He feels profound sadness._

Gallius nods slowly and sighs. "I do not love the warrior for his glory," she says softly. "I understand their pain. But I will not forget them. I will honor them, and love them. That is all I can do. Surely Helios will not forget them. Surely I am a sign that Helios has not."

_That is all a sister can do, is it not?_ asks Leviathan softly. _On to more practical matters. Their spirits are gone, but like all spirits, they do not linger far. You must master their language. You must open a road to where they linger, Elsewhere, and you must call to them. Rathess is the key. Their bodies linger there, knowing it was once a city of death and rebirth to them. It will be dangerous._

Gallius smiles at the mention of danger, though the rest made her gravely serious. "Danger is all that I have known," she answers. "I am pledged to this task. Surely it was meant for me. I will go to Rathess and remind myself of their language. Surely part of me knew it once."

_Much was meant, but little was done. That was the great sadness of the First Age,_ whispers Leviathan's ocean-wide voice, and another rumble from the depths of the blackened waters join in. _It was also the downfall of the Dragon Kings themselves. They were meant to rule, but that truth changed. Do not let shame or pride compel you in your quest, nor once you complete it._

"I am just doing what I believe is just and fair," says Gallius. "I have a.. gift. I can restore the faith of those who listen to me. I have used it as well as I can. Now it seems that another people need me. I will not deny them their right to a second chance. If there is another opportunity for my own kind, surely they are just as worthy." She frowns in thought and shakes her head, "In any case, I will leave the real choosing to them."

_Then I do not presume to question you,_ suggests Leviathan, contentedly rippling the dream-waters about him.

"I prefer that you question freely," says Gallius softly. "For my kind has failed in the past." She smiles, even if her words are dire. "There are other things I have thought of that concern you, though they are very far beyond me, yet. I wish to know more of how the Lunar Castes were lost."

_The Lunars fled to the Wyld,_ says Leviathan. _At the time they had few defenses. But it would immunize them from the detection and influence of the Sidereals, if they still existed. The Full Moon and the No Moon are static; Waning and Waxing are symbols of change, and so the Wyld took them first. The Half Moon, the symbol that stood between them, was lost soon after._

"I have heard that the attempts to find them again failed," says Gallius softly and sadly. "I don't wish to presume or be arrogant in this, but.. I want to help. The Lunars saved Creation when they saved themselves. You are saving the Solars, as well. Giving us a way to become wiser and stronger. Surely the Solars can aid in some way in regaining what has been lost."

_Those Castes are perhaps gone beyond even Luna's power. Autochthon, who gave the sparks of Exaltation to the gods, would know. Your intention is noble but your power is inadequate._ Leviathan rolls about in the water, his great bulk casting shadows across the lamp-lit city where it obscures the light. _Do what you can. Leave the rest for the future._

"I will do all I can," says Gallius. "If Luna cannot, though.." She seems very troubled by this. "Perhaps they are waiting for us to show that we are worthy of them. Helios, Luna, the Maidens, and Gaia. The Solars failed them so badly, though.. I do not see why the Lunars should pay for our sin."

_The Lunars pay for their own sin. The Silver Way is their penance,_ answers Leviathan, rumbling quietly in the deeps.

"But I thought only the Solars were responsible for what happened," says Gallius softly. "I thought it was our failure that caused all others to flounder."

_The Dragon Kings fled because of their pride. The Solars let their rage consume them. The Sidereals, their hubris. The Terrestrials, their envy. The Lunars.._ The elder shapeshifter drifts into silence for long moments. _Cowardice. The First Age was a child's paradise. And the gods were proper parents when it was time for that age to end._

"I do not see any cowardice left in your kind," says Gallius softly. "But I am hardly one fit to judge." She considers for a time, trying to carefully select her words, to make herself more clear. "A child's paradise," she murmurs softly. "A place to play, and yet it began with such a violence. What shall we craft now?"

_You will become an adult, and craft what an adult would. And I... shall not live to see it, I think._ Leviathan sounds very old, but not at all upset. _The Lunars abhor cowardice now, because of what happened then. They pay for their memories of permitting the betrayal of their mates, their masters, their leaders. They pay for fleeing. And the Silver Way is their price._

"Then I think maybe I am on the right path," says Gallius. "Shall not live to see it?" She seems rather pensive about this. "I imagine it shall take my entire life, as well. I wonder.." She shakes her head, "It doesn't matter about myself. I must remember that my hours are valuable, too valuable to waste on foolishness. I shall do what I can, but I will not forget the past. I will not stand by while we fail again. The Lunars are strong, they are brave. We must learn as they have." And yet as sure as Gallius' voice might sound, her eyes betray much uncertainty.

_The Lunars have not learned fully. Not I, who you invest with titles like 'noble', and others call the 'Great Whale'. Nor you. But we are learning, what it means to rule a world._ Leviathan sounds rather content with this state of affairs. _When we grow up, we must be sure the world we make is one our children will be happy in._

"That will take time," says Gallius. The Solar smiles at Leviathan, "If you have not learned fully, I imagine it'll take me another 2000 years to have even a little bit of an idea." She is feeling more and more relaxed with the ancient Lunar, now. Yet her next question is difficult for her, and she asks it gently, as if touching an old wound. "What was it like?" she asks. She means the first age, of course, though she does not say it.

_Imagine a child, squatting down to examine a flower in a grassy field,_ suggests Leviathan. _She studies it, then begins drawing in the dirt with her finger. She draws a crude flower-like shape, erases it, then draws another. She amuses herself by learning to draw ever more elaborate shapes._ The rumbling sound of the Lunar's voice continues. _She becomes quite an artist, but.. the flower would grow better if it was watered._

"I still am that child," Gallius says softly. "But I think I'm learning how to care for the plant. I have already started planting seeds, now I just have to see to making the ground more fertile." For the first time, she looks around her, admiring the depths of the ocean. "It is beautiful here. I had never thought how the Lunars could make a whole people who can live in a place safe from the Realm. Safe from the enemy."

"And yet.. even here there is danger. I wonder if we must kill the Sidereals. I wonder what happens if we truly do fight them?" Gallius finds the thought distasteful. "They weave fate itself. And yet they are apart from us, they hide in shadows. How can we get them to reveal themselves? How can the people trust them?"

_They pay their own penance,_ is Leviathan's ocean-whispered answer. _You must show them the way out by living your own life. You must inspire them to greatness, as is your birthright._

"I do not doubt you are right," says Gallius. "I don't think there is anyone who could know better." She considers for a time, though it seems no answers are coming to her. "Well, my first step is to Harborhead. Then Rathess, and I will not forget that one of my circlemates is sworn to aid Azel. Perhaps we might meet in the waking world, then. Yet this is honor enough for me already. I am grateful for your patience and your willingness to share what you know with a child, but I think I shall leave you for a time, though I hope we might speak again."

_Come to me in dreams if you come at all,_ counsels Leviathan. _Here you will be welcome, but not elsewhere._

Gallius nods to this. "Then I shall come again, if Weeping Prowler is willing to aid me." She sighs softly, thinking of Prowler. But no, that is the duty of another. The salvation and restoration of Prowler is in the hands of a worthy Solar already, and if her help is needed, he will ask. "For now, I must bid you farewell. And if for some reason you should have need of me, I ask that you send word. I am still but a child, but I grow swiftly." She shakes her head, "Too swiftly sometimes, yet not quickly enough. Rest well, Great Whale, and thank you." She bows deeply once more and offers a calm smile, letting the dreams talk hold of her again.