Gallius takes the book and returns to the place that has come to be her home. That same small inn. It has become far more quiet since the forces of Roleyn have left, but its cozy enough. She lights a few candles and reads into the dark of night. The next day, she reads still more, and begins to get a fair grasp of what the book teaches. It's an interesting read, at least, and she imagines that inside it lies part of the truth. Part. Not all. With a sigh she scoops up the book and decides to head back to the city. She leaves Jin-nu behind, not wanting to draw too much attention. She is interested in meeting Oaken Claw once more, and helping again, if she is needed.

Gallius will look for Sala and see what duties there are today. It seems more of the same. Again she makes a trip for water. Today, however, she is not so easily exhausted. She seeks out Oaken Claw or any monk that is available and asks for more work. Her questions can wait.

Gallius is given her task from a shorter woman with piercing blue eyes and blonde hair. The name she gives Gallius is Spring, and she seems quite pleased, no matter how hard things are about her. She even takes the time to fidget with Gallius' blouse, worrying over a button that was damaged when Gallius was working with the wagon. When this behavior is completed, Gallius is sent about to feed the fires and aid Sala in feeding a few of the more badly injured men and women.

Once this is done, Spring seemingly appears from nowhere, telling Gallius that there are many rugs that need to be cleaned. No sooner does Gallius finish this task then Spring appears again. She is then sent to help the cook. Oddly enough, when Gallius winds up in the kitchen, Spring is there. She says only, "The girl who was cooking for us had to help her father tonight, so we will have to handle this ourselves. When there is a lack, we must make due." She waves a spoon at Gallius, punctuating her words with sharp swings.

Gallius listens to Spring lecture as she works. "There are places for all of us in the world," she says, and then says, "A pinch of salt, dear. Ahh, yes. Good. Careful, we don't want it to boil!" Spring appears at first to be almost silly and absent-minded, at least to those who are incapable of following her. "Finding your place can be very difficult, but once you've found it, you should fulfill it to the best of your abilities. Whatever the task! Whether you be a farmer, a warrior, or even a monk." She measures Gallius up for a moment and laughs, "Or if you just want to wind some silly man around your fingers. You know, I believe there are some strapping lads running about. They are of a respectable family, and they respect the Order."

Gallius tries to interject, but Spring is as impossible to silence as the very winds. She seems more pleased with the world than many of the others here, and Gallius can't help but laugh at some of the things the monk tells her. Finally they finish the task, "Now, child, let's see about serving the others. You go ahead and set the places and I shall call them in!" Gallius makes haste, eager to please this kindly woman. Yet again she marvels at how ordinary the personalities of these monks can be. And yet they are so comfortable in themselves. Gallius is eager to learn how they manage it.

The places are then set, and Gallius sets to cleaning up half of the pots while the others eat. She's so distracted by her own thoughts that she doesn't even remember to join the others for their meal, but instead works the entire time.

After the meal is finishinged, Gallius works with Sala to clean the modest dishes the monks use. She sends the tired acolyte away, insisting on finishing on her own. Just as she finishinges up a voice calmly asserts, "You have missed one set of dishes, and I won't allow you to wash them until you eat every bit of food and drank every bit of water they hold." The voice is Spring's, and she makes Gallius sit down to eat at the table. "Now I must be off to clear my mind, dear, but keep your promise! You must eat it all and drink it all!" Gallius nods, smiling and trying not to laugh, but Spring's laughter has a way of making her laugh, as well. When Spring leaves, she sighs, finishinging her food quietly.

Again, as with the night before, Oaken Claw has retreated to her quarters, and again, Gallius has been invited to join her. Now, however, there is no leftover food to distract; the meat and drink of the soul are the proper fare for this meeting.

Gallius sets down by Oaken Claw. This time, Lady Leom is a little more stiff and though she's worked many hard days, lately her life has been incredibly stressful and difficult, and it wears on her now, after a long day. "I feel rather worn, I fear, but I hope to learn a great deal. Each of the Dragons is of an element. Air, Earth, Fire, Water, and Wood. Each of these aspects is manifested among the Dragon-Blooded. The Immaculate monks are likewise divided, are they not? Each finding their heart closer to a certain element than others?"

"Yes, it is so," says Oaken Claw with a smile. "Each of us Exalted have an elemental affinity, a central nature that we feel most in tune with. And yet, there are those individuals who stray from their birthright to pursue another aspect. It is not a sin or a shame, merely an exception."

"That is interesting," says Gallius. "So your aspect is wood, and wood has a control and understanding of both life and death. It draws upon the elements, rooted in the earth, drinking of the rivers and rain, and caressing the wind, feeding the fire." Gallius looks thoughtful, "What difference is there between the followers of the aspects? It seems that all the elements are of critical importance. Without one, no one would live very long."

"Yes, that is also the case," replies the monk. "There are differences in nature. Fundamentally we are all the same, but each aspect has its own viewpoints and philosophies. Bravery, caution, ruthlessness and compassion. The range of viewpoints is well represented when those of different aspects come together."

"What does it mean to be a monk devoted to the Elemental Dragon of Wood?" asks Gallius. She smiles and explains, "I wish to find the path to the great confidence and calm I see in the monks. Though you are all very different, you have the same certainty in your actions."

Oaken Claw considers for a moment. "It is to be alive, and while you are alive, to grow as much as you can," she says. "Spiritual enlightenment, whether found in the most sublime poetry or in the laughter of a child, is a joy. May I show you something?"

"Certainly," says Gallius. She doesn't disguise her excitement at having her questions answered so freely. "Do you enjoy poetry, Oaken Claw?" asks Gallius curiously as she waits for Oaken Claw to show her whatever it is she wishes to show.

"I enjoy everything of beauty," the monk answers. She rises from her place, encouraging Gallius to follow. She navigates through the corridors and walkways, stopping in an empty hallway and crouching down, beckoning for her companion to join her. On the ground, in one corner, is a crack in the stonework. And out of it sprouts a tiny green shoot, with small buds clinging to the stem and waiting for the right time to unfurl into leaves. A nearby window allows sunlight into the hallway, and one shaft of light provides the illumination which keeps this plant sustained.

Gallius smiles and looks at the little plant. "This is real beauty," she says quietly. "It's like so many of us, trying to grow in a place fraught with perils," she adds in a soft voice. "There are so many evils in the world, and yet beauty lives on."

"It broke through stone," observes Oaken Claw softly. "I discovered it one day, and requested that it be allowed to grow. This is what it means to be an Aspect of Wood - to overcome any difficulty through patience and perseverance."

"Patience," murmurs Gallius quietly. "I hope to learn that virtue," she admits. "So much to learn. I must slow down, though, or I will miss something important on my path. Something like this, small and yet so very profound."

"Sometimes, it's important to act quickly," the woman says, still hunched down and watching the plant with patient eyes. "Sometimes restraint is best. Creation has a natural rhythm or cycle to it. Feeling what is natural lets you act in the proper way, and know when to be patient and when not to be."

"How do you know?" asks Gallius. "Is this something that you learn in time, or were you taught?" She muses over the small plant and goes on, "I want to grow swiftly, because it seems so dreadfully important. There are many who might someday depend on me."

"Have you ever thought about the best course of action, Lady?" asks Oaken Claw softly. "Have you dwelt on the proper pattern of your actions, struggled in your conscious thoughts to decide on what's right?"

"Constantly," says Gallius. "Even now.. even when I sleep I consider what is best for my people. For everyone. There is so much danger, so many strong forces that are out of control. Too many evils. Violent slavers, barbarians, the slaves of the deathlords. Evil is growing so strong, Oaken Claw. I must find a way to protect my people."

The monk smiles, and slides her hand over her companion's shoulder. "Stop doing that. Don't think. If you don't worry about deciding what is best, you'll find that you already know. Flowers don't bloom and trees do not bear fruit because they decide to. It's simply natural for them to."

Gallius lets out a soft breath. "That will take time, I imagine, but it sounds right, somehow. Is it that way for you in all things? You simply know?" She finds the concept quite strange, and yet somehow.. it feels right, too. "I wish to stop worrying. I want to act correctly, and not waste my efforts on bitterness or regret."

Oaken Claw rises to her feet and nods her head slowly. "Yes. Nobody is ever assured of complete success in everything they do. But if you follow what is natural, and grow as you are meant to, what can you regret not doing? Can you regret being who you are?"

Gallius finds that question more than challenging. "What if who you are is something terrible?" she murmurs softly. She wishes she could just tell Oaken Claw everything, but maybe there will be a better time. Maybe there will never be a time? She shakes her head, "It is better to be what you are, I suppose, than try to be something else. We cannot be anything but what we are, we can improve as we might, but the seed of an apple does not grow to be a maple."

"Who and what we are is not static, Lady," Oaken Claw observes. "The seed of the apple must inevitably become the apple-tree. That is what it truly is, even if its outward form changes as time passes. Even a monster in deed but not one in heart can become a good person, and again that is who it is."

Gallius looks hopefully at Oaken Claw. "You truly mean that? Even a monster?" She smiles then, "You are kind, and you give me hope. Hope that there is strength in my heart to become a good person."

"There are monsters who do not wish to be redeemed, similarly," the woman continues in a sadder tone. "They, too, must obey their nature. And those who wish to stop them must oppose them, as is their nature. A sad truth of the world, but one which enlightenment allows one to accept."

"Oaken Claw, there is something I must tell you," says Gallius. Her voice grows soft and uncertain, and the proud leader of armies looks more vulnerable than she has since she was a child. "Yet I am so afraid. I want to be redeemed. I want to come here and help you and speak with you, and Spring, and Sala. I want to learn the truth about the world and find a way to save myself and my kin."

The woman smiles gently, a nurturing expression on her face and in her eyes. "Yes, I know who you are," she admits. "I was told last night, when my aspect-brother, Elegens, told me of a battle he'd been in, with one of the two who assaulted the city walls during the siege. He fought with a man, and had clearly observed a woman, and he recognized you during your time here yesterday."

Gallius looks surprised, then lets out a soft sigh. "I hope my presence here causes you no difficulties, Oaken Claw. I appreciate all the help you have given me. I am sorry I did not tell you earlier, but it was suggested to me that I not speak on the matter. At least not at first." The solar looks down at the ground, admitting, "In all this time, being what I am, I have never before felt ashamed of it. And yet now I am. There is a darkness that hangs over my kind, and though I know I can become powerful, I also know that others more powerful could not heal what is wrong with us. That is why I came to seek your help. The power of my kind are not enough alone to save us."

"You are indeed the enemy of my kind," the monk says. "Yet I perceive a seed in you that will grow to greatness. It may be watered by blood and tears, it is true. But even for the Anathema, salvation might be found."

"Can you help me, Oaken Claw?" asks Gallius. "I need to find the origin of the affliction that has maimed my kind, and though I might learn some of it in Yu-Shan, or from spirits, I must be ready to ask. I do not think the solution is a matter of brute strength. That is what has led my kind to folley. We must understand our way through this."

"Then perhaps I must learn more, myself," the monk murmurs. "My understanding is that the Anathema are the spawn of darkness. But perhaps a hallway is not the proper place to discuss this?"

Gallius nods quickly, "Probably not. I don't want to start a battle in a place of healing." She rises slowly, "I will tell you all I know, Oaken Claw, and try to find out still more, but there are many things I will not be able to answer. Perhaps I should explain everything? How I.. became what I am."

Gallius leads away from the bustle of the city, deciding to speak where there is no danger of being overheard, save by sorcerous means. She begins with the story of her life, of Roleyn, of her sister and her death. Then she tells of Ma-Ha-Suchi and her Exaltation. Along the way, she describes the prophecies of her people and explains that her anima banner is that of the lioness. A careful account of what followed is offered, though she protects her comrades from being identified. The Master's location is something she will not share, certainly. She tells of her hand in driving the Realm from Greyfalls. Of dealing with the Guild, stopping Yana, kidnapping Alcis to save her life, and dealing with the abyssals.

"It seems that you were indeed born into a life of war and death, as we are taught to expect of the Anathema," says Oaken Claw, sounding somewhat doubtful as she digests all this. "It is quite different from my first impression of you."

Gallius nods, "It has been a very challenging life so far. I seek unity, and I seek a way to bring about a renewel of the rightful order of the world. Things are far from where they belong. There are spirits cowing men, there are men selling their own kind to be devoured by the Fair Folk, there are great expanses ruled by the Deathlords. We are beset by foes, and the most terrible irony is that those we would do best to stand with are divided from us. Once I thought the Dragon-Blooded were merciless tyrants, but I know better now. When I first met Alcis I knew she had a noble heart that was at least the match of my own. Meeting you and Spring and the other monks has only made me more certain. I think many of the things you tell me are true, but it seems clear to me that there are many things we do not know. I want to know what caused my kind to be so blighted. Something made us insane, and the Dragon-Blooded rose against us to save the world. But if Helios is wise and noble as I believe, why

"Something made us insane, and the Dragon-Blooded rose against us to save the world. But if Helios is wise and noble as I believe, why would he create us still? We have some purpose, Oaken Claw. I just do not know what it is. One thing I am becoming more sure of, though, is that Solars should not rule over men."

"What you believe is heresy to the Immaculates," murmurs the monk. She sounds troubled. "In a way, I wish I had not heard what you told me.. and yet I cannot simply forget. Nor can I simply accept. Perhaps you will be patient with me, and I will do the same."

"I am sorry to trouble you, Oaken Claw, but I think that creation can no longer hold without your people and mine working to each other's aid," says Gallius. "We are flawed. We are cursed. We need you, I think, to help save us. How that she be achieved I do not know, but I do know with certainty that if we kill each other the world shall suffer and be consumed. Either the Fair Folk shall swallow the world or all life shall be destroyed by the Deathlords."

The monk nods slowly. "We should return for now.. But I will consider what you have said." It's clear that she feels the need for at least some distance, for now, though she isn't running away from the ideas she's been confronted with.

"I will try to learn more, Oaken Claw," says Gallius. "That is, if you wish to ever see me again. Do you think I should stay away from the acolytes? I don't wish to cause trouble. I appreciate what your order has done and is doing, but I realize that sometimes the best help a Solar can give is to go very far away. If you wish to see me again, come and meet me away from the city. If you do not, I will not trouble you any more."

"Come join us again. Elegens will not speak of it. We will do what we can," she says, frowning a bit. "But I would be remiss in my duties if I let go the chance to help you find your own enlightenment."

Gallius knows that her presence is a disruption, indeed. She has stolen even the calm of an Immaculate Monk. "I will come to you, then, Oaken Claw. I am sorry, but I cannot be other than what I am. I wish things were otherwise, and yet.. this is important. The world needs me, and if that need leads to my own death and damnation, I will pay that price. If it saves the lives of the innocent, my soul is a small expense. Thank you for speaking with me, Oaken Claw."

The monk smiles gently. "You are not the stone my flower's stem must crack and shatter. Let us grow together, and see what hardships we can overcome together. Your sun-god shines on you; do not fail him by not growing."