The circle stops only for a short time at the Manse of the Eternal Song. Chi-Yosh gathers some herbs that he believes will have great benefits for the circle, and with care the seeds of the plants are taken along. The ship takes to the sky once more, and Gallius looks down into the small bowl that marks her home away from home, wondering when she will return. But that lasts only a short time before she turns her mind back to the task, asking Ramar, "How long until we arrive at the next manse?" And then Davron, "Do we have all we will need to create the desired stone?"

"It will not be much longer." Ramar chuckles, "Just as soon as we find the coordinates... and..." He pauses for a moment, his eyes becoming sharper than a hawk's, "There... we shall arrive shortly. I can just see it over the horizon. But... once we're there, how do we proceed?"

Davron nods. "Everything I could imagine to be of help is aboard. Tools, raw materials, paints and enamels, and countless more of that variety... and of course the _Book of Heaven_ itself. As for how we will proceed..." The Twilight artisan shrugs. "I will be able to tell you more when we arrive, and I have the opportunity to observe the occult architecture first-hand."

Gallius nods quickly. "Good. I'm sure you will know what must be done, Davron," she says confidently. She moves to the front of the ship, staring straight ahead, now. A small smile plays on her lips, and she fingers the hearthstone that she so recently was granted. She's finally managed to stop singing for the first time since it was first bound to her.

---

Across the sea of trees, as the evergreen forest rises over the gentle slopes of the Heaven's Child Hills, the Solars can spot the signs of a man-made structure. Its details become apparent as they draw closer. The Manse is a tiered building, with roofs that rise sharply to points at their five corners. The upper two roofs are supported by tremendous pillars of oak, their upper sides shingled with a smooth and regularly textured bark. Other, smaller tiered roofs are sprinkled about the central building.

The ship lands, and the trio of Solars disembark. Each has with them a bundle of materials that have been gathered up at Davron's request. Ramar strides easily through the gentle, sloping trees until coming to the building. He grins, "So... I suppose now we shall go find the doorknocker... or, perhaps we should see what those smaller roofs lie atop..."

As the Solars draws closer, they can see a small road winding through the forest and leading to the Manse. It is not well-tended, nor heavily used. The Manse has two sets of doors on the ground level, on the east and west faces, and the road leads to the western door. And along it they go, stopping when confronted by great wooden door-clappers. At the smallest touch of a fingertip, the doors swing inward to admit them.

"Well, I will say this much. I've learned to not have expectations when coming to a manse," says Gallius. "You never know exactly what you will see, do you?"

The interior of the Manse strongly resembles the architecture of an Immaculate temple of worship. Nevertheless, it contains the characteristic signs of a Manse. The rooms, though built to be simple-seeming and to blend naturally into the surrounding setting, still exhibit the subtle occult traits that draw the eye of the expert. A light breeze blows through the interior, and the sound of leaves rustling can be heard in the distance.

"Hmmm..." Ramar considers the Manse carefully, studying the occult traits of the rooms, paying close attention to detail. He tilts his head at the rustling of leaves, "Ahh... sounds like there're plants in the chambers ahead. Or an open courtyard. Shall we?"

Davron nods to Gallius, his voice low, almost a whisper. "Magic is as infinitely diverse as Creation itself - which is to be expected, for Creation is built on magic." He looks around, noting the details of alignment, but also watching for signs of habitation.

Gallius nods to Ramar and smiles at Davron. "It seems the world is filled with things we do not exactly expect. I wonder though, what lesson there is to be learned here?"

"We shall see..." And with that, Ramar begins to travel the corridors of the Manse, moving carefully... taking care to keep an eye out for things that protect the Manse as well as things that might need to be changed.

The central chamber is serene. An air of calmness resonates in this wood-worked room. Tapestries with sutras of meditation line the left and right walls. As the Solars enter the room, they cannot help but feel at ease, feel calmed and at peace with their surroundings. The wooden floor creaks softly under their steps.

There are three pools of crystal clear water arrayed around a central pedestal. These three pools have three mats around their sides, comfortable mats that allow for reflection. Not one ripple disturbs these pools. Plants grow from within them. They line pathways of occult power, drawing their energy from the ambient Essence. They blossom even indoors, each flower colored soothingly. It is easy to follow their path back to the center of power in this Chamber. The pedestal. Atop it rests a statue of metal interwoven with wood. It is of a figure sitting, with an untroubled and opened mind. A dull hued stone rests in the center of its forehead, a third eye of sorts.

Davron's first step is to study the crucial rooms - the ones that are part of the Essence structure of the Manse, rather than simply serving decorative or functional purposes. The Hearthstone room is obviously one such, but the structural changes he is contemplating will need modifications to the entire edifice. The _Book of Heaven_ is of help here, in decoding the occult dimensions of the rooms and the spaces between, but other measurements are needed as well - and given the fundamental nature of the Manse, in some cases he simply meditates in the occult center of the room and observes the feeling of peace and calmness they generate.

The energy of the manse is directed inward - serene Essence is channeled toward the Hearthstone room, or simply focused on the center of the individual rooms. It is Davron's task to shape this into an outward flow, so that the healing energies of the stone can be directed at another.

Some of the changes are mere reshapings of the rooms themselves - technically difficult, but aided by Davron's uncanny skill with materials. Portals toward the entrance doors are carefully opened, or even created where they were not before, in precise spacing, while inner doors and windows are closed. In other cases, the breeze is guided into a window by the plants in a carefully tended garden - in this case, a new garden must be planted on the other side, and the original must be pruned or re-shaped to diffuse the fragrant air toward the walls.

Most difficult of all are the lotus beds planted, as if in a wall, around the central chamber. They represent a barrier to discordant thought, intended to guard the mind represented within; to serve Davron's purposes, they must be replanted around the perimeter - if possible, without killing them, for the death of even one plant will leave a gap in the pattern, and a newly planted lotus would require a laborious reweaving.

Gallius never fashioned herself as a gardener, nor as a farmer. The taking of the Song of Life Stone changed that, and in more ways than one. Under Davron's direction, she begins chopping away the small, carefully formed trees that dot the grounds about the temple in very orderly lines. Some she simply cuts down, others she takes away from the temple, singing them to take root outside the gates. Gardens she raises with care, using a gentle voice here and there so that one plant will outgrow those around it. Lilacs are sung up to the windows, letting their sweet blossoms decorate the windows.

A few berries are plucked from bushes outside and drawn in, and she stoops to pick up a small seed she finds along the way. Pausing to get more instructions from Davron, she places these with what might seem no care at all of order. She walks about for a while, then tosses a berry over her shoulder. Where it lands, she sings it into being, letting it's slender branches wind themselves around the bole of a larger tree.

The tree's seed she wanders about with for some time, clearly unsure of just where it ought to go. She pauses suddenly, looking around. Stopping for a moment, she looks straight up at the sky, aligning herself with the heavens. She reaches out slowly and kneels, setting the seed gently on the ground before she once again sings, but this time the song is stronger, and more focused. About her the grass seems to uncurl from the ground, growing with visible speed, until Gallius' voice is all that can be detected. She rises slowly from kneeling, her hand moving to stroke the swiftly growing tree, urging it burst into blossom before her voice finally gives way to silence.

The Queen laughs softly as a branch seems to present her with a perfectly ripe orange, which she accepts with a small curtsey. This she puts away for later, turning her mind to the other tasks. She must address the lotus beds. Her hands dig into their earth and she cradles each like a child, moving them from their current place to others that allow their beauty to shine outward, revealed from many angles by the new portals and many windows.

Finally, as all the labors are done, the Circle convenes in the central chamber. The reshapings of the Manse have had their effect, and already the arcane glow of the Hearthstone has dimmed, the stone once radiant with Essence already seeming no more than a mundane rock. And now, before their eyes, the dull substance of what was once a Stone of Mental Health slowly fades further, and eventually crumbles to dust, the crystallized Essence no longer supported by the architecture that had formed it.

Davron watches tensely, then steps forward, studying the nucleation point with an assortment of tools aided by his own arcane senses. Finally, at long last he nods in satisfaction. "I believe we are successful. There is little to see with the eye yet, but the Essence reshaping appears to be balanced, and in time a new Hearthstone will grow normally." One test in particular intrigued him - the suspended orichalcum needle reacted stronger than he had expected...

On the way out, Davron sees the details that confirm his suspicions - a newer-looking construction on one roof that obscures what had been a broad light-well, predominance for doors opening to the east or west (and thus toward sunrise or sunset), more subtle influences hard to describe. "I believe this was a Solar manse once," he explains to his companions. "Reshaped to be Wood-aspected - a far more laborious process than the one we have just completed."

"Intriguing. I wonder how many more have been similarly changed." Ramar glancesa around at the subtle changes. He smiles at his friends, "We've succeeded then? Good. The next step is to find out what has happened to our friend then. Congratulations are in order Davron."

"Most of the ones within the Realm's influence," responds Davron. "After the Purge, the Immaculate teachings held that the Terrestrial were the only kind of Exalted, and a non-elemental architecture would have been difficult to explain." He grins. "I would have been hard-pressed to accomplish it alone, Ramar. We work as a Cirle."

"Very impressive," says Gallius softly. "We just wait for the stone to grow, then, and his healing can begin." She looks about the manse and smiles, "It's better here. The calm quiet now flows out like a pacifying tide. Can you feel it?" She shuts her eyes and takes in a deep breath, letting it out slowly. "It's like being in the palm of Helios."