As the sun fades in the sky, the Dawn Caste healer's attention is drawn from the condition of his patient, Gallius, whose condition has finally started to stabilize. The threat from Deathlords has temporarily abated, the Dowager's army fading list mist struck by the heat of sun rays. War, it seems, has finally faded from the horizon, though threats are never gone completely. It is these other threats and challenges that lead Chi-Yosh to seek the advice of Davron, who is also seeking to find a way to repair some of the harm inflicted by the Dowager.

Davron looks up from his tinkering with the device which Gallius had used to contact the departed souls of the Dragon Kings. Ironic, that that very device is now going to be used to contact Gallius' own soul and guide her home. "What is it, Chi-Yosh?" he asks, somewhat tiredly but without heat.

Ramar is staring at the device in question, watching it carefully, thankful to have something else to occupy his mind for the time being. It's almost too much to think about... other things. He looks up as Chi-Yosh enters the laboratory, waiting curiously for an answer.

"Spies." The Su'Katan takes to leaning against an empty work bench. "It occurred to me that while our defenses for invasion are substantial." A glance towards Ramar. "Earlier in the year, you outed some agents in the Nation - I was seeking some council on a method to prevent intrusion, like some network of Exalts and Spirits, or a ward system." He knows that Davron has been working day and night on the device - something else to turn the wheels of the mind on might due everyone some good.

Davron is indeed ready for a mental break. Scratching his head, he remarks, "Our borders are alrady warded - but they are but mindless sentinels. Even the best mortal thaumaturges cannot create magic with enough intelligence for anything more. I agree - we need the flexibility of intelligent assistance."

Chi-Yosh says, "In that case, demons are a viable use but we can't depend upon them. With Yana our only Night Caste, we will need spirits. And the assistance of any Dragon Blooded who may come to our aid - the Dragon Princes may offer us some help, as they are as close to the spirits as any can get."

The silence of Bridal Veil's night as well as the direction of the conversation are both shattered with the scream of a girl outside. It is immediately followed by a hiss like steam from the strange contraptions of Gaia. The windows of the shop light momentarily with the brilliance of rushing golden flames, then darkness returns, though the noise swiftly causes a huge commotion outside.

Chi-Yosh bursts first out the door, but the others are not far behind. The scene no more than twenty paces from the threshold is a very strange one. A woman with red hair and burning eyes stands over a fallen child, the little girl crawling back and away. In front of that strange woman a figure is sprawled out. The shape is that of an elemental of the earth, it's body composed of now-steaming soil.

Chi-Yosh sprints to the scene, and kneels beside the young girl. Laying a hand upon her shoulder, he offers a soothing shh. "Everything is all right." A look is shot up to the red haired maiden, before he scoops up the little girl in his arms. "It cannot harm you any further."

Davron looks back and forth between the child and Rain of Fire, bewildered. "What is going on here?" he demands. "What is the meaning of this?" Davron may have some notion of the occult, but no one ever accused him of being diplomatic.

The woman with eyes of fire turns to look at the child with concern, then to Davron. The elemental clambers back to its feet, and it sticks both hands into the earth. Ahead of it, the ground rolls like a shaken carpet, disturbing buildings and likely the footing of Chi-Yosh. The fire god frowns thoughtfully, "I don't think this is what you had in mind when you told it to clear the roads," she suggests.

Cradling the child close, the Dawn scuttles backwards, moving slow enough to let the ground rise beneath his feet. Direction shifts, sending the Solar dancing up the arching turf. In his arms, the child squeals and clings fitfully.

Ramar addresses the Earth Elemental, Caste Mark glowing brightly on his forehead. "Stop what you are doing this instant."

The words come in the very nick of time for the earth elemental, considering the ominous glow coming from Rain of Fire's left fist. The buildings nearby look much the worse for wear. Major repairs will have to be seen to. The elemental now just stands there, doing nothing at all, its eyes of onyx staring blankly ahead. "Stop stop stop," it chants in a deep, echoing voice.

"Who told you to do this," asks Ramar.

The elemental takes its time answering it. It's clear that its talents were being shown earlier and that interaction is not among them. "Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves," it finally manages.

"Alright..." Ramar shrugs his shoulders. "Who is Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves," he asks, this time to both the Elemental and Rain of Fire.

Davron holds up a hand. "I think our stony friend may need a little more specific question, Ramar." Addressing the earth elemental he asks, "Please describe Silent Wind for us, if you may..."

The elemental stands there for a very long time. Minutes pass and its eyes glint strangely. Finally, it speaks, "Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves." A prodigous pause follows. "Dark. Cannot see. Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves. That way." And here the elemental points to the north. "Clear roads. Now stop. Stop stop stop."

"This one barely enough to follow orders," says Rain of Fire. "Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves. I think I have heard that name," she says. "But I know little more than this one does." She gestures to the elemental with a smirk, "Though I do know one thing. This one will know the way back."

Chi-Yosh gives a comforting hug to the little girl - Autumn Willow - and finally sets her down. She seems calm enough to run towards her mother, who thusfar has been waiting off to the side with hands wringed. Turning to the Elemental, his own Caste Mark gleaming, "Lead us to Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves."

The elemental stares blankly for a time, then turns about. The earth elemental shivers where it stands for a moment, and then sinks below the road, rushing off to the north, weaving its way underground at a remarkably fast clip, and soon it seems the elemental will be lost.

As the elemental rushes off, Davron begins to say "Wai-", then thinks better of it. Even if the being could hear him, it would take too long to explain to it that the concept of 'lead' requires you to wait for those you are leading. Instead, he turns to Rain of Fire, who is much better versed in the ways of humans. "I think we'll need your help to follow it," he says, with a slight grin.

"Well, I suppose you gentlemen could use a ride, at that," says Rain of Fire. She is just glad the street is rather wide. She focuses in her mind, and her body first fades, then bursts into a new form, with wings of flame that arc into the sky, lighting the night with their warm glow. The people of the town are not afraid, though. They know the steed of their Queen, who bore the Lady into battle against the Deathlord. They cheer, seeing their heroes gather to (in their minds) pursue the villainous elemental. Rain of Fire waits only for the Solars to climb onto her back, then rushes into the air, chasing the elemental with all her speed. She must ask, though, "What do you plan on doing when we find this spirit?"

"Ask it some questions," says Davron. "Find out what business it has sending the creatures of the earth to disrupt our lands." He glances at Ramar, then pulls an arrow from his quiver, twiddling it lightly. "Hopefully it will be reasonable. For its sake."

Chi-Yosh sideglances at Davron, as he watches the Nation speed by beneath the smoking form of Rain of Fire. "This is exactly the situation which I spoke of, Davron - if a spirit can redirect our workers to rattle our buildings, imagine what else it could have done."

"This is very strange," suggests Rain of Fire. "No sign of stopping just yet, either." The dragon's voice is surprisingly soft for her size, and with each word comes the pleasant warmth of a fire place. "Still, your approach may well be best. Many spirits do not wish to remember the place of the Solars." She clearly does not count herself among them. And she clearly holds a great deal of scorn for them, as well.

Rain of Fire flies on for some time, until the northern border of the Nation of the Sun is reached. Mount Metagalapa's greater darkness lies miles to the south, and below is a vast forested area, the spaces between the trees wreathed in a strange mist. A greater chill comes on the air for a moment, but Rain of Fire swiftly counters it as she speaks. "The elemental went inside, but now I cannot see him. I cannot see in there at all."

"That is because we are moving into a place where the senses are... distorted," explains Ramar, as he surveys the surrounding terrain. "As I understand it, this forest is reputed to cause travelers to lose their way, that distance means little, if anything, in this place. It is no wonder the elemental could not see this Silent Wind character..."

Davron nods, furrowing his brow. "Silent Wind... Silent Wind... ah yes, I remember now. It's a spirit of this place, a spirit of things both found and lost. This mist must be an aspect of its power." He shakes his head. "But that still doesn't answer what business it has with us. Let us go down into the forest, and see what we can... find."

Rain of Fire's descent is a quick one, but it is also oddly gentle. She touches down outside the mist, which she regards with a snort. "It's not normal mist," she agrees unhappily. She waits for her 'passengers' to slip from her back in silence, only speaking when the Solars are back on the ground. "I think I had best not enter. It would be seen as an attack if I intrude. The Princes of the Earth may rightfully enter this place, however, and perhaps you will not even need to fight."

The mist engulfs the Solars as they enter, and for a time they can sense nothing but gray. But there is a vision beyond that of mortals. There is a feeling of the world through the very stuff out of which it is made. And so one by one the Solars come to see each other. There is no wind to be felt. Even the pressure of their feet on the ground is dimmed, as if it were somehow distant. The mist fills the solars with a chill from head to toe, but the cool is somehow invigorating, rather than unpleasant.

Davron looks around, touching hands to his companions to reassure himself that they are present. "Well, we have found each other. But Silent Wind is a spirit of lost things, so if we wish to find it, we must find something it has caused to be lost." He glances at the mist again. "Such as the elemental that led us here. And the spirit's power is considerable. So... let us set ourselves against that power." And with that, he leads his companions deeper into the mist, contemplating everything he knows about spirits and elementals alike.