On the sturdy walkway leading from the tower to the Labs, Chi-Yosh, recovering from the blow delivered to the left-most Strider. Flanking him is the Sidereal battlemaster Crying Blade, squaring off with an opponent over thrice his size. On the adjacent walkway, Valon, having punched through the wall above the walkway, is in the process of helping Hellspike, Yurgen and Mountainheart into the Central Tower.

"Cover me!" calls Spring, as she turns right from the storage area and heads toward the dungeons. Zephyr, Yana, and Oaken Claw follow behind, picking off the defenders pouring from the doorway so that Spring can plow through them all the faster. As opportunity allows, they also fire upon the Abyssal striders whenever they leave enough of an opening.

Meanwhile, Coranna surveys the horde emerging from the labs with a frown, and as Wolf Brother and her summoned demon take up defensive positions around her, she begins to shape the patterns of Celestial Sorcery.

Davron's volo spreads its wings and, with a few mighty beats, deposits him on the roof of the ravaged storage depot, and his practiced architect's eye (and a few flaming arrows) indicate weak points on the central tower wall to his warstrider-equipped companions. Then he turns his attention to the enemy striders, and how to help deal with them...

From the ship has come Gallius atop Jin-nu, the Zenith Caste glowing like the noon sun. At her side charges Ulaiu, Corruptor of Swords and Shield Breaker, demon slave of Samea. Even as the four armed demon descends its shape twists, expanding and bursting until a titanous form is what remains.

Even as Jin-nu lands Kahime vaults from behind Gallius, her bone and metal short sword appearing suddenly in her hands in a flash of essence. She moves to keep up with the horse and rider, already knowing that the next move will leave her well behind them.

Ulaiu blasts a monstrous trumpet call from its nostrils and the face of the demon that glares at its opponents does so through empty eye sockets. The second face behind it stares with fiery eyes back at its master, burning still with hate only now stilled by the coming satisfaction of its lust for murder. The pair of arms that are closest to the foes stretch out, sharp talons twitching in expectation of the kill.

Upon the deck of the ship Samea stands confidently, dwarfed by yet another of her slaves. Ramalaris, He Who Slakes His Thirst on Bleeding Stones and Widow's Tears stands silently over her, ready to annihilate anything that might threaten his master. Under his ward does Samea prepare her next magic, her calm spirit showing no signs of being troubled even here.

The airship soars above the battle, staying out of easy reach of the hordes of zombies. Ramar is behind the helm, focusing on the battle below. Essence-enhanced senses bring him news of the positions beneath him, and the others on his team stand at the ready on deck. The moment an opportune target presents itself, the ship will descend... until then, they wait. Ramar especially is wary of the demons aboard, their stench, their warped and hideous forms grating on his heightened senses. _I will be glad when this day is over._

There is a moment's pause in the onrush of Ulaiu and Jin-nu, followed by a motion of abrupt, decisive action. The demon extends a massive claw and in one horribly fast motion throws Jin-nu like a stone towards the warstrider that stands between Crying Blade and Chi-Yosh.

As Gallius soars at her target she spins herself forward, leaving the back of Jin-nu and pivoting to grab hold of her steed's horn in mid-air. Her back to the ground, she braces the butt of her spear against her shoulder and places her feet upon the powerful shoulders of Jin-nu, preparing to shatter her foe with the force of this charge.

Ulaiu storms forward after it has thrown its ally, the demon's mind lost to battelust. He storms quickly towards the warstrider that faces Crying Blade, its course not concluded, but its intent most clear: to charge full-tilt into this foe in a few moments.

Kahime leaves plenty of room for the demon to charge past. The striders are hardly her size, but she pursues in any case, knowing in her heart that the true foes have not yet revealed themselves. She keeps her eyes open and stays alert, holding herself back in case another force should reveal itself and need her ungentle attentions.

A stray undead soldier running past the _Pride of the Nation is snagged from the herd and upended, swong like a club at the Dark strider Chi-Yosh squares off against. The Soul-steel vehicle intercepts with a block of the crackling blade, disintegrating the zombie into a gory mess that splashes across the driver's viewing field. As the pilot moves to wipe its view clean, the _Pride of the Nation_ dives forward and twists, the heavy bulk swaying to one side as an arm hooks into the crook of the Dark strider's limb. A pivot diverts all of the momentum into the Noble vehicle, hurling it brutally towards the central mobile armor Gallius lanced._

_After crashing into her foe, Gallius shoves at her lance one more time, using the energy of the nudge to cast herself upward and onto Jin-nu's back once more. As she settles she catches the oncoming wrath of her foes and with the green sun of the underworld glinting off her eyes whirls her spear on the impulse of pure essence to meet their attacks._

_A sickly green-yellowish fluid has erupted from two of the Dark Warstriders where the Solars' attacks hit. This isn't the lubricant or transfer-fluid they have seen in their own unit; perhaps the forces of darkness have designed their machines in a different way. Or perhaps what is in in the pilots' chamber is better left unguessed.. Nevertheless the armors rally like they haven't been hurt at all, responding with swift and devastatingly accurate strokes from their lightning-driven talons._

_Chips of black rock spray into the air from the feet of one of the units as its mechanical mucles whine with the effort of its movement toward Chi-Yosh. An ear-splitting clanging echoes across the mountain fortress as the thing's arm is caught between two of the Solar's own substitute-hands, and the Dark Strider is yanked off balance and nearly crushes Crying Blade with the force of the jerk the Solar gives to it._

_Aside from the Dark Striders, many of the infantry and guardsmen now swarming the catwalks - those not attempting to reach the roofs of the different buildings, that is - are armed with bows and use them now, sending accurately-aimed volleys of arrows at the Solars and their Exalted allies. A few almost hit, but for the most part this is a futile effort._

_As Davron swerves out of the way of a handful of arrows, his watchful eye determines that the soulsteel armor of the Abyssal war machines is far too tough for his mundane arrow-tips, and his only hope of striking the foes inside is to get a deadly blow through a visor or crevice. Accordingly, he gathers his Essence around him as he draws the weapon, using Helios' blessing to guide his hand as he looses the arrow._

_The Lunar Hellspike, Yurgen, and the jade-armored Mountainheart have all disappeared into the shattered side of the central tower. Meanwhile, Spring, Zephyr, Oaken Claw and their Solar companion Yana have disappeared into the dungeon complex, leaving on the walkway behind them a line of corpses. The soldiers seem to be forming up into units on the walkways, and their commanders are barking orders in a strange tongue._

_Davron grimaces as the arrow plinks harmlessly off the side of the enemy strider's helm. Either the range is too great, or the foe's struggles in Chi-Yosh's grip move it around just too much for him to get a clear shot at the visor. Instead, he contents himself with picking off a few of the enemy commanders, hoping to send their lines into enough disarray to give Coranna time to complete her spell - and waits for a chance to strike a more telling blow against the fortress' defenders._

_For a few moments, the battle of strength wages between the Noble strider and its Royal captur, but skill and superior craftsmanship prove the better of the Soulsteel machine. Essence spills over the _Pride of the Nation_, before the dark strider's weight is dragged behind one great step. Power floods the hydraulics of the great machine as Chi-Yosh bends, and launches himself towards Valon's walkway, hauling the Soulsteel machine behind. A mid-air wrench, blazing with a solar flare, shoves the Noble machine first, into the metal walkway, and the ground beneath to provide Chi-Yosh with a target to land, both feet sailing in with a stomping kick._

_The walkway shatters into fragments with the explosive force of the throw and its immediate follow-up landing. Both war-machines plummet toward the rocky, sharply spiked stone of the butte, yards below the walkways, and a crash echoes across the valley with the violence of impact._

_Impacting the ground leaves the Dark Strider with a misshapen arm, gears and parts strewn across the spikey earth below, a leg crunched beneath its mass, and cracks running through the visor area, fluid oozing out. Orichalcum and Alabaster plant themselves into the shoulder and 'groin' of the strider, the impact jarring Chi-Yosh's teeth enough to draw blood. Rock, dirt, and soulsteel gears erupt in a shower around him, falling down to litter the crater where he and the machine once stood. The front of the Strider tears open like an over-ripened fruit, geysering a greenish-yellow fluid before washing away to expose the piloting cavity, where a lump of flesh and bone, limbs sewn into the strider straps is exposed, long ago "expiring". Agast, the Solar stands a moment, before tearing a mechanical leg off, and climbing from the pit._

_The airship darts swiftly through the air, descending from above the Central tower. Those aboard the ship brace themselves, the demon guards moving to secure their charge. The soldiers on the walkways look up, masked by shadow briefly, as the ship flies over the walkway, almost scraping over the stone as Ramar directs it towards their foes._

_Meanwhile, with a final emphatic gesture, Coranna sets half the battlefield to rumbling ominously, sending the less-securely footed soldiers tumbling off their feet. But this is merely a harbinger of things to come, as ten ruddy glowing tentacles erupt from the craggy rock with a tremendous roar of stone and earth. The tentacles move with an uncanny life of their own, scything over every walkway on the southwestern reaches of the fortress and setting zombie and mortal soldiers aflame as it flings them screaming to the rock below._

_Many soldiers fall screaming from the dungeon walkways as Ramar expertly skids his airship almost over the stone itself. Those that are on other walkways must now contend with the sudden emergence of the writhing kraken's tentacles that seek to brush them away like gnats._

_The Nation's Queen sets astride her steed, facing her foe less like a woman and more as if she were indeed the Lance of Helios, her eyes afire and glinting with the growing strength of her raging anima banner._

_With no warning at all the Zenith Caste is in motion, Jin-nu forcing the issue with the warstrider they had struck at before. The violent motions are like a dance, with rider and steed diving first with a hastened step, the spear of Queen Gallius striking through the armor of the cumbersome foe._

_Swiftly Jin-nu rears back, and Gallius spins her blade from the target, twirling it in a second vicious slash at the hideous enemy. The motion is far from over. As the light of the green sun strives to be revealed on the glinting orichalcum Gallius stops its motion slamming it downward against the warstrider as Jin-nu's front hooves slam once more against the surface of the walkway with a palpable impact._

_Gallius's first blow cracks the armor, the second nearly shatters it, and the third causes it to erupt in a violent gout of greenish ichor, bits of the armor scattering like shrapnel as the incredible force of the Solar's essence-bolstered muslces are brought to bear. In the end, the warrior of Helios stands silently above her shattered foe, glaring at it in disgust._

_Samea's eyes suddenly grow wide and with a harsh arcane gesture the stones where walkway meets the Sentry Tower bursts into essence-formed flames. Instantly the blaze spreads, coating the stone as if it were kindling to feed the endless hunger of the fire and spreading out quickly to sate its appetite still more._

_Ulaiu comes on with a another thunderous blast of its nostrils, or perhaps the first has simply risen now above the din of battle once more, tearing through the cries of defender and attacker both. There is no grace in the demon, which seeks to plow mindlessly into the warstrider that has turned its attentions upon Gallius. The two claws nearest the strider lunge out as one, seeking to tear the armor apart._

_Until now, Valon has been preoccupied with the Central Tower; breaking it open, helping others in, grabbing soldiers from inside and chucking them across the yard. Once free, he glances back at all the destruction wrot around him, and finds it time to join the fray. With little room for a running jump, he leaps towards the main walkway, and turns to shove both fists off the tower wall to give him an extra **umph**. Arms and legs curl underneath him, turning the strider into a whirling wrecking ball aimed at a Soulsteel machine closest to the edge, a screaming woop the only warning of his oncoming presence._

_"You fools!" comes a harsh voice from atop the central tower. Kahime, in the midst of her nimble and highly evasive attack on the soldiers rushing to flank Gallius, spares a moment to look up. So do a few others of the assault force. Standing on the summit of the tower is a robed, iron-masked figure who raises a steel-shod staff to the dark skies of the Underworld. From the massed clouds that drift overhead, a shaft of ebon lightning strikes the ground. Bolts of blackness sear their way over the rocky terrain on which dozens of soldiers have expired thanks to Ramar's piloting and the waving tendrils of the magma kraken. And from the numerous bodies, ghosts begin to rise, as insubstantial as a dream, as terrifying as a nightmare._

_With his dire pronouncement, and with the completion of his dark magic, the sinister necromancer disappears into a hidden man-sized hatch atop the tower. It seems he has no interest in presenting a target out here; the hungry ghosts his black lightning called up will do his job for him._

_While Gallius glares up at her enemy the demon Ulaiu continues its attack. Its wrath has stolen from it any sense of place or time, there is only the enemy and those who are not to be killed. Valon's presence is registered much like one might notice a piece of furniture that stands in the way. It is avoided, but otherwise of no relevance. Claws glowing red like fire, burning hotter than brands to match the hate of the second circle demon strike out at the last warstrider in a flurry._

_Samea's attention shifts to the ghosts, a frown coming to her lips. For now, she holds back her sorcerous powers, waiting for the hatch to open impatiently and worrying over the fate of Yurgen who is inside._

_The hesitation of Gallius ends like the crack of a whip. She digs her heels into the side of Jin-nu and gestures to the central tower. With the wind whistling about her Gallius folds herself over Jin-nu's back, the brilliant glow of the Zenith being swallowed ominously by the shattered entrance of the tower as Jin-nu leaps inside._

_As the spirits rise, Vanda screams to Ramar to turn the ship broadside. The Solar listens, and Vanda runs to the side, essence boiling over in his gut to spill out in a consuming wave over the gathering dead. The blast is aimed away from the Central tower, sweeping over the walkways and in between whre clusters are beginning. Aside him, Spring Lotus releases a volley of arrows into the stragglers outside of Vanda's path. Swinging the ship around, the Eclipse spots a cluster of ghosts, a pile left by the kraken. Above them, a spark like the birth of a star blossoms, before folding outward into a nova of light, tearing against the ambient green Sun as the Essence-born blaze descends upon his targets._

_With the hungry ghosts rising all around him, Chi-Yosh needs reinforcements; his attacks are useless against the stinging teeth of the starving spirits. Charging across the uneven ground, he makes a swift line to the dungeons, and once there, punches into the wall. His hand then tears down and outward, yanking open a wide swath while avoiding crushing anyone beyond. Thusly exposed, he screams into the hole, "We have a hungry ghost horde out here!"_

_Kraken tentacles are now smashing through some of the walkways in their efforts to find and destroy the enemies of the Sidereal sorcerer who called them forth. The cargo walkway shudders but remains intact; elsewhere, however, pathways are crumbling into rock and falling. Added to this is the coruscant blaze of the tower that was lit up by sorcery, and the destruction of the fortress before the sun next touches the horizon seems a virtual certainty. The chaos is without end._

_Davron, caught off guard by the necromancer and his reanimation of the defending horde, is slow to react; by the time he recovers, the Dragon-Blooded have already begun to wreak havoc upon the ethereal army as only the Wyld Hunt can. Knowing that there is little he can do to help, he leaps from the wall, his volo's wings unfurling in an alabaster flutter, and he swoops toward the central tower, following the Lady Gallius into the breach._

_Valon and the remaining strider are locked in a death match. The electric talons are swatted aside like annoying flies, before the suited Lunar grabs hold of both the Soulsteel engine's arms. He begins to violently yank the noble machine side to side, then shake it so brutally the fluid inside the cockpit slams against the visor. Out snaps both his arms in a vicious yank, liquid spilling at the shoulder level as the limbs begin to tear, but stop once the Lunar simply headbutts the strider, staining his Moonsilver suit as the cockpit is obliterated, and the machine is sent over the walkway's ledge in two pieces, followed by its limbs the Lunar discards._

---

_

Inside the tower, Davron and Gallius can hear the sounds of nearby fighting. Rushing down a corridor, they discover the source: Hellspike, in his Lunar war-form, and Yurgen, with all the commanding fury that is his heritage, are battling four Abyssals. Mountainheart is nowhere to be seen.

The four are a unique assortment: a giant whose body seems to be composed of spikey black iron, with fists like piledrivers; a skeletally gaunt apparition in loose-fitting grey robes, bearing curvy-bladed daiklaves in each hand; a heavily-armored knight wearing a full-coverage skull-helmet and bearing a bloodstained goremaul; and a pale-faced and madly grinning warrior wearing a long, blood-red cloak that conceals everything but his head.

From under the red cloak of one of the Abyssals, dark shapes seem to dart, and Hellspike is thrown violently against one wall of the tower's inner chambers. He smashes into it, falling to the floor and leaving behind an indentation in the wall from which a few fragments of rock fall to the floor.

At the sight of the Abyssals and moreso over the lack of any sight of Mountainheart, the Solar Gallius vanishes, and her anima of silver glitters painfully bright, the pleasant glow of it taking on the edge of a knife in the eyes of those who behold her. What was Gallius is now nothing but the Wrath of Helios given form.

With a clear cry the Zenith strikes, Jin-nu's surge of motion carrying her forward like a roaring tide at the abyssal who bears the maul. The first swing scythes a perfect horizontal cut aimed at the head of her foe, the blade's motion continuing as it is sent to twirl about the body of the Solar, leaving her hands for but a second before she again is holding it and guiding it through a slash somewhat lower, towards the bowels of her foe and finally, mid pass, the direction is reversed as the solar suddenly lunges forward, stabbed the hungry tip of the naginata upwards, towards the heart of the deathlord's slave.

The knight's attention is fully on Gallius now, and he whirls to confront her. From behind his skull-helmet, glowing pinpoints of red fire flame, and Gallius can feel a chill seizing her heart as the Abyssal's contemptuous disregard of her and all her kind sends a palpable chill through the air. Strength deserts her arms; her attacks lose a measure of their force.

Like the fangs of a spider dancing on her web, the daiklaves of the deadly scarecrow cut into the body of Yurgen. The old man mounts a furious defense with his own blade, but the flashing pair of blades are just too fast, and the floor of the citadel grows slick with a splash of his blood.

The towering mountain of iron in the shape of a man wastes no time in rushing the Solar archer, a wide and unpleasant grin marring his ill-formed face. Dark Essence burns in a rush around him, and a black mockery of the Solar Zenith Caste Mark can be seen for a moment on his forehead.

Davron's mark of Twilight flares as Davron leaps sideways in mid-charge - and as he does so, rainbow Essence spirals from his boot as he pushes off, the tendrils spiraling up his leg, then enveloping his whole body, finally knotting themselves at the tip of his bow in a gleaming white point of Essence as Davron lands in a ready position.

The man's punches seem to be everywhere as Davron tries to evade, and just when he thinks he's back in his proper combat position, a heavy iron fist strikes him almost directly in the center of his chest. There's a clang of iron on bronze, and Davron is knocked backward, skidding across the stone of the tower floor.

Davron somersaults to his feet and draws his bow again, glaring at the iron statue. "All right, if that's how you want to play it!" he calls in challenge. Two arrows seem to leap from the quiver and into Davron's waiting hands, and two arrows are kindled with the blazing light of Helios as they scream through the air to puncture the iron monstrosity that dealt the blow to him.

One arrow strikes the giant through the eye, eliciting a scream of rage as it pierces - and emerges out the back of his head. The other enters his open mouth, and again impales him. Biting down, the deathknight severs the shaft with iron teeth and rages incoherently in pain and anger.

Rising, the two northerners press their own attack - Yurgen on the left, Hellspike on the right - against the deadly swordsman. The man is unnaturally deft, sliding like a flickering shadow away from their attacks. "Mountainheart went ahead!" yells Yurgen over his shoulder. "For the ship!"

As his iron-coated companion falls back in apparent pain, the red-cloaked figure makes a move toward Davron. He doesn't seem to so much run across the floor as undulate, and the Solar understands why with horrifying clarity as the figure draws close. Where hands might come out to grapple or punch, there are tendrils - tentacles, ropey and sickly grey in hue. They seem barbed with hooks, dozens of them, some already coated in blood.

Despite the protective skin of bronze that protects Davron, he can feel the barbed hooks biting into his body with supernatural sharpness. His blood leaves in a dozen small rivulets, sucked out by the greedy tentacles, and he fears that more may go to feed the ghastly things if he doesn't act.

Seeing her allies harmed, Jin-nu moves to pit herself and her rider against as many of the foes as possible, blocking those allies who have been harmed. Gallius, still lost in the surge of Helios' will, is outwardly unmoved by the enemy and again she lashes out.

The Zenith apparently has her own ideas of how to protect her allies. Her ire is directed against the Abyssal that had just struck Yurgen, and a vicious attack is sent at its chest, bolstered by the sudden twisting of Jin-nu. Gallius flows with the attack, gliding off of the back of her horse into a pair of serpent-fast strikes, her weapon whistling through the air as she spins it about her body to lash out first in a downward slash and then with a leap into a perfectly horizontal slash at the creature's neck.

Though the second and third strikes do not find their goal in the flesh of the enemy, the first cuts deep, and Gallius stands at the ready, awaiting the response of her enemies with the calm of a compressed spring or perhaps more like a lion at rest that still hungers.

Davron yells with outrage as the tendrils bite into him, and his eyes narrow into slits of cold fire. "You will NOT have my blood, foul servant of Oblivion!" he shouts, his voice ringing out through the corridor. He's unable to get away, but right now he would far rather snuff out the unlife of the tentacled monstrosity. Two more arrows are drawn, kindled with brilliant Solar fire, and Davron releases the bowstring, sending the burning shafts into the writhing mass at point blank range.

More tentacles emerge to intercept the arrows, but not completely, and one shaft sinks into the mysterious mass hidden (perhaps mercifully) from sight by the crimson cloak. The swordsman, heavily but not mortally wounded, staggers. Out of the corner of his eye, the skull-helmeted knight sees his two badly injured companions. "Get the Dragon-Spawn!" he barks in a tone that brooks no argument. The two disappear, and Yurgen and Hellspike run after them. "We'll leave this to you!" calls Yurgen, almost cheerfully, and Gallius and Davron are left alone with the armored knight and an inhuman horror to contend with.

The man then moves to his natural nemesis, swinging his goremaul in a wide and mighty arc. But even the power of his valor isn't enough to thwart Gallius' defenses, and he draws back. With a quick motion, he reaches for the grinning skull that forms the front-piece of his helmet and flips it up. The reality underneath is perhaps worse; a real skull, fleshless, with twin fires burning balefully in the sockets.

As the glowing arrow plunges deep beneath the robe, a veritable explosion of tentacles bursts forth in response, seeking to ensnare Davron in their mass. Knowing that he is surely doomed if he allows them to catch hold, Davron's anima flares brightly and his limbs become light as air, allowing him to spin round with impossible speed, running up the corridor wall and springing backward, landing in a crouch and swerving again, the glistening grey tendrils clasping on air mere inches behind Davron's course.

The Nation's Queen registers the words of her departing allies and turns her mind to the Abyssal who dares to harm one of her circle mates. For him, she has something very special, indeed. Whereas before her anima glowed like a thousand lamps, she is now wreathed as if she were not the servant of Helios, but the Sun itself, dominating all other lights.

From the midst of this glowing apparition of just fury comes two attacks, the blade of Midmorning Sakura only noticable as an edge of pure white extending from the greater disc of light that is Gallius. The first attack a cruel blast that seeks to cut a swath through the waist of the tentacled abomination. The next swings high, aimed at the very head of the foe, the fast motions of the blade utterly lost in the glow of pure unleashed essence.

The naginata tears a tremendous series of wounds through Davron's assailant, and as he falls, the cloak falls away - revealing little below the man's chest but tentacles, pseudopodia, and other inhuman appendages. These retract as he meets the corridor floor heavily, gradually filling themselves out into more familiar limbs. The faint glow of a corrupted Night Caste Mark flickers on his brow, and then his Essence is still.

Davron breathes heavily as Gallius' gleaming blade puts the Abyssal to its end, and he says a brief prayer to Helios for mercy upon the man's blasted soul. A heartbeat is all he can spare for his fallen foe, though, not when another remains standing. Davron looks at the burning eye-sockets, and even his indomitable spirit quails. Rallying, he somersaults backward, putting some distance between himself and the hell-knight, and then putting some arrows between them as well, as if to warn him off. "Back!" he calls. "Back, or you will meet the same fate!"

Undaunted, the knight glares with his fiery eyes, and Davron feels the same cold chill rush through him that hindered Gallius before. While a weak arrow makes a hollow ringing sound against his faintly moaning armor, the creature raises his goremaul and brings it down like the wrath of a dark god.

But the brilliance of Helios outshines even the darkest gods, and so His Spear meets it just before it strikes home, the hungry weapon brushing the hair of Gallius as she drives it away. "I have come from the heavens with a message for you," she says in a calm tone. "Absolution can be yours. Lay down your arms and break your chains, or be broken by them."

The knight backs off, and the skull's jaw gives the uncanny impression of a sardonic smile. "You are loyal to your god?" he asks, in his voice of command and confidence.

"I am my God's will made manifest," answers Gallius. "Helios is many things, as are his Chosen. If it is your will, you can be free to make your own choice, but make your decision swiftly, for we must be away from this dark place."

"And your reply, if I asked this of you?" the knight asks, interest edging into his voice. "Join us, and win honor and glory. What would you say to this?"

"I would refuse," says Gallius. "Your side offers neither honor nor glory. Only Oblivion lies with you. Am I answered?" Gallius rises on one foot, her spear balanced in her arm, at the ready for attack, should it be required. Here there is only absolution or the full weight of judgement.

"I will see what honor you have," the knight answers quietly. And so saying, he drops his ghastly visor back over his even more ghastly visage, and calmly tosses his goremaul to the ground. Turning, he faces away from the two Solars, his arms at his side, his posture relaxed. "Do what you have come here to do."

"And so you shall live still in shackles," says Gallius. She pauses to consider, turning to Davron, but not truly seeing him. She speaks as if she were somewhere else, seeing things that are not there. "Yes. Of course." She turns to go away, but shivers there, as if lost in something. Moments pass and she doesn't move, but to sharp ears her whispers can be heard. "Can I leave him? Can I leave a child here? Can he even make his choice bathed in darkness? In a moment with no warning, no forethought?" She shakes her head and lifts her foot, but remains there, finally turning. "NO!" she declares loudly in a strangely accented voice. She walks up to the abyssal knight and with one essence-empowered arm hefts him over her shoulder, pinning him there. She digs a foot under the maul and kicks it towards Davron. "Take that, as well. If he wishes to return he will want it," she says in that same, odd voice.

The Abyssal grunts but does not resist. "I am your prisoner now," is all he murmurs, confident that this message will be enough to warn Gallius of the risk she has undertaken.

Davron is startled by Gallius' sudden movement, and indeed taken aback by her choice, but he kneels to pick up the dark hammer, grimacing at the distorted faces trapped within. He follows behind the Nation's Queen in silence, his expression impassive. Open disagreement with her in the presence of the Deathknight is dismissed outright, but in his heart Davron replies, _I hope you're right about this, Lady Gallius..._

_