"I'm not caught, not yet. I'm here to get what lays at the end of this web." Ramar speaks with determination. He regards the being behind him, and asks, "What is it you want? What is it you hope to do?"

The elegant undead thing shrugs winsomely. "Stop you, I suppose," she lilts. "What else is there for me to do, hmmm?"

"You could let me succeed. Let what was planned so long ago, even by you, come to fruition at last." Ramar tenses as he hangs tenuously onto the threads of fate. Though he does his best to not show it... his mind races, trying to decide what he can do to prevent the undead thing from stopping him... he's come so far, to fail now... it cannot happen.

"Planned? This? You crazy fool, you're delusional. Too much sun will do that to you." The Princess Magnificent tsk-tsks, as though chiding a child.

"Maybe. But ask yourself this... what is it you hope to stop me from doing," answers Ramar, "What would have you waiting by these threads for someone to come along..." And as he asks, he finds himself trying to follow the strands of fate, trying to determine what would tie her to these threads now, at the end of all things.

The Deathlord poses the question to herself aloud, apparently unconcerned with Ramar's actions. "What _would_ I do? What would I stop you from doing? And why? Such difficult riddles.." She giggles softly, adopting an eerily childlike sound as she does so. "You see, I'm so unaccustomed to asking why. I am much happier simply doing."

The Solar continues to try and pull himself along the threads of Fate. "Then you should know, before you do, I am not here alone. Show yourself," he says, "I have come with the Spinner of Her Wounds... if you truly are intent on stopping me, you shall have more than simply me to deal with."

"Demon, do you stand in his defense?" the Princess asks, in return. The sibilant voice of the Yozis' lieutenant answers promptly. "No, hated one. My only task is to return him. I will do this when he commands."

"So be it. It is as I asked." Ramar shrugs his shoulders resolutely, and faces the Deathlord. "Then, unless there is more you wish to discuss... I believe it's time for me to continue, and you to try and stop me."

"You haven't yet told me what you think to find there, Solar," the Princess says. Her voice changes subtly, adopting a tone of supernatural command. "You will tell me."

"I'm here to retrieve your Names," says the Solar, as the words are torn from his mouth. He explains what they are here for, and why the spider is here... everything, down to the plan of the Deathlords. "And now, knowing this, would you still stop me?"

"Interesting." The Princess muses on this point. "What would you do if I said no?"

"If you said no... I'd go on. Do my best to reach the end of the threads and catch your Names, and say them once more," explains Ramar, "I would bring them back to Creation."

The Solar continues climbing, pulling himself through will alone now as he climbs the last few threads of Fate that are pulled taut over Oblivion. His hands shake, his arms feel weak and his body feels the pull of Oblivion... yet the Solar endures, and continues...

At last, Ramar has come to the end of his journey. Barely hanging on to fate... a fate in which he is present, he finds at last what he has sought. At first, he does not perceive them. The names of the Deathlords have been wrapped in destinies so subtle, so slight that only the faintest hint of unevenness in the strands of fate even alerts him to their presence. As he brushes his hands over them, he hears voices. Voices long forgotten, long wiped away from Creation. They are filled with determination, purpose, and the heavy weight of knowing what must be done in order to continue on. Men and women who gave up nearly all they had to bring about this one chance. Ramar focuses his mind, and speaks softly, a prayer of thanks to the long forgotten and long corrupted people who've come before.

The Solar's hands are charged with Essence, and he perceives the soft threads which tie the names to the threads. It is a delicate matter, and motes of Essence flare and flee from his Anima, lost... he reaches into the threads and harvests the names, harvests the cocooned bundles carefully, and stores them close at hand. He nods to the Spinner of Her Wounds, "Return me to Creation as per our agreement Demon." To the Princess, he says, simply, "Thank you. You've saved us all."

"Not yet I haven't," she murmurs. Gesturing to the Weaver, she speaks a guttural sentence in a tongue Ramar does not know, and the demon bows its head. It strikes at the pattern spider's threads, which sever. With inhuman speed the Princess seizes the threads in one hand, smiling demurely.

"You fool. You think the summoning of a Third Circle demon would go unwatched? The Yozis will help me stop you, if that is what I wish."

There is panic in the Solar's eyes. At this moment his fate is quite literally in the hands of the Princess. He slips as the threads shift in her grip, but catches himself before it is too late... "What is it you wish?"

"Your sworn oath, Solar!" The Princess' voice shouts into the maw of Oblivion itself. "That for as long as time is time, it shall be known in the annals of Creation that I was responsible for the downfall of the First and Forsaken Lion. That I alone held his defeat in my hands, and that it was _my_ choice! And secondly, that he fall first. As it was before."

"You could have done this at any time! Why wait until now?" Ramar shouts back, as he tries to climb a little higher on the threads, if only to steady himself against that terrible terrible pull. "That is all you wish?"

"That is all I wish," the Princess says defiantly, a gleam in her dead eyes. "Because in eternal death I will know peace from humiliation. That I could not have brought on myself."

"Then in turn you shall swear to bring me safely away from Oblivion's Maw, and let the Spinner of Her Wounds return me to Creation unharmed, with the Names I sought." Ramar struggles, "Pull me up, if only enough to give me your hand, and this I will swear."

"You are in a poor position to bargain," observes the Princess.

"Yes, but if I should fall, and the Names, then you will not know the peace you wish," observes Ramar, "And you shall live on, undying, knowing that you held his defeat in your hand and that it was your choice to let it slip away."

"It is my pleasure that you crawl toward me." The Princess Magnificent scowls. "If what you say is true, you have the power to destroy us all. I accept that. But in my last moments, I will have the power and glory of my station once again. Pride, Solar. It is all that I have now. Will you sacrifice your pride for your beloved Creation?"

"Ten thousand times, if that is what it takes." Ramar bows his head, "Please. I have come so far... please... I will swear what you ask, just... help me."

The Princess's lips curl into a sneer, and she nods, beckoning. The threads hold steady.

Ramar begins the slow trip back towards the Princess... even when he is able to stand... he crawls towards her, kow-towed. When he is close enough he reaches out his hand, his Caste Mark glowing, "Thank you, Princess Magnificent... now, let Yu-Shan witness our oath."

The Princess extends her hand as well. "I will honor this oath."

The words of their oath flare around them. Essence flashes from Ramar's Caste Mark, and glows brilliantly before them as their oath is witnessed and sworn before Heaven. Ramar pulls himself closer, "If it is permitted... may I return to Creation? They are waiting for me, and for news of your victory over the First and Forsaken Lion."

The Spinner speaks, though in a strangely deep voice. "We, the defeated Primordials, will permit this. The Neverborn are our enemies as much as they are yours. Their failure is our success."

The Princess nods as well.

There is a strange scuttling sound as the Spinner takes hold of Ramar. The eerie stillness of the underworld gives way to dozens of flashing sights and sounds. The threads of fate grow stronger as they move further away from Oblivion... they travel, and for the small eternity that it seems passes before Ramar can once again return to Creation, his mind races... _It is done... it is over... with these names we can defeat the Deathlords... I cannot wait to see Egress, to tell her that we've done it... that we've made it possible to save Creation._

---

In a final moment of fatal spite, the demon's threads unravel around Ramar, leaving him to scream his way down to the cold waters of the northern Outer Sea. He splashes down, feeling the water close around him with icy claws.

Through yards and yards of water he fell. His numbed body warms itself with Essence reflexively. He feels himself losing consciousness.

The waters part as he thrashes his way upwards, with each stroke draining more strength from his arms. Something ripples as he nears the surface, and Ramar's eyes focus on something plunging down at him. He feels something grabbing hold of him, and the next sight to greet his eyes is the bearded face of Chi-Yosh, grinning. "Too small, throw it back!" observes someone else - Gilthane, the Western Solar. The Su'Katan shakes his head and drags his old friend on board. "We've been expecting you," he says. "There's.. news. Time to go."

---

Chi-Yosh and Gilthane arrive on the Blessed Isle in short order. Ramar has lasped into unconsciousness for the remainder of the journey, his ordeal has finally caught up to him. "He's alright, isn't he?" "What happens when he finds out?" He hears words, voices, but makes little more sense of then until he's being shaken awake and the face of his old friend greets him once more. "We're here. Time to get to work." Ramar is escorted swiftly towards and through the Imperial City. Ramar looks around, and through the fog of wakefulness asks, "Wait... there was something about news?" "Later. Let's end this war."

"Right." Ramar puts away whatever worries he has for the time being. It is time to say the Names, to call the Deathlords here. Chi-Yosh says, "The others have already taken the Manse." They walk through the Imperial Palace, and Ramar guides them to a nexus of geomantic energies. He reaches in his sleeves, trembling with the thought of finally ending this. It seems almost too much. Almost. Servants have been sent to fetch as many as can be fetched. Ramar speaks.

The First and Forsaken Lion's name is intoned first. With its power the terror of the Deathlord is shorn from his armies, and in the midst of a bold charge his might vanishes, and those who followed his bloody banner falter, their purpose fading, leaving an opening that the enemies of the Underworld immediately press upon. His name is Ten Thousand Strikes, and before there was an Age of Sorrows, his skill was the stuff of legend in an age of legends.

Ten Thousand Strikes, Chosen of the Sun, Dawn Caste was born in a land long since consumed by the Wyld, lying past the borders of Creation in the west. His will was like iron in all things save one. There was a maiden that tore away his better judgement, and it was for her love that his name was stolen from him. Confronted by it now, the truth of his fate falls upon him like the weight of a mountain, and he is bowed before Ramar, unable to move as the truth maims his soul. Every cry of justice against his mad power rings in his ears, and he finds no comfort, for his is a heart blackened, and there is no curing the touch of his dead masters.

She Who Dances in Raining Petals is drawn next. She who would come to be Princess Magnificent with Lips of Coral and Robes of Black Feathers. Her history is tied tightly to that of Ten Thousand Strikes, for it was in desire of her that he came to his black doom. An age ago, she was one of the most beautiful and celebrated of dancers in the courts of the Deliberative. When it came time to perform the most sacred of rites, it was she who would lead the greatest of the Celestials in their Dance of the Heavens, and her voice would bring peace and joy to all who heard her, yet there was neither peace nor joy in her heart.

She Who Dances in Raining Petals had before her a long life, and all about her she saw hope and brightness, save in her heart, and the hearts of those whom she cared for most deeply. She felt the growing madness of the Solars, and felt it in herself. Yet for all her knowledge, she did not see the truth of the matter, and only in the very last moments of her life did she truly resign herself to this fate. There was little choice. Creation was falling apart around them. So many she loved had died. What was required to be done, she would do, and the greatest of dancers would never dance again, for even though her name and memory was all but annihilated, their was a reflection of her left, and it was abhorred.

She Who Dances in Raining Petals stands before Ramar, not bowed, though she is broken. She turns her eyes on the First and Forsaken Lion and sneers at him for a moment, and then the depth of every dark act, every loathsome deed done by her own hands, and even those done in her name. The glory of her victory is brief, and she, too, collapses in the face of what she has become. "My soul for the world," she whispers faintly in the tongue of the Old Realm. She Who Dances in Raining Petals, Chosen of the Unconquered Sun, a Zenith who has fallen into darkness and now faces the dreadful light of all of her days in the space of moments.

Next the Bhodisattva Anointed by Dark Waters is Named. With these words spoken, the Deathlord appears before the Ramar. "Nilath Yur." There is a flare of Essence as the Deathlord attempts to lash out... but it dies away. In the First Age, Nilath Yur was a powerful Sorceror, whose works enabled even mortals to rise above their lives, to see Creation as it was meant to be seen. Wisdom and virtue were the guidelines for Nilath's wonders... though... the madness of the Solars claimed even these near the end.

When the Dragon-Blood rose up with their fire and treachery, Nilath knew that it was time for all to be undone. Spells unravelled and Essence collapsed around itself as Nilath struggled against the chains with which Creation itself had been bound. In death there came at last the chance to spare Creation. In death came the chance for one last great work. And now that Nilath has been named, the path to dark knowledge that the Bhodisattva grew is shattered. Twilight flares upon the brow. There is time for a last curse, or perhaps it is a blessing... the words are old and their meaning is lost... and then, the Twilight ends and the Sun's light at long last fades from behind the Bhodisattva's eyes.

The Name of the Lover Clad in the Raiment of Tears is Elissandra. This Chosen of the Eclipse was Exalted in a time of peace unusual even for the First Age. Though there was seldom a point at which the Realm was in serious danger from assaults by the Fair Folk or demonkind, in her time even that minimal threat seemed all but absent. The Exalted champions of war found themselves idle and in need of diversion; and Elissandra's love of all things sensual, and many other aptitudes besides, made her well suited to found the houses of pleasure.

Gorgeous in architecture inside and out, Elissandra's Manses were a place where Exalted and mortal alike could indulge in their natural desires in both physical and moral safety; for at least at first, there were strict moral codes, carefully devised by Elissandra herself, to ensure that all those who dwelt in the Manses were to be treated with respect and dignity, and that neither the dwellers nor their visitors came to harm either in body or soul.

As the centuries wore on into millenia, however, Elissandra progressively degenerated into hedonism, and then into depravity - and as she went, so did her empire of flesh. Her Manses became known for bizarre sexual practices that would have astonished the madams and whoremasters of Nexus and House Cynis, if only because Solar magic allowed excesses that would no longer be physically possible in the diminished Age of Sorrows.

Then one day, a particularly exotic and energetic sensual experiment left Elissandra alone in a chamber filled with the corpses of her most favorite courtesans and partners. And she wept with grief, for she really had loved them all, even if her love was warped by her corrupted desires - and with horror, for she realized then that she could no longer control her lusts, and that she would continue in this way until she had slain everyone she ever cared about or would ever care about. So when her fellow Solars came to her, describing a desperate plan to redeem the souls of the Lawgivers, she joined in eagerly.

Thus it was that Elissandra lost her Name - and in a way, she achieved what she had hoped for; now, even death would not take her lovers away from her. But the tears she had cried, the memories of her sorrow in life did not leave her heart, even if she no longer wept in death. Thus did she become the Lover Clad in the Raiment of Tears; and thus now, when Ramar invokes her Name, does she weep again, keening a heartbreaking lament for the legions of mortals and Exalted she has slain in passion since the Neverborn claimed her.

The Bishop of the Chalcedony Thurible comes when Ramar intones the name, "Ralizar." In the First Age, there was a Solar whose words were powerful enough to alter the will of gods and men alike. The Zenith saw the world with an honest, sympathetic eye, and hungered to bring justice to all his subjects.

There was much war on the borders of Ralizar's realm, and to bring peace he conquered many foes, and with the aid of his sworn brother Wirlaan created treaties that at last ended the wars. Yet as the peace continues for generations, there was a cancer eating at the hearts of Wirlaan and Ralizar, tainting their relationship with growing suspicion. In the beginning, it was a small thing, but in the end, just as the Usurpation was drawing a net about them, the two lashed out with sorcery and sword. When the dust cleared, Wirlaan was dead on Ralizar's blade.

Ralizar was broken by the loss of one he loved so much, of one who had time and again selflessly given him aid. Before he could turn his sword upon himself, he was told of a secret plan to save Creation. The blade that took Wirlaan's life he abandoned lies still silent deep in a tomb that binds the ghost of Wirlaan, for its master would never touch orichalcum again. Instead, he cast his soul eagerly aside, longing for redemption, and only now does he perceive the true pain of that choice, as it crushes him with the madness of his insane teachings, of the madness that led him to think he had become the God of Death.

The Mask of Winters. The most ambitious of the Deathlords. It is he who struck first in Creation, who conquered fallen Thorns. When his Name is spoken, Juggernaut itself is shaken to the core. Nemissaries bound by ancient pacts are released, and the fallen behemoth collapses, unmoving. His name, "Suan Xi the Unmoving." In the First Age, he was a keeper of the Lore of the Ages. He knew great strategies, battle forms long since forgotten by nearly all things, plants whose leaves could cure or kill a man if prepared properly. This knowledge helped him to stand unmoved in the face of some of that time's fiercest foes. He held back a tide of the Wyld alone, in the West, and battled with behemoths.

In time, though, his thoughts turned upon him. The lore he once guarded so closely now served to bind others to his teachings. Where the symbols of the Sun were inscribed in his Manses, he had prepared words of power, that when read aloud would force others to do many things. No longer was he Unmoving, unchanging... he could see the same happening to his friends, to his foes. The grip of madness was everywhere, and it seemed that there would be no escape.

Death offered Suan Xi his chance at solace. No longer would he be weighed down with the heavy burden all his knowledge came with, no longer would he have to watch as the world spiraled out of control. His comrades had a plan, and he would play his part in it. Ambition that had festered within him in life took hold as he became a master of the dead. He knew terrible secrets, secrets that he'd kept even the Neverborn from taking from him, and thus did he enter Creation, ready to stand once more in an unchanging world. When he is named, his Mask shatters. Both beauty and terror fade from the Solar, who laughs and cries... free at last from undeath... only to know and to truly understand what he has done. Crystals of ice lay around him, all that remains of the Mask.

The Name of Ergion the Raven calls forth a chilling revenant, a being who seems like nothing more than a shriveled corpse, with an ingenious soulsteel contraption of wheels and gears and blades where his right arm had been. Few indeed even of the Celestial savants recognize him, or even the name Eye and Seven Despairs which this Deathlord had borne. So in death, thus in life. Even in the height of the First Age, few people knew the name of Ergion the Raven, and those who did considered him to do little more than meditate in his library. But in fact, Ergion was one of the most active defenders of the Realm; and for him, the adage "the pen is mightier than the sword" was most marvelously embodied.

Glorious were the wars on the Fair Folk carried out by the Dawn Caste; but more glorious still the wars they never had to fight, as Ergion would swear pacts with rival hordes of Fair Folk and set them against one another; at the height of his cleverness, he needed never fulfill his end of the bargains he made, for the fae would annihilate one another so thoroughly that none were left to redeem his oaths. Likewise did he deal with the servants of the Yozis; when he had need of a demon servant, rather than spend his strength on breaking the demon's will, he would entrap the creature in words, leading it to agree of its own free will to an oath that nevertheless bound it to Ergion's intention with commensurately little cost to himself.

But not no cost. As time passed, Ergion became corrupted without even knowing by the little bits and pieces of oaths he bound himself to; and he began to accept greater and greater losses as collateral damage, often sacrificing entire villages or towns of mortals to divert the Fair Folk from the rest of Creation as a whole, or allowing a demon to ravage innocent victims as compensation for serving Ergion's wishes.

Through it all, Ergion did not realize what had happened to him, but believed that his skills at negotiation were growing ever sharper with age. And so when his fellow Solars came to him, explaining that they needed to strike a bargain with the defeated Primordials, living and dead, in order to spare Creation, he took great pride in his central role in crafting the sutras that shaped the Solars' terms with the elder gods.

Only now, as the true nature of the dark bargain is revealed to Eye and Seven Despairs with the restoration of his Name, does Ergion realize how foolish he had been, how badly he had been duped; and he falls to his wasted knees, black tears of shame spilling from his empty eye sockets as he silently contemplates what he had truly given up, and how his bargain to spare Creation had nearly condemned it to destruction at his hands and those of his once-Solar companions.

The cunning Walker in Darkness is drawn with the name of Winds on the Ice. His knowledge of stategy was a marvel, and in time he grew bored of leading organized units in battle, preferring the challenge of leading farmers and craftsmen against the active Fair Folk of his youth. As age granted him greater skill, it also granted him greater madness.

He began to see all things as a puzzle, and spent weeks locked away plotting stategies that would shatter the peace of a nation. Weary of having no adequate opposition, he played both sides, and in his ravings would perfectly forget the workings of his mind, so that he faced his own stategies without knowledge.

Eventually this, too, became boring, until he was sent word of a new challenge, one so compelling that his immense talent would be tested as it never was in the past. So eagerly he cast in his lot with the others, destroying his identity to save Creation from a hollow future bereft of glory and certain doom for the Solars.

His talents again and again brought ruin to his enemies, yet the great schemer also was more than the Malfeans anticipated. His trickery and talents for manipulation pitted Deathlord against Deathlord, crippling his fellows and time and again thwarting their plans for Creation. Still, the blood that has poured over his robes is a river of misery that consumes him, and he tears at his face, caring not at all for the grand strategy that at last is complete. Perhaps the dead Primordials were not so fooled after all.

"Ophea," intones Ramar. The last as she was the first. The Dowager of the Irreverent Vulgate in Unrent Veils comes in sadness. At the very peak of the Deliberative's might she was considered one of the most cunning sorcerors, able to shape Creation with the power of her lore and forcing order into the very teeth of the Wyld. She loved to make great gardens and was more at peace with the beauty and soft voices of the earth than with others of her kind. The Twilight was known as a puzzler, and she was often in contact with the Sidereals. Few others ever knew where she was, save by the rumors of the spirits. Even though madness led her to hide from her kindred, it was rightly said that she had never lifted a hand against a living thing.

The slayer of so many beauties, foul mistress of the Well of Udr, collapses in agony at Ramar's feet. She reaches out, clutching at his boots and sobbing, "She has died, she whom I did not slay has died. Has it all been in vain? Is there no beauty I cannot destroy!" Her mind stretches back over her sins, and she thinks of the plan she formed so very long ago to destroy the dire fate revealed to her by a Sidereal so long ago.

The one who brought the warning to her appears in a flicker of memory for those present. The Steersman never appeared precisely young, nor precisely old, but his serious expression and powerful glance is unmistakable, regardless of age. His aid in the planning of the altering of Fate is revealed at last, and the magic he openly submitted to at the hands of Ophea is clearly shown. That magic removed his very memories of speaking with her and of the plan they created in desperation. The plan that would save Creation from the madness of the Solars and in the end, save the Solars in the next age, as well.

Now the Age of Sorrows has passed, and Ophea weeps piteously, for she feels the death of Egress keenly, a terrible symbol of a line of corpses so long that her mind can barely fathom it. She begs, "End it now. Please. Please cast me into the nothingness, for there is nothing of beauty left in me, and even death cannot set me free." Her words of despair ripple through the others, and some weep louder, while others strike their heads to the ground, moaning in agony. Their minds are straining, struggling to know every detail of what they have done. The price is more than any soul can bear.

None of the Solar souls are taken to the Underworld. The oath was broken - the Neverborn could not consign their names and fates to Oblivion after all, and so their hold on the Deathlords is shattered. And so it is that a dozen ghosts come forth. Panther, the Zenith Caste champion, is present. So is Kahime, the virtuous princess of the northern ice-kingdoms. Together they perform the duties of the psychopomp: the guide a soul requires to move onto its next life.

Midway through the ceremony, three arrivals are noted.

The first is the Unconquered Sun, who has brought the shimmering robes of the Celestial City of Yu-Shan. They are the same garments which Davron, Egress, and the others have seen the peaceful shades of the First Age's Solars wearing.

The second is Gaia.

The third is the Storyteller himself. Davron observes him taking notes in a book held in one hand, and glimpses the words written on the page. He is chronicling something, it seems. All Davron could make out were a few sentences:

"The third is the Storyteller himself. Davron observes him taking notes in a book held in one hand, and glimpses the words written on the page. He is chronicling something, it seems. All Davron could make out were a few sentences...."

Noting the observation, the Sidereal closes the book with a teasing smile. "Their tales deserve telling too," says the seer.

One by one the ghosts receive the choice of all Solar ghosts. Retirement to the Heavenly city, or a new life, apart from the chaotic beauty of Creation in Gaia's sanctuary. One by one they make their choice.

---

The war in Creation is still not over. Chaos reigns across the Blessed Isle. The vast trade-city of Nexus is in an uproar with the unaccountable disappearance of its leadership, the Emissary and the Council of Entities.

The Circle has the Imperial Manse. They have peace from the Deathlords. They have powerful weapons and allies. They have all they need to cleanse the world of hate, fear, and pain.

But most of all, they have each other.