Until the demon returns, the relation of time between Gaia and Creation is unknown. The demon could return in twenty minutes, or twenty days. The demon will likely return to the barn, having no way to track the Circle. As the most stealthful of the Circle, Chi-Yosh slides from the window every two to three hours until dawn, sprinting the three mile round trip to check for the malfean's return.

In the morning, Gallius is all smiles and chats amiably with the farmer and his wife. She of course compliments the cooking and does little things to help. She's useless in real cooking, of course, but she can move plates from one place to the next easily enough. Once the eating begins, the story writing begins..

"We were supposed to visit some distant relatives, but they aren't in the area. If they ever really lived here at all," says Gallius. "I guess all we can do is see if anyone remembers them and try to find ways to maintain ourselves as we look. Perhaps you know someone who is looking to hire workers? We are strangers, but we are not without our skills."

"What ken y'do?" asks the old man, gruffly, taking a sip from his metal coffee-mug. Coffee, too, exists in this place, though as with so much else it has less of a pick-up effect on the Solars than they remember from their home.

Gallius smiles, "Well, I can sing and dance, and I can ride rather well." She looks to the others, "We all have talents, but there's always room to learn. I imagine that someone around here could use some able bodies, if nothing else."

The man shakes his head. "Song an' dance won't pay for much around here," he advises. "And we pay nothin' to watch someone ride. Still, I've a mind to help you find your folks."

"Well, I can also tend horses, if there is a need," says Gallius. "This isn't my first time on a farm. I suppose among practical people singing and dancing are not so easy to pay for. But I don't think I'd disappoint anyone with my voice."

The friendly farmer listens to the four enumerate their varied abilities, but it seems that Davron finds the most favor here. Hard work from Gallius is not even thought of, so she finds a place inside the house while the men begin to do what must be done in the country: tend the farm.

---

The Solars have kept at least one person in the Sutter barn at all times, each leaving as his or her replacement arrives. About midway through the afternoon, Ramar is present when the demon returns. Per Davron's instructions, the unnatural being waits patiently while Ramar summons the others, and soon everyone is gathered discreetly in the barn.

Once Davron commands the thing to speak, it bows low, and extends a thin workbook of a type commonly bound and sold in the markets of the East. Opening it, Davron finds the spidery script of the Master in an introductory letter. There is much more written, however.

The introduction reads: "I've considered your matter and consulted with colleagues. The spell 'Servant of Infallible Location' will find anything made of Essence, including souls, although you must have a tie of Destiny that connects to the soul itself instead of merely to one of its incarnations. This is the best I can recommend." Following that is the text of the spell. Page after page of occult notes, diagrams, text, and even quotations. All are essential for learning the magic; even anecdotes concerning the use of a spell can become a critical component of that spell. And after the spell, Ice has written a treatise on his father's work and his magic, along with biographical notes should they become useful for recalling his memories of an earlier life.

After reading the introduction, Davron seems lost in thought for a moment. Finally, he begins writing another note to the Master and to Ice. This note requests a vial of Ice's lifeblood, prepared in such a way as to preserve its Essence. "The only link we know of that may be tied to Korash is the Blood of the Dragons, and the only Dragon's Blood that we know of with any link to Korash's Second Breath flows in the veins of his son." This note is sealed, and the demon is ordered to return to Creation once more, then come back to Gaia with whatever the Master should send with him.

The creature vanishes once again, and as the Solars turn to leave, they hear a rasping chittering coming from behind them. It seems the thing was gone for two heartbeats only. _I have returned with what you sought,_ whispers the voice of legions of pests, and a human hand whose true nature disturbed the nightly dreams of the Solars extends, holding a glass vial filled with blood and etched with runes of containment and purity.

Davron, taken aback, pauses for a moment, reflecting on what this may mean for the passage of time between Gaia and Creation. "How long were you in Creation, demon?"

_I spent eight nights awaiting your ally during the first trip and two nights the second time,_ the repressed buzzing answers.

Davron nods slowly, unsettled by this. Does time pass so swiftly in this place? How long have they been gone already, and how long will it be until they return? Which raises another question: "You have walked from here to Creation across Cecelyne. Tell us what you can about what would happen, were we to attempt the same journey. How would we find Creation across the Endless Desert?"

_Seek Cecelyne. Go to the wild places, or to the deserts, and begin walking, seeking Cecelyne. To escape her, you must .. assuage her,_ the demon's horrid voice replies.

"And how might that be done?" asks Davron with trepidation.

The chittering shapeshifter dissolves into a foul stench; as it vanishes, all that the Solars can hear is a diabolical laughter. Within moments nothing remains but a dark stain on the floor of the barn.

Davron's mouth is drawn into a grimace, as he turns the vial in his hand. "Well, I don't know about you, my friends, but I consider my question answered to my satisfaction. We will pursue all other conceivable means of return before even contemplating that route."

"There are no other conceivable means," Gallius replies. "Let's handle things here, and then we will go the way we must go."

After this interaction is done, Gallius explains to the farmer that some news has been found and that the group is going to head back to London, where they might be able to pick up the trail. She manages to lie a lot less than one might expect, just by being really vague about what trail it is they are going to pick up.

---

Davron, of course, spends most of his time on the painstaking and exacting effort of learning sorcery without the means to practice it, but some time must be taken to speak with the Circle's hostess. Without going into the unsettling details about how they gained what they needed, Davron explains that he now has access to a spell that could find Korash. "The spell will conjure a fiery bird that shows us the way to go," he says, with his friends translating. "Am I right in guessing that this would cause... consternation if it were to be seen by ordinary people?"

Haley nods quickly, sounding a little distraught as she answers. It's one thing to learn a tongue not of Earth, and she's even managed to get used to the idea of having other people around who speak it. Hearing still more about what these people can do has put her back into a nervous state. "You.. You will want to charter a plane," she says. "If you need money, I will help as much as I can.. but also, if you are willing to share your experiences, there are those men who still visit my family. I'm sure that one of them would be eager to sponsor your.. your expedition."