For the third time, Chi-Yosh has returned to the mountains above Syllum to meet with an old friend. The Solar is met with an onrushing attack from the green avatar, and for a time the battle wages. Finally, Patient Mantis draws back, satisfied with the Solar's progress. Chi-Yosh is ready to ascend to the highest tier of the Art of the Mantis.

Patient Mantis leads the Su'Katan to a place deep in the belly of the mountain. There in the womb of the earth slithers a great serpent, Coils that Grind out Gems. With eyes of yellow emeralds and scales of the stone around it. The Serpent, despite its weight and size, is quick and powerful, wrapping around its opponent to squeeze.

No more of the simple battle and guidance from the master to the student. The final stage must be discovered on its own, and how better but to keep the student moving, thinking, acting? And so, for the next two weeks, the serpent and Chi-Yosh wrestles. To overcome the great creature, he learns of how to slow cripple and slow it with the best place blows. Then, to hold the earth shaking writhes of his opponent. Speed, however, returns soon enough, and eventually the Dawn learns not to move faster, but to simply interrupt Coils that Grind Out Gems.

Finally, dirty and aching, Chi-Yosh stumbles from the depths of the mountain, Patient Mantis at his side. "I can teach you no more. You have achieved what no other student of mine has before." Tired, but gracious, the Dawn simply smiles, and offers something in return. As equals, the spirit and Solar travel up the side of the mountain, and later that evening, Chi-Yosh sits with Patient Mantis and Heavenly Aspect of Water, sharing the tale of Gaia.

---

To be successful in conflict requires preparation. The battle to come will prove to be a great one. In many ways, the most important of Gallius' life. Much will be decided here. Can the alliance she's worked to hard to create for this one task survive? She cannot know the future. It does drive her, though, to work harder than ever.

Even as she spends her days gaining physical strength, helping Dace drill the men, helping masons build fortifications. It is in these activities that Gallius loses herself, and slowly begins to master a way to turn essence into incredible strength. Day by day she grows more able to apply her power, until a sudden, violent event forces upon her a true measure of control.

When she is helping several skilled masons build a new town gate the pulley they use to lift the portcullis breaks, and the spiked bottom plunges down towards a man below. The Queen does the only thing she can think of: rush to his side and catch the gate. All at once essence surges through her every fiber, granting her strength far greater than she ever had before. The gate is stopped as if it struck solid steel, and held aloft until the men can again bind it in place.

Gallius reaches beyond this building of strength, however. She knows very much that her greatest weakness is to lose her weapon in battle. This leads her to study the way essence binds her to her weapon. The attunement of orichalcum to Solar makes the training far easier, perhaps, and so the Zenith learns ways to feel the presence of her blade even when it is not in her hands.

Still, feeling is not enough. There is a binding that forms between blade and user. Gallius learns this not just on her own, but by watching some of Dace's men train with their blades. A warrior handles his own blade differently. There is a familiarity, a oneness of sorts that happens only after the weapon is in her hands for a time. It is that oneness that Gallius channels her essence into. That bond that calls blade to owner. It is that bond that allows her naginata to become one with her even when it is lying several yards away.

Once she has attained this affinity with Midmorning Sakura, Gallius travels to one of the few shadowlands left inside her borders. It is not a large one, but there are stories of difficulties in retaking it. Gallius takes charge of the situation for herself, riding off with Jin-nu to see about these shadow beasts that would harm her people. Even as she goes the Zenith gains more and more understanding of her weapon, listening to it and speaking with it. At first, with words, and then with the power of flowing essence.

Many times has Gallius willed her blade to strike true. Many times has she slain men and blocked the will of those who would strike her. Never before has she put the purifying strength of the Unconquered Sun into the weapon, however. When she arrives on the border of the shadowland she dismounts and begins to prepare herself. To one seeking a way to destroy servants of the dark, there can be no better training than this.

Gallius rises after three days of silent preparations, her only actions during that time being eating and sleeping and studying the subtle play of essence in her weapon. As she marches into the shadow she sings, and about her life blooms, battering at the bindings of death to the land and putting in a few minutes the work of years of natural growth. This threat calls out those who are bound here in death, and when they face the Queen of the Nation of the Sun, she is ready. Again and again she lashes out, her very essence pressed into the length of her weapon, so that the foes she faces fall back dead or maimed whenever her strikes find their desecrated flesh. Only when the Zenith has completed her march through the very heart of the Shadowland and out the other side does she stop, looking back at the swath of vengeful death she has carved in the name of Helios. "The Shadowland is broken," Gallius says to her blade, and again she lifts her voice in a hymn of victory.

---

Chi-Yosh occompanies the Master to Yu-Shan once more. The Sidereal had business that could not be handled before in Yu-Shan, namely see an individual who was not there during their visit. While the Master sees to his business, the Solar returns once more to the Division of Battles, in search of Spider. Spider's question was simple: not philosophical, not metaphorical, but the honest truth. And after realizing the frontness of the man he seeks, the answer to his question is clear.

The plain-seeming monk is to be found in the gardens, far from the hustle and bustle of Heaven's bureaucracy. At the moment Chi-Yosh arrives, he is watering an attractively-purple flower-bed. Without rising or turning, he speaks. "Welcome back, Mantis."

"It's good to return, Spider," Says Chi-Yosh. He draws further into the garden, crouching to inspect the flowers being tended. There is a certain game to be played; the Sidereal knows why he has come back, and thus the student waits for the teacher to acknowledge the make-up test. It is only respectful.

Minutes pass in silence. The sound of water gently showering over violet petals, and the measured breathing of two men, hover together in the air, undisturbed by any intruding noise. Finally the Spider speaks. "I realize your needs are urgent," he says.

Chi-Yosh opens his mouth, closes it, then chuckles. "I would say something thoughtful about the passage of time and the need for patience, but I would be lecturing the teacher." There's an almost apologetic smile tossed the Sidereal's way. "I wish to learn the Sidereal arts because it is the best progression from where I am. My Circle, my Nation is making more enemies then it is removing, and while I am good, I could be better. The styles the Maidens' Chosen use are wielded against outside forces that threaten Creation. We are facing those same threats, and the style you can teach me is the best method against thse foes that I could use."

"Why do you think your Gold Faction doesn't teach you these arts?" the Spider asks quietly.

Chi-Yosh says, "You were the first I came to." The Solar leans back onto his heels. "But, like anything, there could be many reasons, for the Golds are Sidereals, with power. They may think we are useful, but maybe they do not trust us fully, or wish for us to find our own way, exploit us possibly. Or not expose their secrets to be used against them."

"Just so," the Spider says, then sets down his waterer and turns. "I for one prefer to avoid such politics. Which is why I am willing to teach you. If you are willing to be taught."

Chi-Yosh asks evenly, "What would make me unwilling to be taught?"

The Sidereal approaches closer, holding out his hands. Chi-Yosh can see faint traceries on them, runes of power tattooed onto the man's hands. "The path of the martial artist, like that of the sorcerer, sometimes demands sacrifices," he explains. Then, closing one fist, he extends it. "Rest your hand upon mine and swear that you will be my loyal and faithful pupil, if that is your wish."

Chi-Yosh reaches out a hand to place over the curled fist, while placing a fist in Spider's open palm. "I, Chi-Yosh, swear loyalty to the _Sifu_ Spider, to heed faithfully his requests as a teacher, and not question his wisdom."

"Very well," the Spider smiles. "And now I will tell you a secret." He holds up his hands; the tattooed runes are glowing faintly, having recognized and received the oath. "I may do no harm to any creature in Creation, nor may I defend myself against them, unless they come to me seeking instruction. The Fae and the dead are the only opponents I have left. This is why I retain my skills, and why I am trusted among the Five-score Fellowship." He draws breath and smiles faintly. "It may seem odd that I could be slain by an itinerant monk on the road, but that is the price I paid. You may find yourself similarly distrusted, as your own mastery grows, and you too may choose to pay a price for your art. Be ready."

Chi-Yosh finds it hard to conceive himself, but understands that with Solar Sorcery still locked away, and the Solars yet having reached their maximum powers beyond the realm of sorcery, that there is little else that can compare to Sidereal Martial Arts. And so, the Solar nods, but suspects that once the Book is found, he will not be the only one to pay the price for immense power.