Chi-Yosh stares into the yawning darkness beyond the small gash in the Dungeon's lower wall. Inside he can spy little else but blackness, made so thick by despair that even the Underworld's grotesque mockery of Helios reflecting off his armor can not pierce. So far, the Abyssals have not shown themselves, and there is no telling where in the compound they may be. With Davron's entire archery division inside - those of who could lay waste to the hungry ghosts above - word and a safe check needs to be run through. However, to go inside, he must abandon the strider and leave it vulnerable - an almost unweighable asset. At this time, the Dawn wishes he had a spirit companion, something that might offer guard, or attunement, or something. The moment of consideration ends with a great leg sweeping through the stone wall, tearing a great furrow. The machine kneels, resting its 'head' against the wall, as Chi-Yosh climbs out. While the material worth of the Strider is greatly weighted, the loyalty and dependance of allies a

While the material worth of the Strider is greatly weighted, the loyalty and dependance of allies at risk is far more immeasurable.

Free of the strider, Chi-Yosh can feel the Yurei Armor wake from its neutral hibernation. The mystical spread becomes void when worn under armor, but just in case, the Su-Katan had spread the material on for such an occasion. Its rush of Essence is followed by the kindling of the Mantis Form's signature beginning. It, too, cannot work under the weight of armor. Thusly prepared, the Dawn creeps into the building beyond.

In the illumination of Chi-Yosh's Caste Mark, some of the darkness subsides. The lower level of the dungeon is dank and ill-smelling, and as he steps inside, there's a sudden rush of blackness. Something akin to rotted, liquid shadow seeps with the speed of lightning to cover the entrance, and from the Hearthstone that he bears, the Solar receives the impression of hundreds of similar pseudopods lashing out from walls, floor and ceiling to attack him.

Chi-Yosh is practically blind, despite the Caste Mark's brilliance. But he can still feel, and the Essence of the Flowing Blood goes far beyond mortal senses. He jerks to the left and jumps, foot lancing out and trusting that there is a cell bar there. The strike sends him arcing back, until his body folds in half. There's a limb beneath him, to the left, coming in - rather than avoiding, he lurches towards it mid-flight. Grabbing hold of the thing, he pulls himself against it, using the limb's force to throw him to the floor in a roll, ending at a crouch at the base of a wall.

Having spied a door, the Dawn hurriedly towards the door. He skids to a stop while reaching for the knob, but becomes aware of the lock too late. Rocking back on his heels, he snaps forward in a single half-step that folds into a solid kick to the lock, shattering the dull iron with a crash.

Chi-Yosh is moving before he's even aware of the attack coming from behind. He slams his body against the door, limbs snapping out on either side to catch him in the door frame like a spider, even if his grip is slipping. Like a spider running on glass, Chi-Yosh scurries up the door way before jumping back, and leaping off the door, twisting to dive straight in and down, in an attempt to roll under the thing.

Despite his evasion, the thing behind him is a half-step behind. Its strikes bound off the iron-bound wood, raking over him mid-flight, and even descending upon him like a hunting cat as he skids to the floor. Its blows are ice-cold and sticky, leaving a stinging ache beyond the bruises that begin to swell beneath the skin. However, the door is open, and Chi-Yosh makes a head-long rush for it, exploding through and slamming the door behind.

A few puddles of the stuff made it through before the door shut, but they grow immediately quiescent. In the corridor where he now stands, the Solar can see a possible reason: a potent and archaic spell of warding has been carved onto the door, spelling out an unbreakable confinement for whatever evil the Abyssals and their mistress have locked away inside.

Aside from this, there are other prison cells connected to this hallway. Many of them have similar enchantments and wards written on their doors. None are marked or described beyond this.

Chi-Yosh watches warily as the liquid grows still. Good. He jogs down the hallway, stilling at the stairs. If Davron's crew has met with a problem, they would likely be on the higher levels - he hopes. However, as he trudges up the stairs, Essence swells inside his gut, before fanning outward, causing muscles to tense, then expand momentarily, power filling them.

One level up, the Solar emerges into a wide, open area of the dungeons - apparently a sort of guard barracks, if the guards are clay-like Earth beings with rough-hewn features and serrated iron weapons. There are almost two dozen such beings, mostly clustered at the other end of the room - where the stairs to the uppermost level can presumably be found. They seem ready to attack whoever comes down the stairs in an ambush.

Chi-Yosh stands in the threshold of the room, staring across at the golems. It is clear that none of the rescue party has came this way, as the golems are undamaged and still. Something has likely caught the others attentions, be it thick guards, complex locks or several prisoners. Whatever the case, two Immaculates and a Solar can take care of themselves long enough for him to crumble this level's defense system. Smiling dimly at the thought of the fortress spending time to replace their golems, Chi-Yosh churns forward, aiming for a thick cluster of the behemoths.

Chi-Yosh's movements are smooth and silent, until he reaches half way through the room, towards the left side of the stair. He has all ready selected a target, one of the great things with its back more or less towards him. Then the charge begins - a leg-pumping locamotion that builds enough force in Essence-charged muscles, and when nearly ontop of the clay creature, he lunges. Both fists plow through the animated earth to find air on the other side to grab the other side and propel him the rest of the way through. He hits the ground in a hand stand, legs coiled in before splitting out into the adjacent limbs of lifeless creations. From there, the Dawn is moving, weaving within the forest of pillars, before his run stops with a sharp, dipping pivot, elbow crammed just above the knee of an earth giant.

The golem explodes outward, pierced with the Solar's supernatural puissance. The magically animated clay of his next two victims survives intact, but he elbows a fair-sized dent into the last one. And now the creatures are turning, their slow-witted instincts giving them to abandon their guard duty to excise this new threat.

Serrated iron blades of gruesome cutting power swing and swing again as the slow creatures try to hew and hack at their nimble adversary. Nevertheless none of their black scimitars can find a purchase in Chi-Yosh's flesh, for where they strike, he is not.

Chi-Yosh had confirmed his suspicions: his opponents are slow and strong. While his Occult understanding said as much, seeing is believing. However, their hide is a little stronger than he anticipated. Hooking a foot under the fallen animation's sword, he kicks it into his hand, and surveys the five surrounding golems. First, a simple diagnial slash is dispensed to the Golem's shoulder at his left. But rather than evade the forest of clay around him, he rushes into the center of them, taking a moment to weave in front of two and make sure they follow his movements. The short dash ends with a tight dipping spin, letting the crescent blade eat up the momentum in a waist-high horizontal slice.

The resilient clay of one of the creatures is marred only superficially by the passage of the blade through it; the other finds its mark more accurately, and the golem collapses into pieces, with a wash of Essence rushing over Chi-Yosh to mark its demise. It seems that one must be more precise when choosing where and how to attack the creatures.

Chi-Yosh finds himself surrounded by a cluster of enemies. He shimmies near chest-to-chest with a Golem, grasping the back of its blade to make the clay muscle fight to lift it. As the others move in, the Dawn stops fighting it, and lets the Golem's strength lift him up, where he simply perches, and several moments later, leaps up, stomping down on the backs of two incoming scimitars, to change their path towards their friends. This brings him springing off the shoulders of one to land on the fourth Golem. Its weapon lifts as the distribution of weight crumbles the wounded thigh Chi-Yosh had struck earlier. It falls forwards, into its own blade, crumbling into pieces with the Solar riding its back the whole way down.

Two scimitars strike as one, and another hapless golem collapses into a shapeless mass of inanimate clay. The others fare better, but still can find no purchase.

Meanwhile, more of the creatures are rallying around, mindlessly raising their blades and awaiting the opportunity to cleave downward.

Chi-Yosh, once more on the ground, takes two running steps and viciously kicks into the chest of a Golem, and as the thing rocks, back, he runs up its body, landing on the broad shoulders of a neighbor. One decisive strike of the scimitar cleaves across the head, as the Solar monopolizes on the Golem's raised weapon; a foot plants on the upraised fist and shoves downwards, sending it into the flank of another clay animate.

Chi-Yosh's volley of attacks prove to be weak. The kick is landed in a place near no vital Essence veins; the blade's bite sheers off the golem's nose and gouges a deep cut along the collar; the manipulated blade was not aimd right, and only carves a distinct slice into the hip of the adjacent foe. The Solar's moves were off, or a little hurried, but either way he needs to focus a litlte more. From his perch above the still-moving golem, he plots the next move.

The golem being ridden actually sets its blade to stab upward. Spying this, and the others moving in, Chi-Yosh hops off his platform and executes a circular skip, weaving close to a golem before simply away, luring it back. Once they've made a tight circle, he explodes into motion with the first strike, jerking backwards as one scimitar races to the foe before it, and in the rain of blades the Solar jerks two and fro, before a wicked horizontal slash parts the cloud of upswept debris, causing Chi-Yosh to bow backwards to touch the dirty floor.

Four golems fall apart as Chi-Yosh finishes his acrobatic evasion, cut open by their hapless fellows. Only one still stands: the one that earlier managed to cut itself with its own blade. The othe golems stand distant, but even these dim beings are learning something from their experience: do not get too near.

Chi-Yosh rushes up as one of the Golems falls apart, its blade still plummeting down. He snaps a foot up, into the backward curve of the scimitar, sending it slicing through the air like a guillotine gone wrong, the blade implanting into an animation holding its ground. The Solar turns towards the stairs, finding the wounded golem in his way. Dashing forward, he swings a great upper cut, cleaving from groin, out the top of the golem's head. In the same motion, Chi-Yosh snaps his sword down, cutting the Golem's scimitar free, and catches it before it falls.

The golem parts cleanly down the middle, falling to either side before disintegrating into dust. Chi-Yosh tips his newly won sword to the fallen creature, before turning to find a pile of rubble with two swords atop it, among the clay animates holding back. With a shrug, the Solar takes to the stairs, now dually armed.

Chi-Yosh pauses half way up the stairs. What had initially stopped him from just running up to the next level was the suspicion that the golems would follow. Despite their momentary hesitation, they may just do that anyways. He can feel the masonry under his feet, due to the hearthstone, and finds little support beneath the stone of the stairs themselves. Two steps up are taken, before the Dawn jumps back and to the side, curling up into a ball before kicking down where step meets wall. Finding his feet again, a powerful set of stomps bring him up each step, power reverberating through each drop of the foot.

The initial step cracks at its joining to the wall, sagging into the room below. Its weight, nudged by a foot, cracks the other wall's hold, sending it plummeting to the floor below. Each subsequent step sends a spiderweb of fractures through the stair, leaving each trembling, before finally crumbling in the wake of Chi-Yosh's path.

The spectral screams of dying ghosts outside echoes in Chi-Yosh's ears as he ascends the rest of the stairs. What he finds is a large, intricately appointed torture chamber. Racks, spiked frames, and all manner of instruments for the infliction of pain are here. And nestled between a three-dimensional cage of drawn wire and a guillotine, both uncomfortably blood-spattered, is Yana. And with her is a pale man, dressed all in white, with a shock of white hair. It is not the pure white of the snow, nor the dusky white of a beautiful cloud. It is the shaded white of ice in the twilight, of snow over whom a stormcloud passes. It holds no purity, merely blankness. Yana has this being at sword-point, and the two Exalted seem locked in a staring match.

Chi-Yosh surveys the scene, seeing that while Yana has the Abyssal, he assumes, one is not willing to cooperate. Either she doesn't want to take him, or he doesn't want to go. Either way, time is being wasted. "What say you, tainted one."

"Don't let him talk!" barks Yana, quickly. In emphasis, she raises her sword a bit higher, touching the adam's apple of the Abyssal. For his part, the death-touched man only smiles faintly and raises his eyebrows, as if to suggest: _wouldn't dream of it._

Chi-Yosh nods once. He can all but guess that there is the bloody mockery of an Eclipse mark on the Exalt's brow, now merely hidden. Striding forward, "Your spark was once like ours, pure and bathed in Helios' good light. The choice to hide from that light came to the barer of your spark long ago. If you wish to change the path that brought you here, nod yes."

In response the Abyssal pulls back his lips in a feral grin, exposing fanged teeth.

Chi-Yosh walks closer, dropping his swords as he sidles up beside Yana, locking the Abyssal in a stare. However, he's watching the Exalt's front, focusing on the neck. Hands slide up, as he watches the Abyssal's death-tainted body move, breathe, pump blood. As he stands, that pulse slows down to a drowsy drum beat he can ear, the rise and fall of the throat around each breath like the lazy laps of waves over the beach. Too hard, he could crack the windpipe, too light and he could just make him mad. Essence coils like the Dawn's poised arms, furling as he strikes. Palms pincer in on either side of the Abyssal's throat, power radiating through the wound like cracks in a jar, just as the throb of the jugular is between heartbeats, and the breath has went out.

While the Abyssal knew something was coming, he didn't know exactly what, until he jerks backwards, chin snapping against his chest. Nearly topping, he looks up, lips parting, fangs wide. There is no voice to find, nor air to fuel it, a gurgly wheeze spit through the glaring canines before he sways, light headed. He can't think straight, the chamber beginning to rock with his pounding head, before the ground swallows him up into darkness. It claims him moments before fingers squeeze on either side of his throat, to make sure the blockage of blood and breathe is not fatal. Silence persists long before two sets of feet make haste from his unconcious form.

Initially Chi-Yosh intended to knock the Abyssal out so he would not provide resistance while they escaped. But after a moment's consideration, two things occured to the Solar. He had not seen the prisoner cells, and Gallius's original intentions were to offer salvation to the tainted Exalts. The downed man can feel as though he has not lost, in his home castle, but that may change when found in the depths of the Nation. While Yana finds an ugly manical of wire and steel, made to keep the mouth in one position or feel the pain of razors, Chi-Yosh opts for a more humane turnicit stuffed, and tied, around their captive's jaw.

Chi-Yosh turns to Yana as she hoists up the dead weight. "Go outside, and get Ramar's attention. Throw him aboard, then go where you are needed." The woman nods, before pausing. "What about you?" Her answer comes as the Dawn is collecting his swords. "I am going below, again."

Leaping over the chasm that was once the second floor stair, Chi-Yosh simply carves through the few Golems that have forgotten the lesson learned minutes before. He hits the stairwell leading down into the magical cells, and continues lower, into the dungeon's bowels.

Chi-Yosh stands at the first floor of the cells, pursing his lips. Warded cells make up a portion of the hall, interspersed with unlabeled, plain iron bound doors. As he walks down the hall, the Dawn's hearthstone-gifted perceptions reach into the rooms beyond, feeling what rests on the floor, feeling the weight and shape beyond, searching for humans. The warded cells block his perception, but to these doors he trains an Occult eye, regarding what glyphs have been put in place to keep what is in, in. While there is a chance that those locked inside are trouble enough to be locked by the Abyssals, or a threat to the rescuers themselves, anyone worth saving should be. He turns to a magically guarded door with wards on the weaker side, something that might hold an Exalt of lower power. He readies for the worst, and opens the door.

Behind the door is a girl-child, no more than nine years of apparent age. As light streams into the cell, she raises a thin and pale hand to shield amber-hued eyes, and her lips pull back to reveal a set of developed fangs not unlike those of the Abyssal above.

Chi-Yosh pauses at the door, staring inside. Could this be like the tainted one they had captured? Or some undead monster, hintd at in tales of Creation, and made real in the bowels of the Underworld? After his hesitation, the Solar calls out, "Show me your Caste mark."

The child says nothing; the only sound she makes is a steady, rhythmic breathing as she stares out at her interrogator.

Chi-Yosh's Caste Mark provides light into the dark cell. It illuminates the girl's face, showing the Dawn that she is wary, understanding what he says. "You have two breaths to explain what you are, before I shut this door on your chance of escape."

The girl blinks, her eyes unaccustomed to the supernatural light. "Papa," she gurgles, in a dry voice.

Chi-Yosh closes his eyes. If she were Exalted, she would understand what the Caste Mark was. Even if she were of the Underworld, the difference in his Caste mark from the Abyssal's would be something that would catch the attention, possibly. The light is different. There are lots of factors that say to him, she is an unfortunate soul. Or, something worse, appealing to his compassion. The first is better off under his sword, the latter... With a heavy heart, he closes the door.

Behind another door is a grizzled veteran. Though dressed in the ratty skins of a prisoner of this fortress, his battle-scars and bulging arms mark him as a warrior. The gleam of desperate boldness shines in his remaining eye; the other is bisected with an old cut. He looks up, and a smirk crosses his bearded face.

Chi-Yosh stares into the cell at something far more easier to read. "Warrior," He says with a hint of respect, "What'd you do worth being shoved in here?"

"I attacked the Deathlords," he replies, in a thick and husky voice. "I and my tribe."

Chi-Yosh says, "Where is your tribe from?"

"The Underworld of the East," the warrior replies. He rises from where he sits, working out a hint of stiffness.

Chi-Yosh tosses the man one of the scimitars. "I'm freeing some of the others in here. If you want to go up and fight for your life, there is a shattered stair you'll have to clear. Otherwise, follow me. Do not question me."

Catching the weapon, the warrior smirks faintly. "I go with you. But I will not follow you," he says, pride returning to his voice.

"I am going to free some things they want locked up, that you might want to kill. You try, and you will eat your sword. Otherwise, do as you wish." He steps out of the doorway, and opens up another of the doors.

Several more men, and a few women, are behind the remaining locked doors. All of them, without exception, look seedy, dangerous or insane to some degree. Nevertheless, most are at least stable enough not to attack immediately. Those few that charge in a berzerk fury are put down. And a few don't seem aware of anything at all.

Leading the prisoners up one floor, Chi-Yosh comes to the bare wall. He tries a simple, clear punch, and simply sends a vibration through the stone, and receives a few snickers and jeers from those trying to mount their courage. He doesn't hear them, calming himself, feeling the pulse of Essence through himself, even through the still stone. All the emotion, all the doubt, everything he can collect inside of himself is balled into his gut, and released down his coiled leg, emptying into the wall with a thunderous crash. Bricks blow outwards, before more of the wall falls in, showing the rocky terrain beyond. "There are some swords upstairs, guarded by some slow golems. If you are couragous and fast, get them, otherwise go outside, and flag the airship. Tell them to stay put." WIth that, the Solar is running back downstairs.

While most of the freed captives make their way willingly out of the hole, a few do brave the stairs up to see about weapons. And for Chi-Yosh's part, he finds another door and opens it.

Behind it, sitting in Lotus, is a man with black braids hanging down to his waist. He has a thin beard, unlike the others here, and is probably a recent captive. As the door creaks open, he opens his eyes - violet in color - and regards Chi-Yosh warily.

Chi-Yosh has a bad feeling about this. Yet, he calls inside, "Show me your Caste Mark."

The mark of the Earth Aspect of the Dragon-Blooded flickers faintly on the man's brow. "I have no more Essence," the man murmurs, looking directly at Chi-Yosh. His eyes flicker to the door on which the warding spell is written; perhaps a side-effect of the spell is to drain the power of an Exalt. A logical defense indeed.

Chi-Yosh is wary, but relieved. A powerless Dragon-Blooded he can handle. "What have you done to be put here. Be quick about it."

"I am a spy for House Ledaal," the man replies.

Chi-Yosh purses his lips. It is worth a risk. "Up one floor is a hole in the wall. Escape out, and around to an airship. There are other prisoners aboard, four Exalts, and a captive. Go."

The Dragon-Blooded rises to his feet, detecting the urgency in Chi-Yosh's curtness. A simple, acceptable nod is given as the man passes from the cell, and starts to run down the hallway. Meanwhile, Chi-Yosh is moving to the girl's cell. It had not occured to him something obvious. Maybe the fangs are not the mark of some undead monster, but of some lineage. The Abyssal above had fangs; perhaps she is his brood. Snuffing the light of his caste mark, the Solar opens the girl's cell once more. Opening it wide enough to speak through, "Girl. What color is Papa's hair."

Inside the cell, the girl is still waiting. "Papa," she whispers again.

Chi-Yosh thinks. If his hunch is right, then the Abyssal would know this girl. He should be awake, and his expression enough to tell. The Caste mark flares on his brow, as he steps inside. Reaching out, and ready for whatever may bite his hand in return, "I will take you to papa."

Carefully the girl wraps her arms around Chi-Yosh's neck, and climbs up to hug herself against his chest. Then, as though it were the most natural thing in the world, she opens her mouth to bare her fangs, and seeks to sink them into his neck. In the instant of his awareness of the act, the Solar feels no malice or hint of wicked intent; it's simply what she wants to do, something she thinks is normal.

Chi-Yosh's hand comes up to cup the girl's mouth. "No." He has an impression why she may be locked up. She may not understand how to act, or what to do; the thing that must be locked away. But whatever the case, she is his responsibility. "Not now," He soothes, and still holding the girl, leaves the hall.

The only expression the girl makes is one Chi-Yosh would interpret as hurt, or hunger. Nevertheless she makes no more attempts on his neck.

Crawling out the blasted hole, Chi-Yosh runs over the broken, craggy earth, and around the side of the dungeon, looking for Ramar and the ship, hoping the prisoners havn't tried to overrun it. He spares a glance towards the place he left the Strider, before doubling his pace.