Preparations for so many things take time, but with the aid of Solar bureacracy and a great deal of effort, preparing for a defensive battle and a war can both be achieved at the same time. The troubling question is that these events are going to happen a fair bit closer together than the Queen would like. She is just now returning to the throne room, having gone out with Dace to inspect the warehouse where fletchers even now are churning out a seemingly endless stream of arrows.

Waiting in the throne room, for such time as the inspection's completion, is Ramar. As Gallius walks in, he asks with little more than a glance how things are coming along. "I would hope," he adds, "All is going well?"

"All is moving along very smoothly," answers Gallius. "Things will be ready for what is to come. As ready as they can be. How are things with you? I do not know exactly what the sorcery we've already found does, but I hope you can find ways to save lives with it." The zenith makes her way to the throne, settling herself in it, "I fear for a time we'll be very busy just staying alive."

"Things are well. I am doing all that I can to prepare, I only hope it will be enough," is Ramar's reply. He moves beside the throne, "I will do my best." He places his hands on Gallius' shoulders, "For what it's worth, I know we'll stay alive."

---

Stormclouds at Dusk looks somewhat incongruous in the finery of the court of the Nation. He still wears his hide boots and long, filthy duster, and the broad-brimmed hat he wears still casts an unpiercable shadow over his face. In a fit of pique Marina attempted to re-cast the lighting in the court before his arrival, but the Abyssal's visage remains stubbornly invisible.

The man is equally as blunt, although he did the proper honors to the Queen, her Circle and fellow Exalted, and the other senior members of the bureaucracy. Now what might be a quirked smile hints itself from his shadowed face, and he lets out a chuckle. "Thanks for seein' me. Don't suppose I could have a sit-down? 'S been a long walk."

"Of course," says Gallius. "I imagine it has been a very trying journey," she adds. She looks to the servants, and swiftly a chair fitting an important ambassador is brought out. Once the abyssal seems to have judged the offered seat as satisfactory, the Queen will go on. "It is a very long way. I suppose you have good reason to come. Many eyes will be focused on this place, but I find the timing quite interesting."

"Well, ma'am, it's like this." Stormclouds at Dusk rumbles in what might be a chuckle out of the throat of a dead man, which isn't far from reality. "The Dowager of the Irreverent Vulgate in Unrent Veils is mighty sore about what you did. She'll be comin' for you any day now, an' we heard a good bit of what she's got in store. So me 'n him I represent would like to take that issue off your hands. And speakin' honestly here, we're interested in what you're doin' about it too."

"The conflict with the Dowager has escalated quite quickly," says Gallius. "And quite frankly I am surprised that one who has so much time has accelerated her plans." The Queen frowns and shakes her head, "It's a very personal matter between us. I do not think there will be peace in these lands until the Dowager has been dealt with. You can assure your master that this conflict is not the first step in a systematic destruction of Deathlords. As I understand it, your master may gain much if I am victorious."

"Possibly. But I don't reckon you much like him around either," grins Stormclouds at Dusk.

"No," says Gallius. "Nor does he like me around. But these are the things we deal with as enemies, aren't they. You knew this well enough already. If the Deathlords are so afraid to lose one of their number, they should restrain the Dowager. Strong as she is, I imagine there are limits to her power, however lofty they may seem. As she once insulted us, we have insulted her. Let us see how well she does trying to avenge her hurt pride."

"In connection with that, I may have somethin' useful to pass along," observes Stormclouds at Dusk. "I also reckon you aren't just going to pass along those boys you got locked up downstairs quietly."

"The time for their freedom is almost at hand," says Gallius. "Their fates will be in their own hands. If they do not wish to return to the shadows, we will aid them as we can. If they wish to return, they will be taken to the borders, given provisions to aid them on their way, and set free. But that choice will be their own, and no interference will be tolerated. Some may wish to serve your master. I do not know a great deal of your politics. The Deathlords are wise enough to not let such knowledge become commonly understood. So, what is it you wish to pass along?"

"Him I represent decided it'd be worthwhile to tell ya a bit more about what we are," Stormclouds explains quietly. "Mind if we speak uh, more privately?"

One of the Dragon Princes, Lau by name, appears as though on command. In reality he has been waiting in the wings for something like this, and quietly he nods in the direction of Gallius and the other Solars. Lau's sorcerous knowledge has been put to good use - in the North he was a defensive savant, specializing in fending off the satraps of the Realm and their spies. Here his services have been in hot demand, and it is his signal which indicates that a place of safety and privacy has already been prepared by his own hand.

"Will that suffice?" asks Gallius. "We should not have difficulties now. I would like to better understand just what your master is. I have heard some others guess, but I have not been satisfied that I know the full truth of the matter." The queen watches the abyssal passively, trying to understand why he would serve a Deathlord.

---

In the private sanctum prepared by the Terrestrial sorcerer, the Solars and their unholy guest gather. It is certain that Stormclouds at Dusk or an accomplice could break the wards shielding this place from scrying; it is equally certain that such an act of sorcerous power would be immediately noticed.

"Him I represent is a necromancer, a ruler, and a lord who wishes for justice," explains Stormclouds at Dusk, speaking of the Mask of Winters without ever properly naming him. "Here in the East, who did he overthrow? A fellow who was attackin' the Confederation under the orders of the Empress, may her soul find peace." There's an unsettling note of inside knowledge in that off-handed remark, but the Abyssal doesn't exploit it immediately. "Since then he's been cooperative with his neighbors. In ways he's much like yourselves."

"I notice you do not name your master," says Gallius. "Is that a taboo for the Deathlords?" Still, that is but a passing interest to her. "And there may well be similarities. Though I cannot say what it would be like to live inside such a kingdom." She cannot see humans feeling very much at ease in a Shadowland.

"Think of it more like... hmmmm..." The Abyssal searches his thoughts for a moment, then chuckles. "There's titles, and there's names, and they ain't always the same thing. Use one too much and it starts to become the other. But there's somethin about ourselves too. Him I represent doesn't much fear you takin' away his creations, but if he can't have who you've got now he doesn't mind you takin' back whoever the Dowager's got left. So we're gonna explain somethin' you'd need to do with 'em."

Gallius arches an eyebrow. That's an interesting proposition. She imagines wading into Deathlord politics is going to be far more tricky than she has first thought. All-out war is simple, but this match of guile may be more profitable. "That sounds very useful, indeed," agrees Gallius. "With such information I could more easily bloody the Dowager, it would seem."

"Ever hear of somethin' called the Monstrance of Celestial Portion?" asks Stormclouds. After a moment he continues. "Well, it's what traps THAT --" and here he points at Gallius, specifically at her brow, and makes a circle with his finger in a way suggestive of the Caste Mark "-- in THIS." And here he points to himself, gesturing about to fully suggest the rotted trappings of death-in-life.

"I am not a master of occult," says Gallius. "But you have my full attention, now." She smiles widely, wondering just why such a secret is being given her. She looks to her circle mates for a time, then back to the abyssal.

The Abyssal continues. "They're like cages. Kill one of us, we go back to the cage. Dowager gets her spark of Exaltation back. But kill the cage...." He doesn't say much more, letting the Solars linger over the possible consequences.

Chi-Yosh sits back in his chair, and continues to consider the potential. Destroy the cage, and the Sparks are free to roam. Steal the cage, and have access to the Sparks themselves, a potential key in purifying them. Yet, whatever the Abyssal may say, it still bodes unwell for the Nation. If it were exposed that the Deathlords were assisting in the Nation in any fashion, it would have disasterous political ramifications.

"And the spark goes free..." muses Ramar. "Or something like it... but... how are we to find this cage?" The Solar sounds a trifle concerned, though it's behind a layer of interest. "And what's to keep us from getting trapped in it ourselves?"

"So are you suggesting that the Dowager herself is the cage?" asks Gallius. She leans forward, having nothing else worth saying.

"Oh, well, not so much," says Stormclouds, sounding almost dismissive. "More that she actually controls 'em. 'S more like there's some of her in the cages themselves." He gives another unsettling chuckle. "An' some of the others too. But they're actual built things, made of jade an' soulsteel an' whatnot. You can find 'em if you look hard enough."

"And where would you suggest we look, then?" asks Gallius. "I do not think your master would appreciate us trampling through the Underworld seeking them. From what I've seen with the Dowager, that sort of thing strikes a nerve."

"Hmm. Why not kill one of yer captives, and see where his soul goes?" asks Stormclouds at Dusk, casually.

"There is no need," says Gallius. "I shall soon have many more eager test cases that will need to be destroyed," she explains. "Those who have submitted will not be killed out of hand. Do not think I treat life like your master." The last is delivered with more than bit of bite to it. "In any case, we will learn what we need from the samples heading our way even now."

"I don't reckon you'd appreciate any backup on this one," the Abyssal asks, in a sort of knowing, heedless grin. "You folks seem a might touchy about havin' us around. Not that I fault you."

"You are something of a challenge," replies Gallius. "And you are quite right. I do not think we can work together, even though it might seem to make things easier." She actually laughs, "Then again, I do not believe my circle has ever cared much for the easy way. We will put your information to use. It is not the most pleasant way to free sparks, but we use the tools we are given."

This seems to signal the end of the interview, and Stormclouds at Dusk makes more of a performance than necessary about rising from his chair. "Well-llll, I reckon I better be gettin' along then," he says, and sticks out a hand. "Pleasure speakin' with you, ma'am, sirs."

Gallius rises and nods politely. She looks at the offered hand, arches an eyebrow at the abyssal and shakes her head. "We meet as politely as we can, but I fear there is little trust that shall ever grow between us. We shall have rely on our magics to ease our diplomacy, since there seems little hope of friendship. Have a safe journey home."

Nodding, the Abyssal merely raises the hand to tip his hat at those around him, then turns to take his leave, whistling tunelessly.