It's a day of light and cool winds. Rumika and her charge are by the creek, resting after the short walk. It is just past dawn, the brilliance of sunset just barely having resolved to the normal glow of day. The young woman is looking around as she often does, but something keeps drawing her eye. Several miles from the sickhouse where she has been recovering there is a mountain, and for some reason, the tip has taken on a most odd glow. "What is that?" the young woman finally asks of Rumika.

Rumika is drawn out from her daydreams slowly, following the eyes of the young woman to study what it is that has her attention this morning. "That is the Singing Mountain of Dancing Fires," she says calmly. "It is a place of waking dreams." The healer considers her charge for a moment, finally deciding, "I think you are ready to make that journey, if you wish it."

The young woman turns from the strange vision to study Rumika. "It is a fair distance, but the climb does not look so difficult. What will I see there?" she asks curiously.

"That place can do what my healing cannot," answers Rumika. "There you will see things that will resolve those troubling whispers you have been hearing. There you may at last become one again." The healer smiles sadly, "I cannot go with you there, dear. In the end, the patient must make herself whole once more. The rest of us have done all we can. It is up to you to finish our work."

The young woman looks thoughtful a moment, then turns back to the shining hilltop. "I will go, then. Perhaps I will find the courage there to do what I must to help the people I once sheltered." She rises smoothly, but before she can step away, the healer speaks once more.

"You cannot find anything there that does not lie inside you already," says Rumika. "You cannot grow in any way that you are not prepared for. Take the walking staff with you. It may prove useful." Rumika turns back to the creek then, watching the water flow past.

The young woman nods to the healer, taking the staff in her right hand. Letting out a last sigh, she begins to race towards the Singing Mountain of Dancing Fires. The flowing grasses fly past her as if she were carried on the wind itself.

It is only a few hours later that the young woman stops her running and begins her climb. The mount appears to be no more than two thousand paces high, and for much of that way winding deer trails speed her climb.

By noon, the young woman is looking down from a high place on the mount, where a sheer cliff lets her look out far over the plain below. She realizes with some trepidation that she cannot make out the ribbon of the creek anymore, much less the distant house of the healer. For a moment, she wavers, but something in her suddenly snaps into place, sure that what is being done today is both necessary and right.

The young woman trembles for a moment, feeling that sensation flow through her and shake her to the core. She puts a hand to her head, wiping away grime and sweat. She looks over her palm, relieved not to see the blood she had feared.

Shaking off the odd feeling, the young woman considers the next phase of her climb. There is plenty of light still in the sky, but she sees off on the horizon that it shall not last. A flock of dark clouds wait there, their black forms occasionally brightening as lightning bolts tear through the air.

The young woman uses some creepers to bind the staff to her back, freeing her hands for the next stage. A nearly direct ascent across the all-too-smooth southern face of the Singing Mountain of Dancing Fires follows.

Many times the young woman has to hunt for a resting place, regathering herself. And every time she does, she looks to the west, seeing the clouds moving closer. The air comes alive with sharper winds, bearing the distant growl of the coming storm. For a time, the young woman trembles, shrinking against the face of the cliff.

Yet as the thunderheads draw ever nearer, something in the young woman shifts, and she can sense something inside clamping into its proper place. The shock of it nearly costs her her hold on the mountain, but at the last moment her left hand reaches out, fingertips clamping down on the slope like the fangs of some terrible predator.

Up. Up she climbs. She's afraid, but she's mastered it. Even as the first dark raindrops strike the mountain she's reached the top of the cliff, finding what shelter she can from the storm under a small outcropping of stone. She props the staff up, lashing a few withered branches about it to serve as a bit of a wind break.

For much of the day the storm lashes at the young woman, testing and breaking her shelter again and again. She shivers against the chill air, holding the staff tight, the protective branches long since blasted away. Time and again she flinches as bolts of lightning shatter themselves against the stone of the mountain.

By the time the storm has exhausted itself, darkness claims the sky. The young woman crawls out of her hiding place, hungry and thirsty. Fortunately, standing pools of rain water are easy to reach. For hunger, though, the stone offers no cure. She looks upward, admiring the stars and propping her back against the stone. The night passes cold and bitter, and the summit lies still farther above.

When first light comes, the young woman is awake and ready. The last leg of the journey. The cliff here is less steep, and the glow upon the summit has returned.

Yet this climb is not like the others. As the young woman reaches greater heights, she sees at her side the start of winding staircase, made entirely out of what appears to be butterfly wings. Curious at this, she reaches out, resting her palm along the smoothness of gossamer. Yet they do not give way, even when she steps upon them. Resting the staff on her right shoulder, she strides upward, barely even noticing that the sky has vanished, replaced by a cavern roof formed entirely of red crystal.

Though the steps are steady, something makes the young woman uneasy. The air feels strange here, and with each step a great musical chord floods the chamber with sound. Looking down, the young woman no longer sees gossamer, but instead sees something barely visible, and it occurs to her that she's walking on sound.

More and more reality gives way to something else as she climbs. She stumbles forward suddenly, nearly falling into a pool of sky blue water. She moves more slowly, then, the air growing thicker and thicker. That strange pool draws her attention and she creeps closer, peeking into it.

What she sees below her feet is the light of the sky. As she leans over the surface of the pool, she sees under her visions along the horizon, as if she were somehow standing below the ground staring upward. She draws back, eyes wide. "This cannot be," she hears herself say. And yet her lips do not move. The noise springs from the air around her, and yet it is her voice, she hears. Disturbed by the flow of sound, everything ripples slightly, then grows still once more. For a moment, the young woman feels herself tremble, and thus disturbed, something inside fits into place. This time the shock of it is even more intense, her skin feeling as if she were dipped into a lake of ice and drawn out to stand naked in cold air.

The strange mix of sounds that the young woman grows used to shift once more and she catches a strange scent in the air. Turning around suddenly, the young woman finds herself facing a stern-looking woman with grey-green eyes.

The stern woman regards the young woman with a sneer. "So you are what is left," she says. "Just a child." That dark expression fades suddenly and she smiles, moving closer. "Such lovely hair, dear, and hmm." The young woman isn't quite sure what to make of this stranger. Something about her is deeply troubling, though.

The young woman asks softly, "Who are you? Do you live up here on the mountain?" She tries to maintain a safe distance from the other woman, far from sure of just what it is she faces.

"I was you, once," answers the older woman. "You might say I'm your mother, and that I gave my life for you to exist," she croons. She frowns when she notices the young woman is keeping her distance, "Dear, why are you so cold? Have you no pity for those who suffered for you?"

"You are her," answers the young woman. "I know you, and I'm done with you." She turns away, the stair case that isn't a stair case suddenly returning. But something inside strains against her. Something isn't quite in place. It is only the reflection of a floating teardrop that sends her spinning about, the staff in her hand raised to catch the arcing swipe of a naginata in the hands of her former self.

What she faces is her old self. Or half of her old self. Only the compassion in those eyes is turned to madness, and that pretty face is a gaping, hideous rictus. Madness. Pure madness. "You look so tired, dear! Let me help you find rest!" cries out the other form, striking again and again, each time getting the blade just that much closer to the flesh of the young woman.

Outside of the laws of creation, the battle grows more and more trying. The young woman is tired and worn from her climb. The madness she faces knows no such exhaustion. Worse, the attacks now are focusing on weakening the staff that the young woman calls upon for her defense.

Soon, she finds herself bleeding from many cuts, attacks that were simply too much for her to meet. The young woman wavers inside. She knows she's losing. No matter how defensive her posture, the madness is breaking through. She does not lose hope, however. Inside, a fire begins to grow.

Warm. So warm. Soon it's more than just heat. She knows what it is. The doubt in her is gone. She reaches out, seizing that warmth and letting it suffuse her with its radiance.

The madness soon is met with essence-charged strikes, its offensive cut short as a flurry of blows rain down upon it. The spear is brushed away almost dismissively, and the mad one is laid on her back, stunned and wide-eyed, helpless. The young woman raises her staff for one last strike, meeting the eyes of the mad one calmly.

The mad woman growls, but is unable to do anything else. She is beaten and she knows it, but defiance is her nature. To the very bitter end.

"This is over!" shouts the young woman. The strike of the staff is not the deathblow. It is not what consumes the mad one. It is a sudden flow of essence, drawn through the staff, pulling out the last part of the young woman. With a noise like the striking of a great gong, the Wyld Zone shudders as inside the young woman the last piece draws into place. The unreality shatters like breaking glass and she falls down the stairs even as they crumble under her feet.

---

The healer stands out on the porch, working her broom with patience. Before sending the dirt flying off the far side, she bends down to carefully pluck out a spider, setting it gently aside before the dirt is sent on its way.

In this early light, the young woman returns, her gold and cherry blossom hair streaming out behind her. The cuts on her have largely healed once more, though a few will need Rumika's attention. Behind her, a feline tail twitches.