Now that the industrial base for the flying city is well on its way to being established, Davron turns his mind to its spiritual foundations. Vanileth, the Shogun of Artificial Flight, lives on a mountain far to the north - and even if it weren't the most effective means of travel, it seems fitting to approach his citadel by means of airship. Ramar's skillful piloting puts the floating pyramid within sight of the mountain, and Davron dons a volo's wings to approach closer. "Hail, Vanileth!" he calls out, within sight of the flying sentinels that guard the mountain. "The Princes of the Earth desire an audience!"

The mountain responds in a most curious and yet most impressive way. Two slate-gray 'wings', whose feathers are made of the stone of the mountain and the snow atop it, unfurl - it is as though the mountain's uppermost third was sheltered by bird's wings made of stone. Within this protective cover is a garden, filled with tall trees, and even a small enclave or commune of sorts. This spectacle can at least be interpreted as a friendly welcome.

Davron grins and waves to Ramar, then swoops down to a landing in the sacred grove, his alabaster mechanical wings carrying him in ever-narrowing circles. The Pyramid follows behind, toward a more open space - it is no surprise that Vanileth would make accomodation for a flying vehicle. Davron, meanwhile, waits near the edge of the enclave, both for the rest of his Circle to disembark, and for Vanileth (or, perhaps, his servant) to welcome them.

This is not a long wait, for the Shogun of Artificial Flight rarely receives visitors, much less Solar Exalted. The god himself is soon trailing across the stony path that divides his garden, resplendent in robes spun from clouds and sunbeams, and greets the arriving Exalted as they ought to be greeted - politely, as fellow divinities.

Davron takes comfort in the presence of his friends as they join him - but just as in Greyfalls, it falls to Davron himself to discuss the reason for this visit. "Greetings!" Davron says with equal politeness. "My friends and I are embarking on an errand to build a flying city, such as Creation has not seen since the First Age. And so we come to seek your blessing - and your guidance."

Vanileth's sky-blue eyes sparkle at this, and the god smiles broadly. "Come, come then, to the inner garden! We'll discuss this comfortably." And it is so, for he escorts them into a palatial mansion, through rooms whose meanest decoration would make a mortal king of any peasant, and out into an enclosed space where water flows and flowers bloom. Here at the center of his home, Vanileth gestures to divans and cushions. "Be welcome," he offers.

Davron bows graciously. "We are welcomed indeed," he says contentedly, taking repose. A fleeting thought occurs to him, as he considers the opulence of this chamber - what a difference, indeed, from his life in a small farming village not two years ago! "There are many things a flying city shall need," he begins. "I am an artificer, and I know something of the mechanical requirements; but its less physical needs are a matter on which I seek the guidance of others. I do know that it shall need a name," he says, nodding briefly to Ramar. "And it shall need a patron god, to watch over it."

Egress studies the surroundings closely. She is pleased to see Vanileth's wealth. "You are most gracious to accept us," she says, bowing deeply. "It eases my heart to see such fine dwellings past the gates of Yu-Shan," she adds sincerely. She only hopes that the Deliberative shall see to it that more gods are able to enjoy such trappings.

"The name, I propose, is to be Ranapura - the City of Gold; for it will be the capital of the new Solar Deliberative," Davron continues. "As a flying city, it naturally falls under your jurisdiction. And so we look to you to designate a City Father who will oversee its day-to-day workings in your stead; and to introduce us to the Court of Winds, for we will need good relations with the beings who live among the clouds."

"That I can most assuredly do. A young protege of mine, an, ah, outcaste from more.. centralized Celestial matters, has long been hoping to prove herself.." Vanileth coughs politely. A god thrown out of Yu-Shan, it appears. "She is already fast friends with the Court of Winds, no easy achievement. I will summon her forthwith."

A steady breeze blows, rising into a gusting gale for a moment. "The message is sent. She should arrive.. shortly." The god smiles placidly.

While the Solars speak quietly amongst themselves, and while Vanileth quietly basks in his own imminent glory, time passes. The winds increase again, and the god's eyes rise. "She is here," he comments. "Best to meet her somewhere.. open." He hurriedly escorts his guests back through the house and out into the wide area. "Her name is Katya Ken, and she was the goddess of ...well, you'll see."

A whining sound grows to a roaring scream, and the Solars all turn almost as one as they spot something incoming on the wind. It is a small nimbus cloud, and atop it is a human-shaped figure. It is a girl, really, with straw-blonde hair done into a pigtail hanging down from the left side of her head, dressed in a costume whose colors would shame a peacock. She is doing the screaming, and it seems she is bound to plow right into the 'deck' of Vanileth's home.

The Exalted are fortunately skilled enough to avoid the kamikaze as she strikes the ground at high speed and tumbles off her cloud, which explodes into a haze of mist. She lands crouched, on all fours, skidding across the rocky soil of the mountaintop retreat, and rises with a madwoman's grin on her comely face. "... Goddess of abrupt and rude arrivals, as I was saying," Vanileth completes, phlegmatically. "Quite auspicious for your city's sudden emergence, I think."

Katya Ken, meanwhile, is striding confidently across the rock and insolently mimics the salute of the Legions of the Realm. "I'm here now," she boasts, as though this was all that was needed. "You guys were all lucky that time."

Davron's grin is a little fixed as he dusts himself off - already his imagination has conjured a disturbing image of Katya Ken taking the helm of the city, and makes a mental note to double the stress tolerance of the steering system. Nevertheless, he holds out his own hand in greeting. "Hi there. I'm Davron, the city builder. We'll be working a lot together, I think."

Egress arches an eyebrow. "Well, here is someone a late friend of mine would have greatly liked," she murmurs. She bows deeply, "It's a pleasure to meet you. Oh, and next time, I won't try to avoid you," she adds. Whether that's a challenge, threat, or promise is hard to guess.

What the girl does instead is grab Davron by the collar and drag him close for a lip-lock. When she finally releases the hapless craftsman, the reason is explained: "You built me a city! You're the best!"

To the others, she waves, bows, and pirouettes - all at once, it seems like. "So, nice to meet you all."

Ramar just... smiles. It takes effort, but he manages to keep it a mere smile, instead of laughing, the expression on Davron's face is bound to be priceless. He clears his throat, "Pleased to meet you as well."

Chi-Yosh provides a chuckle of bemusement and bewilderment. Such a capracious little scamp, though he fears for the longevity of the city itself. A simple, polite nod is afforded to the Goddess. "Charmed."

Davron's cheeks are flushed and he looks a little rumpled, but he seems none too displeased with this greeting. "Patience, Katya. I'm not done building it yet. Though I'm real close." And now he _really_ had better hurry up the production; if she's this pleased at having a city of her own, her displeasure will be just as tumultuous if things are delayed.

Katya links arms with Davron and Ramar, dragging them to bookmark her as she looks at Egress. "So. You are.. Zenith Caste, right? I've heard about you. Are you ruling the city?"

Egress looks over at Vanileth, raising an eyebrow at him. Her expression is that of a horse trader who is rather aware of being fleeced on a deal. If the city is held aloft by insanity, large anchors may have to built, she fears. The question draws her back to look at Katya, and she shakes her head, "Nay, the city is ruled by the Deliberative, and no one heart shall dominate it. It is not by one pair of hands that Creation shall be restored, nor by one will."

"That'll be fun!" the girl exclaims, smiling. "I'm really excited about working with you all." She glances from face to face. "So? Do I finally get a temple?"

"Of course. It is only fitting. And that temple will be the center of belief for both you and the city... they shall be linked." Ramar glances back at the face of the excited spirit. "Are there any design specifications you'd like? Anything else you want, while we're at it?"

Katya releases the two men from her grasp and spins about, like a dancer. "I want.. " She taps her lip with one thin finger, looking heavenward. "I want an Exalt of my own! I want a knight-protector. Can I have one?"

"While I do not know about an Exalt of your very own..." Ramar muses thoughtfully, "I could create for you a knight-protector. If I do, would you be willing to give me something in return?"

"Oh? What would you like?" Katya asks curiously. Vanileth merely watches, smiling.

Ramar replies, "One of your Names."

The girl hums. "Alright. Deal!" she says brightly.

Ramar nods, "As you like. I will bring your knight-protector to your temple when I am finished. Thank you, Katya Ken."

Vanileth smiles calmly. "She will be dependable," he says, emphasizing the final word as much as he can get away with. "I would not give a second-class City Mother to people who could do so much to aid my office."

Davron can't help but chuckle. The thought _Dependable at what, exactly?_ crosses his mind for a moment, but Katya Ken is clearly an indomitable personality, and an impetuous spirit like that may well be just the thing that Ranapura will need. "Indeed, we are grateful, sir, and glad to make her acquaintance and yours. We will visit again soon."