From the coign of vantage of a particularly high-flying bird, or perhaps a spirit of the winds, the world stretches out like a rainbow's light captured and unrecognizably twisted into a wildly diverse canvas of life. The waters of three seas, traversing every conceivable shade of blue; the dazzling splendor of the Blessed Isle itsel, the jewel of Creation in which the bonfires of a thousand twisted lusts born from a hundred generations consume the souls of the unwary or merely unlucky; even the red painted deserts, and the harsh, relentless white of the Northland, show some variation of hue. To the east, though, the verdant, insistent life of the forests - and the unquenchable souls of its inhabitants - shines most brightly to the eye.

A flock of birds, native to these lands of the East, take flight suddenly from their respective perches in the treetops of the Maze Forests. To the far-away observer, crafty in the lore of the forests, this signal might be read as a disturbance in the forest. But beyond that, the far-off observer, safe in his crude hut woven of branches in the treeptop, might conclude that nothing special was amiss. One man, however, knows that something is very deeply, and very definitely amiss, for he is fleeing it as fast as he's able.

Behind him, the Jaguar Men, barbaric and shamanistic guardians of these densely-packed woodlands atop their plateau, run in packs dozens strong. Their crude spears, clasped with grim determination in shaggy paws, bob and weave as the cat-men leap from branch to ground and back again in unending pursuit of the never-to-be-sufficiently-damned outsider who has violated their most sacred taboo!

One hand over another. A swing from a branch leads to the thud of soft soled boots across the reaching arm of a great tree. This support is offered a silent appreciation as those boots thud across the strong wood in a beat much like the runner's heart as it flutters like one of the Jaguar Men's drums. A drop from the the branch's end sends the fleeing human to a new tree, this time nearly losing his grip on the land. Slowly - amid the fast passed running from these feline mauraders - he works his way to the ground, before soles touch the plush earth. And still he runs. For his persuers are strong, are fast, and do not like to play around with their food when angry.

The Jaguars' cries reverberate through the forest, shrill hunting calls that both goad their quarry on and signal their fellows where they are. On and on, pushing orward, the demihuman barbarians hound their nemesis forward. The intruder's sweat and scent is heavy in their nostrils, and the creatures can almost palpably detect the smell of his blood flowing. A few spears are cast; all miss their mark. Finally, though, the edge of the plateau looms - there is no more forest, no more green refuge, only a deep drop into the valley floor below, and angry beast-men behind.

Chi-Yosh has weapons. He is quite capable of defending himself, those who need it. However, there is a simple matter that a mantis cannot consume an entire colony of ants. Very angry ants. With many pointed things. A glance behind at the swarm of spotted, amber fur rolling through the jungle like a tide of barbed honey. One look down at the steep slope, one more back at the jaguars, before a simple, rather easy decision is made. Thick legs pump once, and over the lip of the rocky edge passes beneath them.

The desperate man flails in empty space for what seems like an eternity. His heart beats - once, twice, three times. Then soft-soled boots slap violently onto a wooden surface. The man rolls instinctively, gaining his feet faster than it takes him to blink. What seems to be a sailing boat has saved him, albeit one that hovers in the air without support. A faint humming fills the air, deep from the bowels of the craft. And on the deck, four figures stand.

Davron looks up at the cliff face, where several Jaguar-men are waving their spears and yelling in frustrated rage, then returns his gaze to the new arrival. "Good save," he says, smiling and brushing a lock of blonde hair out of his face. "And not a moment too soon..."

Marina looks at the falling man, as she sits crosslegged on the deck. One eyebrow slowly slides up her forehead, before crashing down in time with the new arrival's landing. "Well ..." She smiles, impishly.

Ramar stands with his feet planted firmly against the deck of the boat. As the wind whips past his bluish-green hair, bleached a lighter color after years in the Southern Sun, his eyes narrow, ever aware of their surroundings and the swift movement of the boat. Not to mention the falling man. "Well... glad to see you here in time..." He replies, voice almost whisper soft. He then looks upwards, "Will anyone else be dropping in on us? Or can we leave... the waters around the Jaguarlands can be dangerous."

The fourth man is wearing a heavy cloak, embroidered in the style of the rich merchants of the East. Dark colors predominate; even his hair is dark, marred only by traces and streaks of grey. His face is dark, the kiss of the Sun painting his skin a deep bronze. His eyes are dark with unspoken weights, glowering from under bushy brows. The man withdraws a mechanical clock, shimmering with reflected afternoon sunlight. He examines the sweep of its hands, then looks up at the flying vessel's newest occupant. "You're late," the man says, in a gruff voice.

Chi-Yosh's a willowy, tall individual, with the muscles rippling under bronzed skin. The tunic and leggings of an earthy brown aren't loose - too likely to catch on branches. The same reason that brown hair of sunkissed hue has been put in a topknot braid, though its color has been streaked through with earthy green. The landing on this wooden boat in the air has left him momentarily speechless, just looking from the inhabitants up to the cliff. Looking over to the two informing of the time, an apologetic expression comes over his features. "I'm sorry. I had found myself in a rush."

The vessel immediately begins to wheel away, and fortunately; for at that moment, the tribesmen arrive at the edge of the plateau, and with frustrated energy begin casting their spears at the craft which so obnoxiously saved their quarry. Their screams of rage echo through the afternoon air as the little sky-ship sets sail for the south. On board, the older man returns the wind-up watch to a concealed pocket underneath the outer folds of his garment. "Walker of Boughs and Branches, your name?" The voice is determined, strong, without a trace of anything except the business at hand.

Marina easily rises to her feet, hands held loosely at her side, before she extends one in greeting. "A man who rushes so exquisitely slowly ..." She smiles again. "Such a man is valued in trade talks. I am Marina, maker of treaties." She waits, hand held out.

The landing gave his legs a little jar. This he works out with a brief stretch. A polite head-bow towards the time keeper of the East. "Chi-Yosh, of the Su'katan." His attention shifts towards Marina, and stepping forward with the serpentine grace, takes her hand in one of his. He cups it, before placing his other over the woman's extermity, and lifts it to delicately blow upon it.

Marina lets her hand lie, loosely, watching him with lowered gaze. Her hair flies in the wind, behind her, left hanging unbound down her back. Her cloak, too, flutters in the wind, emphasizing the motions.

Davron glances at the sky again, out of habit. "And to think I didn't even know we were on a schedule," he remarks wryly as he glances at the dark-skinned man for a brief moment, still slightly bemused - some things take a _lot_ of getting used to. Finally he turns to the newcomer again and bows. "I'm Davron. Pleased to meet you."

The old man, the seeming-merchant, explains with an economy of words the state of things to his companions: "He is one of you now." Turning to Chi-Yosh, he bursts into, for him, florid eloquence: "I am the Master. Your questions will be answered. For now, meet those with whom you have cast your lot."

Ramar's cloak flutters as the boat wheels about in the air. He gives a chuckle as the spears are cast at the vessel. "Chi-Yosh, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. Do be careful though, an unseen current can rock the boat, and it would not do well to fall off at this altitude." He bows, then, and gives a grin. "I am Ramar. So, you've cast in with us? We'll have time for more formal introductions later, I hope, in more pleasant circumstances."

Chi-Yosh releases Marina's hand, before turning towards the other two present on the deck. His glance once more returns to the cliff from whence he had fallen, only to glance back. "I... seem to have, yes. It is the way of things; one step leads to the next. I did not foresee my next step would fall upon this vessel." A hazarded smile. "But I see my feet have not mislead me."

Chi-Yosh, taking Ramar's advice though, settles onto the deck in a cross legged position. Pitching over the side would be bad.

Davron follows suit, sitting as comfortably as the firm deck allows. "Ah, another philosopher amongst us," he comments, seeming quite pleased at the thought.

"No, they've not. They've led you to us. It is perhaps a working of fate, though you may not cast your lot in with that." His head tilts to one side, "More, it is the workings of things that needed to be brought about in the world." Ramar remains standing, eyes ever casting about in the wind. "Let's be off."

The Master turns away, making quiet instructions as to the navigation of the vessel. With that done, he lapses into a firmly unbreakable silence, watching the lands beneath the keel fly past. The boat curves and arcs this way and that, moving through the valleys and depressions of the landscape; beyond, faintly visible and sparkling in the light, is the Rock River, its destination.

The flying craft eases itself downward, brushing faintly at the occasional treetop. There's a vibration that rocks the boat and all those in it, and the loud sound of a splash; water surges up on either side as the prow descends into the mellow currents of the Rock River. And so it sails, following the irresistable force downstream. Not far away - for the rapid flight ate up most of the distance - a fortified structure, possibly a castle, sits nestled atop the steep crags of a mountain. The boat sails for what looks to be a port, nestled at the feet of this stern and imposing cone of stone.

"Disembark," says the Master conversationally, as though no lull in his speech had occurred. "You four will go to the Citadel. I will arrive shortly." As the boat gently bumps up against creaking, protesting wood, the man leaps lightly ashore and begins walking.

A quick hop takes Ramar off the boat. "Follow me. The way to the citadel is... delightfully intriguing." Fingers run along rough rocks, until the slight notch is found. A moment later the rock opens, just enough for a single person to fit through. A torch is lit, and held in hand as they enter. The tunnel opens up after a good ten feet, wide enough for four to walk abreast of one another. The passages oddly enough do not look to be carved by any mortal hands, but rather that they have been formed there by the mountain itself. Stalactites hang down, casting eerie shadows as the lit torch passes underneath.

Following behind, Marina keeps one hand, now garbed in elegant leather gloves, on the wall beside her. Her other hand gathers her cloak and skirts in front of her, so that she won't trip. At times she ducks, avoiding the stalactites.

Chi-Yosh has a very small pack with him. This he places his two obvious weapons - a pair of well worn, yet well kept kamas - into the pack in their sleeves. Shouldering it once more, he follows after Marina. "Beware your head, Marina," Warns the Su'Katan, pointing at a spiderweb that shimmers in the torchlight, the lowest strands which endangers to strike her hair. "Those are unpleasant," He concludes, peering at the fat bellied orange and brown spider that clings near the shadowed corner of the triangular web's apex.

Looking up, Marina shudders for a moment, while her hair twists away from the strands. "Thank you, Chi-Yosh." She looks around, smiling. "This castle has seen many broken treaties."

Davron nods to Chi-Yosh and ducks around a rock outcropping, avoiding the web himself. "So, what do you think of the Master so far?" he asks.

"He knows much he does not offer," Replies Chi-Yosh to Davron's inquiry, before glancing over the walls. "Some say that a request for peace is merely a desire to prepare for the next battle."

Looking back over her shoulder, Marina chuckles. "Surely it is not merely the next battle one prepares for? Shouldn't men of vision consider the next campaign, the next war, and the next ruler, too?"

A smile in return comes from Chi-Yosh.. "One would hope, that their vision lets them see more then the sight of glory and victory."

"Yet they will not bite if you do not disturb them." Ramar bows his head respectfully towards the spider, and then continues on. After a while, the path branches off into two different paths. Both of them made from actual worked stone. An ivory inlay along one of the walls is shaped into a mandala with a perfectly set gemstone in each cardinal direction. in the center, a wooden figurine rests. "It is a simple trot down the path to the castle's entrance from here." He begins heading down the path to the right, smiling rather softly after a time. "The Master knows much. We know little. Thus, we learn from him. And from ourselves." He regards Marina, "Men of vision must also consider more than simply the next campaign, battles and rulers... they should consider the next life, the next world... the next Creation."

Pausing to look at the ivory inlay, Marina smiles wryly. "I will consider the next, when I have mastered the current." She looks around. "When I no longer scurry like an overdressed rat through stone passages."

"Yet Men of Vision must remember that they live... and their lives are but a blessed few moments here in this Creation. What is life if it is spent, rather than lived?" Ramar waxes philosophical a moment, wandering along. He removes his cloak and loosens the ties on the sleeves of his dishsasha.

"A life spent on gold and blood less lived then one shined with the smile and the sun," Chi-Yosh returns, before growing silent. He seems to be talking too much; it is the wise who speak when they must. Better the owl then the squirrel, it would seem.

Marina shrugs, and strides off to follow Ramar. Philosophical comments are so much more appealing from the other side of the power structure. And besides, wax too philosophical, and people begin to mistrust the treaties you negotiate for them.

"Too true," Davron nods, stepping over a fallen stalagmite. "To fight when you needn't is just... a waste," he says, his voice hinting at sadness, as he too lapses into silence.

The party walks thoughtfully through the stone, finally arriving at a metal plate, resting quietly in the center of a hollow cylindrical shaft of iron plates. At the throw of a lever stationed near the door, the platform begins to rumble briefly. The group files on, and after a few uncertain seconds begins to rise, carried by the powered lift. Up through the dark shaft they rise, three familiar with this path, one most definitely not. The platform emerges at the center of an iron ring set into stone floor - the citadel's sub-basement. "Welcome back, sirs and madam," says a voice gravely. Henlen, the old and reliable man who tends to the Master's mundane needs. "You were expected. Welcome sir," this ancient directs in particular to Chi-Yosh. "Your needs will be taken care of."

Chi-Yosh is not... used to this place. He is not unknown to places made of earth and stone, but when the works of metal draw you up and down, let alone a boat flies you about in the air like a bird, one can question what is right in the world. He blinks to Henlen, before simply nodding in return.

"Hello again Henlen. Good to see you as always," says Ramar, in his typically soft-spoken demeanor. "Good to see you're well my friend."

Standing to the side, Marina smiles at the ancient, and waits to see what orders the Master has left. Surely, he has some intentions, as he always does?

The Spartan appointments of the citadel's deepest level are nevertheless complete; each of the four has his own assigned room, and Chi-Yosh discovers his room, marked with a sign reading "NEWCOMER". The other three are "next door" to him, set off from the main hall that divides the sub-basement into four sections. Here are the living areas; across the way is the Master's array of workshops. On the other side of the level are assorted rooms in which to plan or train. At times like this, the three know, the Master is dealing with some minor but inscrutable matter; the best thing is to wait until called for. And call the group the Master does; gathering them from their respective rests, meditations and other activities into the planning room. He stares across the table at the four, as Henlen steps forward, clears his throat, and speaks.

"This is the Kingdom of Nane," says the servant, beginning for Chi-Yosh the almost verbatim explanation that each of his fellows heard, upon the occasion of their first arrival. "The Master rests here, gathering what Solar Exalts he can together within the kingdom's protection. Here in Nane, each of the reborn Solars is trained to best take advantage of his native talents, and on occasion to undertake missions for Nane itself. In this way, he hopes to provide a refuge from the Wyld Hunt and other dangers." With that, Henlen steps back, allowing the Master to proceed. "Diplomacy by any means necessary," he says, directly. "That is our credo. Through Nane, you will come into your own as the rightful rulers of Creation. To test your mettle, the fire of the River Province's politics will serve well enough. You leave when you are ready to do so; until then, we work together, and you will obey my wishes. Is that clear?"

Idly examining her fingernails, Marina observes that one of them looks chipped. Chagrined, she pulls out a small emery board to repair the damage while she listens. Her head down, her face hidden by her hair, leaving few clues as to her opinions. Or, for that matter, her conclusions. A single nod is the only assent she provides.

Ramar though having paid attention, seems to be pondering something different. When the Master finishes speaking, he adds in, "Indeed. It's clear, it's clear." He looks about at the others, notably the newcomer to see if there's any varied reaction to this spiel, rather than the usual 'we've heard this before what else is new' response.

Chi-Yosh, while he doesn't exactly show it... is a touch lost. Now this is new to him. He seems to have been elected to do this, without little much as an inquiry of he was willing. Then again, the boat did collect him from a rather painful stop at the end of his fall. Looking among his fellows, a brow raises. They are all Solars? Then that would suggest he is, aswell... That is... something his feet have tripped over, given his path.

Davron has been listening with one ear, but most of his attention has been on the newcomer. He's far from an expert at reading people's reactions, and Chi-Yosh has been harder to read than most, anyway - but he's always interested in learning new things. He raises an eyebrow and nods to Ramar's remark, then returns his attention to Chi-Yosh, his expression friendly, if just a touch reserved.

"That you may not understand all the particulars of the Exaltation is not surprising," says Henlen quietly, to Chi-Yosh, noting the man's face. "Nor may you understand your ultimate destiny. For all these things, the Master has brought you here. Your answers, whatever the questions may be, can be found with him." He smiles briefly, almost proudly, and steps back a bit, looking from face to face. "You also have three able tutors."

After one last look at the repaired fingernail, Marina slips the emery board back into one of her pockets. She stands and pivots gracefully, examining Chi-Yosh from tip to toe, looking at his clothes, his hair, his skin. "He'll need dressing, Henlen, if he's to enter politics. And we'll have to do something about his skin. It's so ... earthly." She sniffs.

A slight look, a puzzled look, if it can be said to be puzzled, crosses over Ramar's face for a moment. He shakes it aside momentarily, "Then you are new to Exaltation? Good. We're not the oldest bunch of Solars either. You may be more enlightened with regards to the Immaculate Order's texts... in which we are the Anathema, however..." Ramar smiles then. "This is of little relevance here and now. We shall do our best to guide you friend, as I'm sure we shall learn much from you. Be welcome here, for now you truly are one of us." He cannot help but chuckle at Marina's remarks. "And don't mind her, that just means she likes you."

Marina raises an eyebrow at Ramar. "Then I must surely love, cherish, and adore you, when you wax pointlessly poetical about philosophies inane and impractical." She tilts her chin, before dismissing him for a moment, and turning back to Chi-Yosh. "Your colours suit you, but the cut of these clothes ... Tsk tsk."

Chi-Yosh is at a loss as to what to take from this. He is a solar. He is to work for The Master. He going into the politics of some place? For the former, he can equally accept. It is what is given to him, and thus more right - and more responsibility - for him to do what he must, for what he has to. The second... is questionable. He knows not this Master, and is not aware of the intricate methods of Nane. To the third... They wish to place a hawk in the place of peacocks? He regards Ramar's statements moreso then Marina, absorbing it in. Merely, he has to wonder precisely what 'us' is. Attention turning once more to Marina, before he simply stares back. For once, instead of silence due to a selective tongue, it is due to a loss of it.

A wry smile spreads on Ramar's face. "Indeed you must. For it is merely for your own benefit my dear, that I continually wax poetic." Taking note of the rather questioning look that spreads upon Chi-Yosh's face, he proceeds, in a calm voice. "And do not worry, though many ascribe the tailored clothes and carefully crafted personas of the Imperial Courts and their likenesses in the Scavenger lands, the game of Politics, if it can be called such, is more than that. That is merely one arena. Do not forget also the mercantile guilds, nor the bands of criminals. Nor the workers."

Davron sighs heavily at Marina. "Finery has its place, milady, but as Ramar points out, we don't spend _all_ of our time in the public eye, do we?" He tugs at his own sleeve, which, though durable and clean enough, is rather... plain compared to Marina's. "Indeed, in some contexts we can dress as we like. Books seldom care how you're attired..."

"Though the bookworms might." ramar is enjoying this interplay. His stance has shifted very little, though he has folded his legs underneath him, sitting comfortably. At least comfortably for him. "The question at hand though, friend Chi-Yosh, is what you have to teach us? what you feel you need to learn?"

Her back straight, arms taut, hands pressed close against her side, Marina listens to Ramar's wistful murmurings. Is it her fault that he dreams? She smiles, though, at Davron's plaintive look, and relaxes a little. "But consider, Davron; a well dressed scholar sees books that a lowly clerk will never touch. Or even know of." She smiles. "I have seen books, Davron, on matters of trade ..."

Henlen nods, and smiles to Chi-Yosh. "Politics in the Scavenger Lands is many things. The tongue and the blade find equal use. Nevertheless, your role as Solar demands that you become acquainted with at least the basics of rulership."

A glance from one, to the next, to the next at their speech, before Chi-yosh's lips run pensive. Then at Henlen's comment, he relaxes some. Good. He is no simpleton, and has a mind and tongue that works; but some things may be beyond his honed skills. A nod to Henlen. "That is a reassurance," He accesses, before Chi-yosh's eyes turn towards Marina. "The offer of garments is thanked, Marina. But I feel I am with Davron; I do not need to appear as though I have more to do with fine cloth, then I do with those who do not. And..." He gropes, for a moment, before Chi-yosh's turning to Ramar, "That is what you suggest, those of the various skills; they do not have what may be handed to me."

Her hands now resting lightly on her hips, her lips pursed, Marina whirls to face Ramar. "Again! Each time we recruit a new solar, and each time you convince him to spurn my advice!" She points at Davron, in his plain robes. "Him; the lowly clerk. And now this creature of the woods." She looks Ramar up and down. "And you fare little better. This is what you claim I must adore?" She turns away, appealing to the Master. "Surely I can train him a little, at least?"

"Ahhh, but skills are not the only things to be learned my friend. Tell us of your life before Exaltation! Tell us what you have done since then. Tell us of lands we have not seen!" he smiles, "Which reminds me, I've yet to hear any of your stories of the life before..." He regards Marina and Davron. "I'd still like to learn them sometime..." He smiles rather warmly, relaxing in his chair. "But then I am getting ahead of myself. Perhaps the first thing to learn, is whether or not you know how to cook?"

That's ramar doing all of that, by the by.

"Nonsense. I am not convincing anyone to ignore your advice, Marina. It is advice well heeded, yet..." Ramar pauses a moment, searching for the right words. "Not everyone is as prepared as you to be critiqued upon their manner of dress with barely an introduction. I was simply letting Chi-Yosh know that he is not unwelcome, as it may be misread, but that you were merely trying to help. I should clearly state to all that I feel every one of us has something essential to teach one another."

A smile at Davron and Ramar is given from the woodsman. Chi-yosh offers a nod. "I can cook, yes, but it may not be as apt, compared to methods you may possess." All the questions he returns with merely an upraised hand, before turning to Marina. "Lady. If you take a frog from the water, and place him in a bucket, he is not at home. If you place him in the sand, he will likely die if left to bake. If you place him in a tree far from the water, the test of time will show frogs in that tree. Do not put me in the sand, lady. Let time work. You paint a frog with so many colors, it is still a frog of a new shade. Let the adaptation work it the way it will, with gentle changes."

Her hand sliding to touch his cheek, Marina smiles. "You have mastered, Chi-Yosh, the first skill any courtier must know. You have learned to speak, and speak long, and say little. Yet you say it with such eloquence ..." She steps back, smiling at Ramar. "These words wax poetically, but not inanely."

Ramar smiles in return. "That they do. I was not clear enough before, and for that I am at fault. I apologize." He bows his head apologetically, while adding a more Southern gesture of admission and reparations. A shrug combined with a crossing of the hands. "I shall try to curb my inaneness, and you have my utmost thanks, for pointing this out to me." He's not being sarcastic at all, he's genuinely pleased at this point, even to have an error pointed out.

With a single sniff, Marina surveys the room. "Well, I do believe we've heard enough." She looks at Chi-Yosh, smiling widely. "Welcome aboard, little brother."

Chi-Yosh smiles to Marina in turn, tipping his head to the touch. "Sometimes, words must be like water. It takes many drops to form a drink, but refreshment comes. Others, it is as rain; only a small time shall pass before all is refreshed." He then turns, to relax into the chair. "If you wish to know what of me. But first..." He glances to Henlen. "Shall we begin cooking for our mid day meal?"

Davron settles back in his chair. "Little brother? He may well be older than you, you know," he says to Marina, grinning. "Nevertheless - welcome. I think we shall get along just fine."

Ramar's eyes close momentarily. He inhales deeply, drawing his hands to his chest and then resting them on either leg. His eyes reopen then, "Well spoken Chi-Yosh. Pleased to have you aboard. Just don't let the mainsail knock you overboard when we turn." He smiles enigmatically then, before adding, "Yes! Lunch!"

Food, one of the five qualities of life as enumerated by the ancient sages, is a commonality to all those gathered - of whatever class, social station or homeland. Each moves in his or her own way, preparing for the ritual of eating. The four Solars move as individuals, not yet bound together as one. But the seeds have found fertile soil; only time will tell whether they grow together, or apart.