With the weight of the world on his shoulders, Ramar bows to the Council of Entities, "I will go then to retrieve the Names, thank you for your aid." He turns to leave, clothes catching the wind as he steps out into the Sun in Nexus once more. The road stretches out before him and it is the journey ahead that guides him forward while his mind wanders. It is almost automatic. Three hundred and sixty two steps back to the Volo, twenty seconds to rise to a suitable height... these things pass mechanically. When he turns his mind back to reality he is already bound for Kish. As he draws nearer, he speaks the Name of Katya Ken, Essence flowing through his body and the words themselves.

There is a soft chime on the winds as they blow through the city of Kish. Ramar is there, suddenly, in the shadows between buildings in Kish. He is a little disoriented at first, and steps out around the corner into the ancient city. He is greeted almost immediately after, and speaks of the most urgent need to speak with Sa. "I must see them as soon as can be managed."

---

Sa's three selves greet Ramar cordially enough, and he is escorted to a private study. The ancient Solar-remnant pours drinks. "Now, let me see what you've brought," he says.

Ramar greets Sa just as cordially in turn. "I have brought a book, given to me by the Council of Entities in Nexus." He offers the book given by the Emissary. "It tells of a demon I'm to challenge..."

Sa receives it and begins to thumb through it.

"She is the Sorrowful Binder of Her Wounds. Her fangs and her piercing talons break the skin of She Who Lives In Her Name. Her silken threads are thrust through the wounds and pulled taut. The weeping sores that burst forth from the Malfean's flesh and threaten to pull apart the demon realm are sewn shut by her eternal spinning."

"Her threads cling to the soul of the damned, waiting to pull them to Malfeas. Her venom is poison even to the dead. Her eyes can see blood wherever it may be, and she eternally thirsts for it. She may take other forms. A man in a spider's-silk robe with red eyes. A great mountain covered in trees whose branches are festooned in cobwebs. A great crimson mist at night, hovering in the lowlands and valleys."

"She longs to bind the world into her cocoons and feast on it. Her name is Caliszikus, the Weaver of Despair."

Sa frowns. "This is who you wish to master?"

"I must," explains Ramar. He gestures off in the distance, toward the Blessed Isle. "If I am to walk the webs over Oblivion and snatch from them the Names of those who have cast them aside." He explains what the Council of Entities told him regarding the Deathlords and their names.

Sa listens to the tale with a grave expression. Finally he speaks. "You cannot challenge this creature now. Gather your power. Wait until Calibration. I see in you the seed of a tree-god's power. With patience, you can master the Weaver."

There is a worried expression upon Ramar's brow. "I shall, though I do not know how the others will bear this news. They are attacking the Blessed Isle, I believe they wish to reclaim the Imperial Manse. Will there be time enough to wait until Calibration? How should I gather my power until then?"

"Return to your sanctuary," Sa answers. "Meditate on your Essence. Study this book. The rest will come of its own accord." He returns the book.

"Thank you Sa. I shall do my best. May we meet again in more auspicious circumstances." Ramar takes the book and bows humbly.

Ramar departs Sa, and with each step he begins to feel more hopeful. There is something within him that begins to stir... and he sees life in all its little details as he walks. As suddenly as he'd arrived, Ramar is gone. And so, once more, he returns to his sanctuary within Ranapura. He speaks hastily with the guards, asking them where his Circle might be found... and once he knows, he sets out immediately.

---

Egress is sleeping in comfortable quarters in The Imperial City, with word of the coming of Ramar, a young and utterly over-awed servant is sent to awaken her. Of course, this is only allowed under the unsleeping eyes of Rain of Fire, and Jin-nu is sitting not far away. The city, now in perfect order, does not likely seem to Ramar like a place where a battle had very recently been fought, nor even as a place waiting for war, save past its borders, where enormous camps are sprawled in the chaotic asymmetry of the barbarian warriors of Ma-Ha-Suchi and his allies.

Naturally, with the rising of Egress, the ladies in waiting ready themselves, nervously fidgeting. They have heard things that others still believe are rumors, and the news of their Lady's battle against the First and Forsaken Lion lies chief in their mind. They are almost relieved when Egress appears and tells them that her hair and clothes may be set right later. It is Ramar the Zenith must see, and she no longer needs any honor guard or symbols of station beyond the tales of her deeds that even now race across the isle like wildfire. The essence powered presence of the Ascending Lion threatens to shatter the armies against her on its own.

It is just outside the door where Egress awaits Ramar, her tail flicking behind her in the sort of restless way it has for days. Her mind is drawn in so many directions, and yet seeing him is what she wants most of all. Beyond any news, seeing the face of the man she loves stands foremost in her mind. After beholding the dreaded visage of the First and Forsaken Lion and driving it back into the greater darkness, all memories have seemed veiled in a dark mist that only new visions can pierce.

When at last Ramar finds Egress, the perilous journey and troubled fate of Creation fades from his mind... there is only Egress. Nothing else matters now. Instinctively he embraces the woman he loves, holding her close for a small eternity, for every day that he could not spend with her. He does not even try to speak, words have failed him. All that remains is to lose himself in Egress' arms, in her eyes.

And just then the sun starts to break the horizon, and the Solars are cast in the crimson and gold light that covers the sky just as light claims the sky again. It seems such a short time, such an eternity that she just holds him, but at last she draws back and smiles warmly, "You are back, and things will be right again. So much has happened! But come, let's find a place in the garden where we can sit in the sunlight and be left alone for a few hours. I'm afraid that is all they can spare us now. I hope it will be enough."

"Any time I get to spend with you is more than enough," Ramar laughs, "Though I would have all eternity with you if I could." He takes her hand in his and together they walk out into the garden. "There is so much to tell you... and so much to be done."

"Much has happened here," answers Egress. "Great victories, but I do not wish to speak of them. We did what had to be done." She shudders and passes a hand over her eyes, her expression looking pained for a moment, but it fades swiftly in the light of the dawning day. "So tell me, what must we do now?"

The pain in Egress' expression is telling, and for what she has had to endure, Ramar kisses her tenderly. He draws in a deep breath, "We must endure. Endure until Calibration. There is something I must do." He explains what has happaned to Egress, and though it is troubling... Egress' presence soothes his very soul.

"Then we will wait, and our enemies will weaken," says Egress. "It's strange, somehow I'm feeling a change happen. As we come closer, Creation is making more and more sense to me." She laughs suddenly, shutting her eyes and sighing, the worry simply not there. "Soon things will be right. Or at least more right. There will be many things to do, and many challenges left for us, and our heirs."

"They will be right. And when I'm with you I'm more convinced of this than ever." Hearing Egress' laughter brings a smile to his face. "Together we will face what challenges we can. I only hope the rest of Creation is ready."

"It will be," answers Egress seriously. "There has been a very long frost, but the sun is rising, and the snow is melting away again." She stares off into the distance, "Still, it will take some getting used to. And for us all. I fear that my ladies do not hold their tongues well. Or the boasts of Ma-Ha-Suchi have carried into the city. People are looking the Solars differently since the ships were struck down in the blackness of the Underworld. I wonder what stories they will tell of your journeys.. and of the works of Davron. And when the centuries pass, and our time is at last done, I wonder what memories of us will still echo on."

"I wonder those very same things myself," admits Ramar. "And I wonder what will be done by those who carry our Essences in the future... what great works they will do." He stroks Egress' hair softly, "What else has been going on... is there news of the Imperial Manse? Have you braved it while I was off with the Council?"

"Not yet," answers Egress. "I'm waiting still," she admits. "Waiting for a sign. I know that when I go there, it will be to end it all. It will be the last great blow in our battle, and it will be more singularly terrible than anything that we have done yet. The tales of it make it clear that it is a weapon that is not to be used lightly. There are reasons to ward it with such dreadful tests of character and power." She looks to Ramar and lets out a deep sigh, "I'm not afraid. I just do not believe the time is right for it. When it happens, all forces must align precisely and absolutely, and this age shall end."

"Indeed. When the time is right, we will know. I think that when the Manse is ready, it will call to us, and we will know." Ramar stretches out slowly, relaxing. "Then what is left to do? What can be done while we bide our time until Calibration?"

"Many things. We have a whole island to conquer," answers Egress. "I am trying to make it a less bloody conflict. I want to put Mnemon down for good, and she will not bend her knee to the rule of Solars. It leaves only one pragmatic choice. We will steal her support bit by bit and keep an eye on her, before she makes a desperate move. I am using our friends from the Night Caste to gather information, and soon I may give them orders to deal with the situation once and for all."

It is at this point that Davron appears at the entrance of the garden, and then steps back, as he sees that Ramar and Egress are together. "Ah - I heard that you were back, Ramar. Am I interrupting anything?" he says with a sheepish smile.

Ramar laughs, "Nothing terribly inappropriate, though that's bound to be later." He laughs again, "It is good to see you again Davron, come, join us... we are talking of what is to come next, what is to be done."

Egress smiles and nods to Davron, "Yes, we can wait for any indiscretions. Those are best confined to personal quarters." She brushes her hair from her eyes, forcing it behind her where a breeze lifts to catch the locks and spread them out on its fingers. "I would like to know what suggestions you can share at this point."

Davron nods, and sits upon a bench. "Yes, I heard what you were talking about just now. Building our power base on the Isle - consolidating - that's a good start. But we need to keep our eye on the Threshold. The Realm had its armies and navies to defend itself from outside threats; our forces aren't so great." He chuckles. "Of course, we have one less outside threat than they did."

"This is true. And we have one more source of power they did not," adds Ramar. "It is the time to consolidate, to gether our power." He looks off in the distance, "A storm is coming. A storm of change. With work, it shall be change for the better."

Davron nods. "But I was thinking of more specific terms. We struck against the Deathlords' invading navies for now; but they will make other sorties, plan other assaults, try to weaken us. But we have resources the Realm did not. Ranapura, for example, can carry armies quickly to trouble spots - or airdrop supplies against a siege."

"Already things are better," replies Egress. "The air is sweeter here, somehow. People are waking up again, and I see hope everywhere I turn. They had prepared for a long, miserable war. That war of equal forces was prevented now. The Dragon-Blooded could have battled for decades. As for the Deathlords.. they shall not be so eager to risk that open an approach. No doubt they will have heard of what happened in full. So many Abyssals slain in a matter of hours. They cannot waste them so quickly again."

Davron nods. "True," he acknowledges. "I will continue working on Ranapura, all the same. The Deathlords may not dare to challenge the Isle again so soon, but they may strike at targets more within their reach, and the City of Gold is our primary defense against that."

Ramar listens to his friends discuss the battle of the Blessed Isle. His eyes grow wider as he begins to fully comprehend what has happened in his absence. "Wow... much HAS happened... I must say I'm quite impressed with you."

"I think we may attack them next, but we shall see. None of them are likely to answer the challenge of Ascendance willingly after what happened in the last battle," murmurs Egress. She cannot help but feel pride, even if the terror of the memory puts a waver in her voice. "If the First and Forsaken Lion cannot defeat us, the others will know they are not likely to fare better."

"True. Though were they to unite it would be more difficult... still, while we gather our power, we should do what we can to keep them from gathering theirs," says Ramar. "We have a while yet."

"Perhaps," answers Egress. "But I do not think we can rest for long," she says. "I hope to resolve this civil war and claim the Realm completely as soon as possible. The conflict can't be allowed to drag on. The power of the Realm united again will be a great asset against the Deathlords."

Davron rubs his chin. "The Deathlords know this, I'm sure. I wonder... would they attempt to covertly support Mnemon?" He chuckles. "But every Night Caste we can spare is watching her every move. If the Deathlords attempt it, we need but unmask them."

"That is why we must act quickly," answers Egress. "If her forces are crushed and her power shattered, they will have no such temptation. They could use her to some effect if she was desperate enough to reach for them. Still, I have a feeling such a move would make even House Cynis rather nervous and cause Mnemon a great deal of her support."

"Well they shall be unmasked soon enough..." murmurs Ramar. He nods, "We can do what we can to garner the support of the other houses until we must face Mnemon herself. At which point, she will see the extent of what we've learned."