It has been a rather long morning. Most of it spent pondering the night before and living through the consequences of eating and drinking heartily with a group of Lunars. At least for Ramar it is. He shakes his head, pinching his nose as he wanders out of his room in the Crystal Palace. He walks slowly through the palace, taking the time to call Gallius and Chi-Yosh to come before he goes to find his inestimable hosts. The remaining Lunars.

Gallius is already awake. Perhaps she never slept? At least she did not overly indulge herself. She comes to meet Ramar with a grin, "A rough night, it seems. Perhaps next time you shall go easier on the drink?" She goes on, chiding, "At least some of us learned something of use yesterday."

The elders, too, are staying here for a time. They are deep in conversation, holed up in one of the rooms at the lower-most level of the mansion, discussing something of import in that arcane tongue. They greet their visitors cordially enough, offering a sweet-tasting wine out of a crystal decanter before the three Solars settle in and get to business.

Chi-Yosh shares Gallius's amusement with Ramar's condition. "Too much can bring too little later." Taking up a glass of the delicate wine, he drinks light, all to aware of what may come about from overindulgence.

"Overindulge myself? I'm afraid I did not raise myself to that level of indulgence, though I was rather pondering things. I simply needed more sleep than I had, but I shall be fine." Ramar smiles easily, informing his comrades of this, despite the fact that he may or may not be lying through his teeth before he greets the elders, after entering the room. He takes one of the glasses of wine, and after returning the Elder's greeting, he takes a moment to properly enjoy it, before settling in to get to business as it were. "Good afternoon. I hoe we're not interrupting anything terribly important?"

"What is it we may do for you?" asks Sunrise Seer, the apparent spokesman of the group. His voice is casual, with that indefinably foreign accent to his Riverspeak.

Gallius laughs softly at Ramar and offers a deep bow the elders. She stays silent for now, wondering just what it is Ramar wishes to ask. She will simply wait and see.

"If I may, I would say perhaps you can enlighten my comrades and myself on certain matters..." Ramar nods graciously, turning his eyes to Sunrise Seer. "In our travels here, and the days before, and even during Weeping Prowler's contact with Chi-Yosh, there was one topic that seemed to come up over and over, and has been mentioned by no less than four different beings... the Lunar initiation trials. I would like to learn what I can of them, if you would be willing to share such knowledge." For once, he's being fairly succinct.

"The trials, eh?" muses Seer, after a moment. "We are independent beings. We must be, to survive. The trials are the first step a young Lunar takes to prove to her elders and peers that she will not be a burden to them. She gains respect by demonstrating bravery and cunning."

Ramar listens attentively to Seer, as he muses on things. He holds back any comments and questions, even though a few seem to threaten to bubble outwards from time to time. "To prove that you will not be burdens... yes, I can understand that, and the Virtue of it's necessity." He pauses a moment, thinking of the proper phrasing. "How are they to demonstrate bravery and cunning"

"By surviving the wilds we have chosen," replies Seer, grinning widely. His teeth look very healthy indeed.

Chi-Yosh's lips quirk at the edges. The trials would not be simple survival in the natural ways, but the challange would be increased. Lunars are powerful things, and thus they must be tested with that which can challange that power. No doubt Ramar may be wanting what the Su'Katan sought.

Ramar leans in then, pondering the healthy looking teeth as they're bared. He glances upwards, "Surviving the wilds you have chosen... I see... I wonder," muses Ramar, glancing around at the other elders. He draws a deep breath, and then asks Sunrise Seer, "If we are to work together... perhaps we would do well to prove to you that we will not be burdens to your or your people? Or is it not permitted to even give non-Lunars the possibility of proving themselves thusly?"

"If we are to work together, such proof would be expected," the elder replies calmly. "It is permitted, if you think yourself capable."

"I believe that we are indeed capable, and I thank you for this opportunity," replies Ramar, just as calmly, even though a smile quirks at the edges of his mouth.

Seer turns and relates something to his fellow elders, who all chuckle low after a moment. He turns back. "It is permitted, but no trial was offered by us. And yet you claimed one... and so it shall be honored. I will speak to my own successor when I return home, and he will offer you the trials when you are ready."

Chi-Yosh watches Ramar more then the elders. So he wishes to take them as well? Alone it would be difficult, but together, it would be moreso. The traveler knows how to live off the land even better then the warrior can, and it might be wise to join. But... "When do you return home, Sunrise Seer?"

"I return to the great forests soon. Perhaps a week's time, once our meeting has concluded here," replies the elder Lunar.

"May your journey back be as interesting as you would wish it to be," replies Ramar, realizing that he may well have blundered a bit when he asked for the Trials. There's a moment of uncertainty, and as there's no Marina to look to in order to check to see if he has made a social blunder or not... he looks quite curious though. "And again, thank you. Have you by any chance seen Weeping Prowler around, and do you know of any places of interest in this forest? I was hoping perhaps to do some exploring of these woods to see what might be seen..."

"We have not," says the Seer, firmly enough. "Return soon, so that I may instruct you in how to reach my student, when you feel prepared for what is to come."

Chi-Yosh adds, with a faint grin, "And, are there any manses or places of power that are not all ready claimed by someone else?" Spreading his hands, "I don't want to make the same mistake a second time. My nose is not as keen to detect who has marked what."

"There are some," begins Seer, only to be interrupted by his fellow, the tale-teller of last night. "Chosen of Sun," this Lunar says, insistently, waving a finger rapidly at Chi-Yosh. "Do this. Find spirit. Ask spirit, who own Manse. Spirit tell you no one, spirit own Manse itself. Spirit say name, offer gift, ask guide. Spirit take you to owner. Spirit hope you slay owner so it take Manse. No spirit near Manse, no owner."

Chi-Yosh nods to the Lunar, once more smiling. "Thank you. I will take that to heart. I wish not to tred on unwelcome lands without just cause. And even if I do, I would hope it would be with more conversational a host then Weeping Prowler." The latter offered as a tease towards the Elders.

Seer smiles, as do his fellow elders, politely enough. "Conversation is not important," says Seer, calmly, in a chiding voice. "Respect is what matters."

"I see..." grins Ramar, looking towards his comrade. He nods towards Seer, "Then we shall conduct ourselves in a manner worthy of respect and respect those around us who are worthy of it."

Chi-Yosh smiles too. This does ease him, to an extent; despite the merriment the evening before, much excluding Weeping Prowler, it still means that the others respect him. "Always."

Chi-Yosh leads Gallius and Ramar from the Elder's room, into the surrounding woods. The Traveler is no doubt curious on a few of the native plants, which Chi-Yosh points out - especially warding off one that causes severe itching - as they go in a sight seeing expedition. The air is warm, the sounds of life in full bloom. "... and that is why leaves turn red when the seasons change," Chi-Yosh finishes.

As Weeping Prowler could not be found in his own crystalline home, Gallius leads the way on a hunch somewhat further into the forest, arriving at the cave she witnessed yesterday. It is again open, and a trio of voices can be heard from within - Valon, Rabby and Prowler himself. They are discussing something in a low voice, and speaking with words of occult portent.

"I see... then if it appears shiny like such, or it appears in such a color, it is to provide them with a means of warding away the varied parasites, or at least readily identifying itself as not friendly to live within..." muses Ramar, pondering the nature of Chi-Yosh's lecture. He smiles upon entering the cave, and pauses a moment to attempt to understand what it is they are talking about, before he will greet them.

Chi-Yosh hangs back, suspecting Ramar will intervene as normal. However, the man is just as quiet, and the three listen for a time, straining ears to catch what might be said.

Within the cave is visible the knight of steel and moonsilver and jade that Gallius half-witnessed yesterday, a twenty-foot golem or statue in appearance, attired like a knight, and with open ports everywhere. It is surrounded by a lattice of support beams and platforms, on which the three Lunars support themselves at various heights as they work on the innards of the thing. "Essence flow is stalling through the tertiary connector," Prowler is explaining, as Rabby listens attentively, and Valon pokes his head out of one of the side-panels to see who's approaching. "Something's detuned the resonant.. hmm?" And Prowler too looks out to witness the approaching trio.

Chi-Yosh is fascinated by the great suit of armor. It is a marvel, to be sure, and obviously it does something... He waves politely to Valon as the man peeps from the panelwork, and offers proper greetings to the other Lunars. Proper for Rabby being a sticking out of his tongue.

"Greetings," says Ramar, looking up at the giant, knight-like, golem. He asks, curiously then, "Er... what is that? I uhm..." He strides closer, "Erm, if we haven't interrupted anything that is," he adds, remembering his manners and greeting everyone with as much cordialness as he can muster.

"This is a warstrider, or guardian gear, or a few other names," explains Prowler cordially, while Rabby listens silently, giving no hint of having noticed Chi-Yosh's action. Valon only smiles as Prowler continues to speak. "They are war machines, designed for siege work and the destruction of behemoths or other great creatures."

"You mentioned something detuning something or another and something messing with the Essence flow... or something along those lines..." muses Ramar, "Does that have anything to do with our presence here? I am not certain of the effect we would have on the local Essence flows, but it is something to think about just the same..." Ramar looks up at the machine, obviously impressed. He then shakes his head, and ponders the other Lunars "Er, and if I might ask... will you teach me about it? It looks absolutely fascinating. And ridiculously complicated."

"It has nothing to do with you, and that is the answer to both questions," replies Prowler shortly. Valon chuckles in a soft voice.

"I see. Then that curiosity shall remain unsatiated... and if we are interrupting something it was unwittingly." Ramar then ponders Chi-Yosh, then Rabby and Valon and Prowler.

Prowler jerks a hand at the party, glancing down at Rabby, and the girl nods her head, walking out of the cave and smiling. "Well, I am at your service," she says formally, bowing.

Chi-Yosh walks closer, stepping aside a moment, to continue surveying the great creation. "It is impressive." He does have to wonder how Prowler came to own such a marvel, but saves it. A returning smile towards Rabby, returning the gesture, before attention shifts to the sorcerer. "Weeping Prowler. I have a question. How is it that you entered my dreams?"

Ramar bows to Rabby when she walks out of the cave. "Good afternoon then. Er... at our service? I take it to mean that we are interrupting. Here let's leave...."

"Rabby," grunts the sorcerer, and the girl nods quickly. "I'll answer your questions, warrior," she says with a smile. "Come on.." And walking, she leads the way into the forest, making her way toward the lake and leading the men, while Gallius stays behind. "My master told me about it as part of my education. He has a Hearthstone, which he'll be using to power the warstrider, that permits him to enter the dreams of others."

So the Warstrider requires a hearthstone to run it. "The power to enter the dreams is a great one," Chi-Yosh says, glancing sideways towards Rabby. "Many believe that dreams carry great omens. With such a power, that could be exploited."

"Ahhhh." Ramar shakes his head, "I'm afraid I have far too many questions about that... I presume it is some form of automoton? Or am I mistaken? It certainly looks as though it could be..." Ramar shrugs a bit, and then nods to Chi-Yosh, "That they do. Although such powers might be warded against..."

"It is a machine powered by magic," explains Rabby. "It is mobile armor, for fighting large enemies and defeating fortified emplacements. Valon will wear it, I think..." She bites her lip, apparently uncertain about something.

Ramar wonders, "Er... what is it that has you uncertain? Is it something that is fit to be worried about, or merely a passing thought?"

"Just a passing thought," the girl says in response, her voice neutral, though she does smile. "Nothing to concern yourselves with."

Chi-Yosh finds it interesting that Valon and Weeping Prowler have tossed aside their misgivings to ally. "Rabby, would you like to go herb hunting?" A disarming smile. "We might take the _Seagull_. Though, no tree-top ramming."

Ramar nods, "Ah. Well if it is nothing to concern ourselves with, then we probably shan't have to worry about whatever it is." Ramar walks along a moment, "Nor will we ask why we shouldn't concern ourselves with it..."

"Sure, I promised I'd show you what grows here," the girl says, brightening up. "The soil is very rich here, with all the rivers that run through the area, and the Elemental Pole isn't too far off.."

Chi-Yosh watches Ramar from the corner of his eye. "I seem to be making a small garden back home; anything of rarity is a precious find, but samples that are uncommon to me, and useful are just as important."

Ramar nods, "That you do. Rare flowers... exotic herbs... we shall have quite the caretaking to do in the future." He ponders Rabby a moment, "So if you won't share what's troubling you at present, might it be possible to persuade you to tell us about yourself? I'm curious to hear about what you went through in the woods, and what you have seen during your travels and trials. If you do not mind sharing tales with us."

Chi-Yosh smiles to himself. The more Ramar and he spends time, the more he decides the man is much like him. Odd, that. But the two of them love to draw the yarn of another out, to explore the facets of people. The three return to the lake, to collect the _Seagull_, that they might cover more ground. Not to mention that the warrior seeks to collect his hearthstone.

While Ramar pilots, and Chi-Yosh navigates, Rabby talks on and on about whatever she is asked about. She apparently has no difficulty relating what her normal life is like out here in the wilderness. The two men glean that she is scarcely younger than either of them, and lived as a city-rat, beggar and thief on the streets of Nexus. Her Exaltation came after an encounter outside the city with a band of Guild slavers, and she evaded all attempts to capture her, escaping into the wilderness. And through the discussion, the silent subtexts of her thoughts are known to Ramar. She fears for the rivalry between Valon and Prowler, but more: she does not understand how two such beings who have so much to fight over can be casually cooperative now.

Ramar will pilot along easily enough, and after getting an idea of what worries Rabby, he comments on the fact that while they have much to fight over, Weeping Prowler and Valon both have much in common to cooperate for. The dealings with the council may have cemented this, in that they both saved face, but that she is right to have worries, for there is likely a motive to the cooperation... yet whatever it is will likely work out for the better. He'll chime in every now and again, until his point has been stated, and then he guides the ship smoothly to the treetops towards the Manse. "Here we are..."

Chi-Yosh's fingers circle around the stone. A contentment fills him. He has worked for this, hard and long. But the work is not finished, only started. The Manse is under his protection, and it is a shame that he cannot stay to watch over it. At least, his attunement will guard the structure for the most part. If he had the capabilities of Ramar or Marina, he would approach the surrounding spirits to aid him for reward, but... A shake of his head. Stepping from the structure, he draws aboard the _Seagull_

"Welcome aboard my friend. All went well, I take it? Glad to see you back in once piece." Ramar raises a curious eyebrow as he studies Chi-Yosh's face. "And now it is you who seems troubled... what has you worried this time? Something to do with the Manse, I wonder?"

"Its defense." Gazing over the structure, "I worry that it is not protected. That I might make the same mistake that Weeping Prowler had." Turning his attention to Ramar. "Can you get the attention of the Spirits? Call them to a meeting?"

"I believe I can... what do you have in mind? Asking for their help?" Ramar gives a bit of a grin. "Well it's worth a shot if nothing else..." He turns to Rabby, and gives her a rather mischevious smile, "Would you care to assist or would you rather like to take the _Seagull_ for a spin again?

The girl shakes her head. "I'm no good with spirits or sailing," she says, "so go ahead."

"We will see what I can offer the spirits in exchange for protection. The Elder said that the spirits would lead one to the owner of a manse, if it wants it. So perhaps I have to give it something worth having." Then again, Chi-Yosh can atleast hope that the spirit will lead others to his door, and not the manse.

"Then again... you may consider offering it a favor in return, simply doing something when the time comes. Such things can be arranged... however..." Ramar shrugs, and ponders. "Well then... shall we see about contacting the nearby spirits?"

---

The offerings - prayer strips, smoked meat from creatures of the woods, and a peculiar weave of sticks and bark - are prepared, and Ramar begins chanting, standing over his collection of chiminage. Minutes pass as the smoke from the burning weave rises up into the boughs and branches and leaves above. There is a faint rustling at last, and out of the bark of the tree before the two men, a shape begins to extend. A humanoid figure, whose brown-barked skin is wrapped in a cloak woven of leaves, and whose eyes are amber, slips outward and alights on the ground. This stick-like figure smiles, creaking softly. It bows slowly, upon seeing who has called it, and its voice is the rustling of wind in leaves. "I am here, Chosen."

Chi-Yosh mirrors the wooden being's greeting. "Thank you for accepting the summons. I seek..." A hault. "I would like to offer a deal. I am Chi-Yosh, Ascending Sun of the Su'Katan. Who am I speaking to, spirit of the wood?"

"Ssssirrath," whispers the sibilant voice. "Chosen of the Eassst, I await your bargain." The figure shifts and twists as the smoke from the pyre rises up toward it and around it.

"I have claimed the Manse close by. I will not always be in the area. I seek aid in its protection. A guardian for my place of power. In exchange..." Chi-Yosh's hands spread.

"In exssssschange..." The spiritual being shifts about uncertainly. "To protect thisss place.... We of the foresssst can do thiss thing for you. But we mussst have sssomething in trade.. give uss thiss foresst for oursselves, let us weave our webs and shut it tight..."

Chi-Yosh is not certain how to take that. Does the elemental mean to have all leave the forest, that they might dominate over it? "How... would I give you what you ask, Sirrath? I will trade a task for you, for a task of you."

"That if loggerssss come here, we will bar them from entering.. and if aught else come that call ussss, we will besssseech you as Masster of the Manssse to give usss justice." The bark-covered creature falls to one knee. "Thisss we have feared, the coming off the loggersss and othersss... give us your protection.."

Chi-Yosh weighs the option. To protect the forest is a good one. And loggers, if unchecked, may strip a forest. Though, he can imagine they might be slain by the angered spirits within, and thus offering the elementals justice may also save the loggers. A nod. "Sirrath, Chosen of the East, I will honor your request, and I swear protectorate of the Maze Forest. Beseech me if you and yours come under harm by the encroaching axes and fire of man."

---

Gallius lets Ramar and Chi-Yosh go where they will. She has business with Valon, and politely requests his attention. "If Weeping Prowler is also to involve himself in this battle, perhaps he also should hear my decision in regards to competing with your war-leader."

While Rabby is directed by the impatient Prowler to attend to the men, Valon hops off the scaffold and inclines his head. "Sure thing," he grins, leaving the sorcerer behind in the cave to tend to the enormous warstrider. Walking through the woods with you, Valon charts a course up the hillside to the left of the waterfall and the mansion behind it. "What's on your mind?"

"I plan on leading your people as well as my own," Gallius replies calmly. She clasps her hands behind her back, walking easily along. "The beastmen are likely to prove powerful infantry, but it is hard to lead a force that lacks cavalrymen. Most of my tactics will rely on horsemen, infantry, and also bowmen, if they can be found." She looks to Valon, "I wish to use a few tactics I've thought of, and this will give me a unique opportunity. However, there is a problem. A matter of tradition."

"Speak on," says the ape-man, smiling as he ascends the hill.

"Among my people, the Captain of an army is given a fitting steed," says Gallius. "My own horse is far away, and he will not have time to adjust to the new me. I will be tapping into a new resource and only the boldest of beasts might stand it. Also I fear Wingfoot will fly from apemen until he has time to adjust. Do you know of a way that my difficulties might be resolved?"

"Walk?" suggests Valon, with a grin. "Perhaps it's time for a new tradition. Or did you have something else in mind?"

Gallius arches an eyebrow at Valon. "You are such an impossible man, honestly. I wonder why my..." She snorts softly, "In any case, as a child I heard tales of exotic creatures that might serve my purposes. Is it not true that fantastic beasts often form near the borders of the Wyld?"

Valon nods as he crests the hill, walking out of the tree cover towards the bank of the fast-moving river that feeds the waterfall. "Yes, they do indeed. And it is also true that they are difficult to tame, fey and wild as their formless masters who lurk in the Wyld, and often very cunning. But, no deed is impossible."

"If I had more time," says Gallius. "Valon, I can not ask this of you," she says simply. "I know it would be quite dangerous to seek such a steed. I do not know if it is even possible for me to win its loyalty. I do know, however, that if my people see me on a beast of the Wyld they will have confidence against anything we should ride against."

Valon chuckles softly. "Or they're convinced you're possessed by the Fair Folk," he adds. In a more serious voice, he continues. "These are dangerous things you do, Lady. Bringing an army of beast-men to your father's troops, riding on fell steeds.. Your ambition is great. So was that of the Solar Exalted of the First Age. They dared tamper with things they ought to have left alone, in their hubris. And the horrors they unleashed left millions of hearts blackened in fear."

"I know," says Gallius softly. "I can only hope that what little I know will protect me from that folley." The lady pauses, seeking the words she must use. "Valon, I desire only to free people from the lies of the Realm and give them the freedom to find their destinies. I am of the Zenith Caste, Valon. Do you understand what that means?"

"It means you're gonna be very unpopular?" suggests the Lunar, with levity in his voice. "To be honest, I ... don't know that much about Solars, or their own Castes. We know little enough about our own."

"I know only what my heart tells me," says Gallius. "I am a blasphemer and heretic, Valon. But I bring the truth and the light of the Unconquered Sun to those who might otherwise be lost. It matters not whether they are men of the Realm, Roleyn, or even beastmen. I have a message. The Unconquered Sun wishes for me to teach all men their value. None are meant to be slaves."

Valon nods, slowly, listening as he looks at Gallius. "My wishes and respect go with you on your crusade," he answers in a soft voice, looking down then at the rapid river-water. "If you defeat my war-chief in the test, his penance to regain honor will be to find and return with a fitting steed, if you wish it. You will be responsible for breaking it."

"Will such a task be safe for him, Valon?" asks Gallius. "I will send none to their deaths. And we shall have a need of him in the battles to come." She sighs softly, her question perhaps odd, but necessary in her mind, "Do you like me, Valon? I know we banter often, which I enjoy, but I wondered just how serious you were." The lady then laughs, "I am a Captain, heir to a throne, and yet I am no more immune to personal interests than anyone else. I wish for a real friend."

"Real friends are hard to come by for Captains and heirs to thrones," Valon says, quite softly, and in earnest. "How do you judge such a thing to be true or false?"

"It is a problem, isn't it?" murmurs Gallius. "Like most things, you simply have to trust your instincts and follow your heart. The mind is hungry for reasons, but they do not always exist." The lady smiles, "I still trust you, Valon. Even though we first met on odd terms, even though you yourself are so different from anyone I've met, I trust you. That is why I wish to be your Captain, Valon. Rarely will I get to work for those who are friendly with me."

Valon nods, and turns away, gazing without words into the river's depths as it flows endlessly down the cliff and through the mansion beneath his feet. He stays silent for long moments, finally stirring. "I.. never learned to trust the Solars. I was not betrayed by them, so much as I was brought up in a time when the legends already contradicted the reality. And so..I suppose I must also say you are unlike any of your kind I have known before."

"We can only restore ourselves through service," answers Gallius. "And I believe that it is wrong for Solars to rule over all men." She pauses for a moment, "Even were I ten times mightier and wiser than another I would still have no right to rule them. Perhaps this time there shall be leaders of each kind and all shall be respected."

"I hate to break it to you," says Valon gently, smiling. "But, you've seen somewhat how Lunars rule. How Lunars WANT to rule. You think that's much better? How about the Sidereals? How trustworthy is your Sidereal patron?" He shrugs a little. "Gallius.... why do you suppose the Lunars fled to the very edges of the Wyld?"

"From what I understand, they were hunted, just as my kind," says Gallius. "I believe the Master is trustworthy. He has a purpose for us, and he uses us for that end, but I think it is in service of what ought to be." The Lady contemplates for a while, "I need to learn all you can tell me, Valon."

"The Lunars fled to the Wyld, because only there could they be safe from divination and the loom of Fate that is the power of astrology. They all fled, almost without exception." Valon's voice is soft. "I want you to think about that for a moment."

"Valon, how powerful is the Realm?" asks Gallius. "I have read stories, but I know very little of what they actually have." She sighs softly, "Valon, I am still like a child. I think I know the right destination, but it's the getting there that will prove most difficult."

The Lunar chuckles softly. "The Realm is a blinded tyrant lizard locked in a very large stadium with many men," he says. "It has great power, but that power is undirected, now. It is not to be wrestled to the ground. But it can be defeated, if one can strike at its weak points while it thrashes, and avoid its tail and talons otherwise."

Gallius smiles. "You give me hope, then. That beast cannot stand in the way of the truth." Her words are soft, but confident. "I will be your war-chief, you know. And if I am, you will have to spend long nights with me. And we'll have to be serious." She is far from serious now, though. "Do you think you can control yourself, Valon?"

"Oh, well, you'll be armed," he grins. "So I wouldn't dare try anything improper. Things that grow back can still hurt when removed, after all."

Gallius laughs softly, "I can't strike my commander, that would be improper." The lady lets her worries slip away again, "Besides, you are assuming that I can control myself. What will you do if I try something, hmm?"

"Oh, well, I'll be armed too," grins Valon. "It'd be a bald faced lie to say I've been preserving my virtue until marriage, but if a man can't enjoy telling a few outrageous untruths, what's the good of living?"

Gallius laughs softly, "I don't think anyone I marry will have much virtue left, at any rate." Gallius sighs deeply, "In any case, soon there will be a reckoning, either one way or the other. If I meet Ma-Ha-Suchi, I will learn something. Unless I die too swiftly. If I do not see him, then I feel I am also answered."

"Oh, don't worry, he'll be armed too," jokes Valon. He smiles, growing only a bit more serious in the wake of his humor. "While I'm sure you may think it's terribly unjust that we hold you to blame for the acts of your predecessors, remember that the hatred that they felt comes with the memories and the power. Remember that within you lives that seed of evil."

"I will not forget," she answers softly. "And if that evil should awake, Valon, I expect you to destroy me. I do not wish to become a slave to my own powers." Gallius shakes her head, "But I would rather not think over it now. It already haunts my dreams."

The Lunar nods slowly. "Well. I certainly expect better of you than those that have come before you, if it is any consolation. Your eyes are open, where theirs were not."

"I am afraid of that possible end, though, Valon. I am no more worthy of my gifts than they were," she replies. "Will it please you to have me leading your people in battle?" She smiles, curious and hopeful.

"It'll please me if you turn out better than my man now," he remarks with a smile. "Pleasure is good for one's mates and companions, or when drinking with one's allies. I prefer pragmatism in battle. But I think you may end up succeeding, and I would be disappointed if you did not."

"If it's less than a sweeping victory I will be disappointed," Gallius confesses. "If it is not swiftly done, there will be few to live through it, and that will be a disaster for us all." She adds, "I do not view your people as animals. I wish to spare them from wasteful death. If I honestly feel we cannot win, Valon, I will tell you so."

"That, too, is victory," says Valon. "It is not fear to retreat from a superior foe, unless you fail to find a weak spot or a better approach."

"I think there are ways to win, if we can turn their strength to weakness," says Gallius. The Lady shifts slightly on her feet, "But we'll see. My circle will hopefully be able to bring two of my friends from Roleyn to join me for training and preparations."

"Who are they?" inquires the curious Valon, having started to walk up the banks of the river again. He gestures with one hand for you to follow with him, and he listens as he walks.

"Gari is one, Malis is the other," answers Gallius. "You will like Gari a lot, I think. He was a horsethief and he's always rolling around in the hay with tavern girls." She laughs softly, "But he's really quite skilled when it comes to getting information. As for Malis, well, he's far more serious, a leech and a warrior."

Valon nods slowly. He walks further, wandering until the rushing falls is a dim sound in the ears, and hunkers down on the ground near the riverbank, looking thoughtful. "If you overcome the Realm, you and your Circle and your Solar allies, what then?" he asks, looking up. "It is easy to say, all would rule, and all would have respect. But how will you make that happen? By force? You alone cannot preach to the entire world, even with the power of the Imperial Manse behind you."

"I am not meant to," she replies softly. "Valon, I'm here for a message. I am not here to enforce rule. I can only see it like this." Gallius pauses to consider. "I think I must cast down the Realm, because they will never let men freely make their choice. But after that? I do not know. I want men to guide their own fates. I am not here to lead them as a god, I fear now I should not even be a Queen over Roleyn. I am changed in so many ways, Valon. Could I really rule over men fairly?"

"Sure, why not?" replies the Lunar, sitting back and looking up at you casually. "If you are wise, and surround yourselves with others who are wise, and have the power to make your wishes into law, then you can rule fairly."

"I wonder." Gallius sounds doubtful. "Isn't that how we failed last time? We ruled everything and everyone, it seems. Such power can never be wielded without being corrupted and destroyed."

"Well, sooner or later, someone will rule everything," points out Valon. "That's an irrefutable law of the world. And that someone will be a creature of power, or several such beings, whether Deathlord, Fair Folk ruler, or some other diabolical being. Once it was the Scarlet Empress, and her power failed her. But, you Solars are not the Solars of the First Age. It may be that you will succeed where they failed."

"If we do, it will be through fear of ourselves and respect of those who stand with us," says Gallius. "I hope never to be thrust in such a position. I want only a small duty, not the weight of an entire world."

"Then why did you accept your Exaltation?" asks Valon softly. "What is it you were told, or offered, or asked, when it happened?"

"Because I did not want to die," she answers softly. "And because I did not wish to fail my people. If both heirs were dead, it would have lead to another civil war, I fear." The lady shrugs, "Maybe those are stupid reasons for such a burden, but.. maybe there was more to it. Perhaps because I am so uncomfortable with this role I am ideal for it."

Valon nods slowly, regarding the waters of the river beyond, listening to its rich and melodic song, gentle before it grows in strength to pour down the cliff face. "Yes. Yes, I believe that is the truth. And I hope you will never forget it, Lady."

Gallius smiles calmly, "Valon, I.." For a moment she pauses, struggling carefully for the ideal words. "Thank you. I appreciate the sentiment of someone agreeing with something I say. Even if it is just sentiment."

"Oh, well," replies the ape-man, waving a hand carelessly and smiling. "I can't give out too much good advice, or people blame me when it turns out to be bad. But in principle I agree with much that you have said. I think you are wise to the dangers of that which you attempt. Perhaps I am simply advising caution because it is I who fear for your failure, hmm? Am I reassuring myself?"

"If you care, that pleases me," says Gallius. "It's a sign that maybe we can slowly repair the mistakes of the past, and maybe, just maybe, find our way to a world where great things happen." She looks skyward, letting herself relax somewhat, "Things are slowing down again."

"With me? I'm insulted," grins Valon, laying back on the grass and resting his hands behind his head. "Don't give up the chase so soon, I was just starting to enjoy it."

"That's not what I meant," says Gallius. "The world is taking a breath.. soon everything will scream into motion again." She laughs softly, "As for chasing.. I was hoping you would pursue me. I've never felt hunted in that way before."

"Oh, I'll get right on that," says Valon, not moving an inch from where he lays like a shiftless bum on the grass, one knee folded up over the other and both hands behind his neck. His eyes are closed, but he opens one and swivels it in your direction. "You know, it seems like you're the one doing the hunting. At last count, you have a not-so-ex-husband from the First Age who you want to do, well, SOMETHING with, you have this arranged dynastic marriage of yours back home. What am I? Your concubine while you're out in the woods?"

"Maybe you are, Valon," answers Gallius. "A girl has to see what she's worth, doesn't she? And besides, I don't want a marriage with Ma-Ha-Suchi. At most I can hope for some measure of understanding. I'm not nearly old enough to pair well with him, now. As for the other marriage." She sighs softly, "Casus was sweet, wonderful, and romantic with me, and that I cannot forget, but he will die so soon. If I am told rightly, my span will be thousands of years." The lady confesses, "I am afraid of losing him. If he holds my entire heart in his hands and he should die.."

"So why not use sorcery to extend his life?" asks the Lunar. "I mean, I've heard tales from the uttermost west, of a Celestial censor who keeps a mortal lover. He's made her forever young. I imagine it can't be all that difficult if you really put you rmind to it."

"You really can do that?" asks Gallius. "I had no idea. But.. he would have to consent to it," she adds. "And if I were in his position.. would I so eagerly agree to live past the spans of all my close friends and kin? I can only ask him to find out."

"I suppose it depends. But I can think of far less honorable fates, and I know I would wish any of my kinsmen the very best he could have, if opportunity presented itself." Valon shrugs from the ground. "Do you think, that if he were offered immortality, that those who love him and respect him would wish for him not to take it? That sort of petty selfishness is alright for a Dynast, but is that the family of the sort of man you want to marry?"

"Casus' family is.. well, they are weird," she answers. Gallius smiles, "They are wild, I guess you would say, and fiery. But they are also true and honest." The lady shrugs, "As for living forever, I think it is not a matter of his relatives envying him as it is him wishing to outlive all of them."

"Well, I suppose you ought to talk to him about what he wants then?" suggests Valon gently.

Gallius nods slowly. "I will. I will not be angry if he doesn't want me, now. So much has changed, and yet.. so much has not." Gallius lets out a soft sigh, "I really shouldn't fret about that now."

"Sure," says Valon softly, laying back again and closing his eyes. "Come on. Lay down, unburden yourself, and listen to the river with me," he invites with a smile.

Gallius laughs softly, nodding quickly. She will wander closer to Valon and throw herself down carelessly. "Thanks again, Valon," she whispers.