The gray cat that sometimes lounges on Cloudburst's stacked books and scroll-cases, and other times suns itself on the roof of the palace in Bridal Veil, and still other times can be found insouciantly strolling through the throne room during matters of state, is a familiar sight to the Solars. It is the pet of the Scavenger Lord they befriended, and they trust it to the extent that they trust her. And since she has been put in charge of the lore of the sorcerous library Chi-Yosh founded, her cat has an almost equal pass. And so it is present, scratching at its ears idly, when Cloudburst and the Solars speak of seeking out the Book of Three Circles.

This cat takes its time in leaving the library. And after sunset, as it has ambled its way up the mountainside path in search of something, a burly warrior with a Lunar moonsilver weapon speaks with a Sidereal companion who stands with him, overlooking the city of Bridal Veil as it enjoys a moment of peace. "For my honor, I must report news of the Book to the elders," he says in a matter-of-fact voice.

Coranna nods slowly, "I imagined it must be so," she says gravely. "We must do what we think best. But I wonder what they shall do." The Sidereal pauses, thinking carefully. "I imagine they will want someone to be directly involved." She looks to her companion and smiles, "I think you would be a fine choice."

"That is for the elders to decide," replies Wolf Brother, gravely. "If they wish me to go, I will. If they choose a more cunning Changing Moon to watch as affairs unfold, I will return to my other duties." He says this with a grimace, acknowledging silently that most of his 'duties' are seemingly very lazy of late. "A guardian is not... suited for some things," is all he says, mustering what diplomacy he can.

"We will be going, I think, in any case," says Coranna. She considers her words with care, "I hope the other Lunars are as capable as you are. At least I do not have to fear that they will grasp the seriousness of this situation. That book holds all the knowledge of the First Age. If they truly can find it, and from what I've been told, they can, everything will change."

---

The Sidereal stands alone on the mountaintop; Wolf Brother has long since taken hawk form, flying north to make his report. She awaits an event as inevitable as the sun's rise, and it comes just as expected. The Fisher comes into view, climbing the mountain path easily. He, too, has foreseen this meeting. All is going according to the plan of destiny. "It is time for us to make our report, is it not?" he asks. He need not say what is being reported, nor to whom.

"On the scale of things that we have done since our very creation," begins Coranna gravely, "What we are about to endeavor to achieve stands near the very pinnacle." She turns her violet eyes to the Fisher and muses, "Time? Yes. It is time. There is still time."

The Fisher becomes someone else, someone he dreamed just for such occasions as this. And this nameless scholar gestures, commanding the Calibration Gate to appear before him. He bows, becoming the Fisher again, permitting Coranna to precede him through.

The pair are taken to the Bureau of Destiny by an aerial rickshaw. Disembarking from the remarkable craft, both enter. "The Convention of the East," says the Fisher in response to the greetings of an underling-spirit, and the two are guided into a wide pillared chamber in which several men and women are seated. They rise and bow politely as the pair enter. Coranna can see that several Bronze Faction Sidereals are also here.

"The Solar Circle who now commands the Hundred Kingdoms area are searching for the Book of Three Circles," announces the Fisher without preamble. "They have two leads they are pursuing." Even among the foresighted Chosen of the Maidens, this draws stirs and breath; this could upset all their calculations.

Coranna listens to the fisher and allows the stir to wind around the gathering. She grows impatient as it drags on and raises her voice to speak, "I have been attending them for some time, and I have seen what they can do." She looks around, meeting eyes here and there. Gold and Bronze Faction know that she lies in the center, maintaining her neutrality with care. "In my estimation they are more capable of finding this than any others. In my estimation they will seek and find the Book of Three Circles. As is expected with Solars, I have had little ability to influence events greatly. My role as librarian is proving more useful in guiding than shifting destiny more directly. I have some questions of my own in that matter, but they may not be wise to voice here."

"They will not find it," announces a voice from behind the Fisher and Coranna. It is an old voice, ringing with authority in even the smallest pronouncement. It is full of confidence, and cold calculation. "The lead they pursue will end up nowhere. And there is one other thing." The Steersman - Chejop Kejak himself - has entered the chamber. Now he walks toward the table, and around it in a slow orbit as he speaks. "There is one other thing. The Book has a security system, a system with but one key, and that key was destroyed in the Usurpation. Should they or any other find it by dumb luck --" And here his voice twists the last two words around bitterly "-- they will accomplish very little."

Coranna turns and bows deeply to The Steersman. She does not disagree with him openly, of course, but she does say, "They seem to have an amazing store of dumb luck."

"Yes, they do," grunts the old man. He takes a seat at the table, while another Sidereal - also of the Bronze Faction - speaks. "Now, Fisher, tell us more about their search. We of the other Conventions need to know. We must be able to plan accordingly." To this the Fisher shakes his head slowly, smiling. "I will tell you no more," he says. "While I agree that it would be disastrous to have the Book in their possession, I have taken the steps required of my position and I will not take more." This causes a stir of whispers among the Convention members, especially those of the Bronze. _Is he defecting?_ This is the unspoken question they ask now.

Coranna looks to Fisher and then looks to the Steersman. She thinks now the question must be asked. It is too late for silence. "We have wound fate so long that we may have overlooked something. We too are servants of fate, and these Solars shift destinies about them like a fish shifts water." Sidereals do not need to hear her voice the question. It is clear enough: Are we, too, being shifted?

This also causes a great stir among the Convention-members, and the Bronze Faction's informal delegates get an almost smug look on their faces. "There is one defense against that fate," says the Fisher. "To overstep my place in the tapestry of fate to satisfy my own feelings - is that not the seed of the Solar madness that led to the Usurpation?" he asks softly. "We should disregard our attitudes and, if you will permit me, our prejudices, and continue to work for the furtherance of destiny and the safety of Creation." The Steersman chuckles, then, and all others fall silent. "Well said, both of you," he says, then continues in a more even tone. "That the Solars can compel loyalty from those around them - no matter who - is one more sign of the obvious danger they pose to stability."

"We should then plan for disaster," suggests Coranna. "That they will try to find this book is obvious. That they have information that may lead them to it is understood. The question then is what we do to address this possibility, however remote it is."

"That will be decided as it always has," announces the Steersman. "Everyone here will be called to their respective conventions to aid in planning. Attendance is mandatory. Honesty is vital. We will work our prophecies, with the best data available." He stands, circling the table again. "Whatever must happen, we will make happen."

---

Pantelpras Pree is a cunning man. While he normally keeps the particulars of his business dealings private, the Guildsman trusts his fleet's captains implicitly. And so on one evening, a raven glides in on black wings and lands on the deck of his flagship. It shudders for a moment, then rests still again, pecking idly at the wood. An unseen presence drifts on the night air, creeping under the wooden door of a cabin like a sentient fog in search of prey. It drifts over and around the captain of the flagship, and in a moment the Nemessary takes possession of the man's mind. Guided by spectral commands whispered to his body, he rises unsteadily and makes his way to Pree's cabin. By the time the marionette arrives, the Nemessary is fully in command of the man's faculties.

"Sir," calls the man's voice through the door, and Pree admits his captain. "What can I do for you?" he asks, and the captain, helplessly in thrall of the dead thing inside, enters and sits. "Well, sir, it's about those fancy visitors in their airship, sir. Thought I recognized 'em. Was wondering what their business was?" Pree sees no harm in hiding the facts from his captain, and briefly he explains.

The possessed captain nods slowly. "Think I might be able to help 'em out," he says finally, in a jovial voice. "I'll go talk to Tal, see what he told 'em." And with that, he rises to leave. A few minutes later, the Nemessary has a very satisfactory interview with the sailor Tal, learning of the Solars' goal, then returns to his own vessel. And at midnight, as the captain flings himself overboard to a watery doom, the Nemessary who commanded it flees the body, chuckling, and takes command again of the raven that brought it here. _Walker shall reward me for this news,_ it thinks to itself, as it vanishes into the endless night.

---

Gallius' days are beyond hectic. They are insane marathons of activity. She wakes before dawn, making rounds, studying reports, and asking so many questions even Marina's patience is wearing thin. It's clear the Queen is troubled by what is happening. Preparations are hurrying on all fronts.

Gallius has sent a message to the Lunars, saying simply that she is kicking over the ant hill and soon the insects will be swarming out. What she means is more clear when one realizes where her best people are put to work. The Brides of Ahlat are given the suggestion that attacking the Varang City States would gain them much favor in her eyes. She is still not entirely sure how they view her. Another thing to interrupt her rest, no doubt. Next she sketches out a letter to the Master, a request for a Solar, a person wholly obsessed with craft. Gallius knows that Davron's mind must turn to what they are about to uncover. She cannot distract him with trifles, even if the capital is of critical importance. Another set of hands seems logical, and no one is better than the Master at finding what is needed when it is needed.

The elusive spy is given his mission in the usual, cryptic way. Gallius rides Jin-nu out and when she is most certain she is not being watched, simply waits. After a few minutes, she calls out, "I have a task for you, if you are willing." When a stone bounces by her she considers it for a moment. It is tipped with her foot, revealing a hastily scrawled 'go on'. The mission is simple, if difficult. The west must be targeted. Coral is to face the most amazing plague of accidents and disasters seen in modern times. Yana shall be sent, as well. With the information of the Spy, she should do very well.

Gallius other point of attack comes from her friend Yurgen Kaneko. She offers him five thousand troops and supplies if he will ready for war with the Linowan. She assures him that any who would interfere from the river shall face terrible resistance, effectively promising him as free a hand as he could want in the north. And a greater capability to see things done. Even with all this preparation, the Queen has time to train herself physically, pressing herself harder and harder, learning new uses of the potent essence that coarses through her very being. When she comes from the training field she is covered in sweat and glowing with the power of the Solars.

The forges of Davron's workshop roar with life, but the half-circle on his brow competes with the flames in illuminating the central cavern as he heats the blade of Midmorning Sakura to a dull glow. It is but the penultimate step in a process that has taken the Solar craftsman many days to complete.

Indeed, the first step began at Harborhead many months ago, when Gallius led the charge against the walls defending the Southern canyons. A shard of granite from the mighty blow struck by her gargantuan steed, still imbued with echoes of the Essence that Gallius channeled to shatter the barrier.

The shard is ground to a gritty powder, then heated to melting, while Davron stirs the mixture with an orichalcum-tipped rod and sings a song of Gallius' triumph over the walls. The powder is allowed to cool, and then ground and heated again, this time to a song of the Solar Queen's caution and wisdom in dealing with the Abyssals at Kirighast.

A third time, the stone is told a tale of the compassion Lady Arafein felt for Chandra, and how she strove to help her find a marriage of joy rather than convenience. And lastly, Davron sings of the endurance of the woman who put her life at risk, diving into a frigid lake to restore a weapon to hands that had so recently sought to drive that very weapon into her flesh.

And now on the final day of Davron's labors, the rock was ground a final time, and now sits in a bowl beside him as the blade of the naginata is prepared to receive it. And Davron pours the fine dust upon the orichalcum-steel, and Essence roars around him as the hammer strikes, again and again, forging the blade anew with the very heart and soul of Gallius' virtues.

The journey North will be an arduous one. To that end, Ramar has spent the last few days playing valet. It takes little effort, given his bureaucratic maneuvering, to secure the necessary equipment, and even less to see to it that it's loaded aboard the airship. Clothing is laid out for those who will be travelling to the frosty depths of the North and as the others finish their business, Ramar tidies the last few rooms on the airship, making sure all is in perfect working order. "We're ready," he says, when at last the time to leave arrives.

There is not even a lurch as the ship lifts from its bay. Indeed, nothing save for the scenery passing by at a rapid pace around and below the ship would even signify that the ship is moving. Ramar's been practicing. "In a day or so, you'll want to put on the warmer clothes. We'll be entering the North. Now, I trust everyone's ready?"

The Solar Wanderer barely leaves his position at the helm of the great ship. Maybe once or twice he can be seen to disappear into the ship below, presumably to eat, or to sleep, but for the most part, he pilots the vessel... just watching, waiting. His senses are enhanced of course, enabling him to feel the slightest disturbances... and more importantly, enabling him to better spot any... unwelcome visitors. _They've taken one ship from me. I will make them earn the next one they try to take..._ As the miles wind by, the air grows thinner, grows colder. The sky turns from blue and clear to covered with grey clouds that block even the Unconquered Sun's heat. Ice forms briefly on the edges of the ship as it passes through a sudden snowstorm.

At last they near their goal: the cold-gripped streets of Icehome. Fate is twisting like a vise around their quest, and with their lead to the book possibly anywhere in or around Icehome, the urgency is felt in every mile that slips past the Essence-livened engine of their ship. The sky shifts slightly, and the downpour of snow seems to halt, for the time being, though the wind has clawed at the places to mark its passage, and leave its care in the hands of the ice spirits. "We're here," Ramar announces. "Icehome. Bundle up everyone."

Icehome rests to the west of the River of Tears' outlet into the White Sea. It is less of a city per se than a community of survivors, bound together under a common law. The streets are little more than cold stone; the houses are fur-clad yurts or tents, and a disproportionate number of them are built using the bones or even near-complete skeletons of giant animals. At the center of the settlement is a high hill, around which eight armored knights stand guard. Each wears jet-black superheavy plate armor, and holds a halberd at attention. At the top of the hill is a distinctive shape: a crystal skull that ripples and shimmers as the light strikes it.

Gallius comes from belowdecks shortly after Ramar calls, dressed for the cold, and dressed rather richly, at that. She draws a skillfully embroidered cloak about her. The hood she has drawn up to hold the cold at bay. She looks out across this strange place curiously, silently studying, for now.

Despite its crude appearance, it is several miles in size, comparable to Great Forks or the other hubs of civilization in more temperate lands. Pennant flags stitched from flayed mammoth hides and other things fly from several of the larger tents, describing a simple scheme of neighborhoods.

Leaving their airship behind, and in the capable and apparently trustworthy hands of the harbormen, the Solars begin traveling toward the enormous field of fur-clad tents that make up this strange place. Dusk comes in time, as they cross a large open space between "buildings", and this time and location afford them an experience new to all.

The air has felt unaccountably warm, though certainly far from hot, ever since they passed the marker-posts that designated the apparent borders of Icehome. Now, as the crystal skull at the center of the community begins to grow luminant in the waning light, the Solars can feel the chill of the dusk tangibly sucked from their bodies. What's left can only be described as warmth, and certainly more of it than any time since they left the Scavenger Lands. Meanwhile, the skull throbs with power. At last, having apparently gathered enough energy and cold from the air, it discharges a lance of pure ice into the heavens with a resounding roar that shakes the ground underfoot. Around them, the Solars can see the townsfolk who are out pause as the discharge takes place. They return to their business immediately after; this is nothing extraordinary for them, it seems.

After a few moments, the Solars begin orienting themselves, casting about to spot the banners and such flying high over certain of the larger tents. What they realize is that these are the heraldic symbols of families or peoples. What they further notice is that the personal symbols of at least two Deathlords are represented here. Nevertheless, the areas concerning "external commerce" - the flag of an aristocratic Guildsman known along the River of Tears - and "internal governance" - unsurprisingly, a variation on the crystal skull - can be spotted.

Carefully the Solars make their way through thoroughfares and along streets. They pass many wagons, drawn by oxen (or men), loaded with the riches of the North and the wealth of the East. They pass homesteaders and merchants and citizens, and beings garbed in long black robes whose faces are concealed by reflective masks. At length they come to a large tent, whose structure is built from the rib-bones of a great whale. Guards stand at attention before the tent-flaps.

A brief conversation with the black-suited soldiers ensues. It turns out that they are not ignorant of the landing of an airship here, and the Circle's ownership of it is enough to permit entry. Anyone who comes in the rare and valuable First Age flying machines is by definition a person of wealth and influence, and thereby a person of interest to Icehome.

Inside, at a table, a figure sits, flanked by attendants. He is reviewing a large tome, flipping page after page as he lazily reads. This is what first draws the Circle's attention: his fingers are wizened and dessicated, with blackened talons instead of fingernails. He wears a long robe with a hood that conceals his face from casual inspection, although four faint pinpoints of light are visible within. "Come in," he calls, in a voice that reeks of the grave. The attendants around him bow politely, withdrawing to far corners of the tent. "Have a seat, and rest yourselves."

Gallius manages to not wrinkle her nose. She's smelled the aftermath of battles, and the ability to ignore her senses is one she is very grateful for at the moment. She carefully arranges her skirts, then turns her eyes to consider her host. She reminds herself that you have to go through the darkness to reach the light and speaks calmly, "Your hospitality is most appreciated. My name is Lioness." She will allow her companions to introduce themselves.

Chi-Yosh is surprised to find Death having wormed its' way so close into the government here. Even if the sight of the Deathlords' presence was worry enough, their minions inside calling the shots is worth wariness while in the city. The masked one is given a bow. "Owl." Lacking any pleasantries, the Dawn steps aside by Gallius, a glance to Ramar. While never one for impatience, he feels a sudden urgency to retrieve their quarry.

Davron glances but once at the being behind the desk, and his usual intense curiosity is promptly stifled. He bows stiffly and takes the offered seat, offering his name as "David" with a voice whose calm is the result of an effort of will.

There is a little more than wrinkling of Ramar's nose. His eyes have seen things that they were not quite yet ready to see. Still, Ramar is strong, internally if not externally, and so he endures this with a mumbled excuse and a glance away. Some place. Anyplace, as long as it is away from the hooded... thing. He shudders. When he can finally regain his composure, he turns his attention back towards their guest, his eyes wary, and perhaps weary. His voice is still a little shaky when he speaks. "I am Paths. We are here to speak with one of the men jailed here, if we might be granted an audience."

"Speaking to prisoners is a right given to all visitors," the dead thing replies in its gaunt voice. "I will have Xinakros escort you." It snaps two withered fingertips together and one of the mortal attendants hovering about steps forward, and bows. "This way, madam, sirs," he says in a polite voice, and moves to guide the Circle out of the tent.

Xinakros hears the name and description given to the Circle. He nods quickly, seemingly in recognition, and guides the Circle almost to the southern border-markers. Here, in a quarry where stone has been mined in the past, several caves and tunnels have been repurposed as prison cells. "In a place like this, drunks and madmen are kept in restraint," explains the native guide as he descends the steps. "Thieves are summarily executed - I don't expect you outlanders to understand." And at the base of the quarry, he points to a particular 'cell'. "That one."

Dusk has come and gone. In the dim light of the cell, as guttering torches are lit up by the night-watch, the Circle can see the man that Tal dealt with - the man once called Harmony of Thought, and now anything but. His hair is a wild white color, and his eyes are solid black orbs. He's a pitiful wretch, emaciated, with the bulging veins of madness on his high forehead. He stands up warily, nearly collapses, and staggers out to the limit of the bars. "H-hello," he calls, in a voice soft as a child's.

"Hello," replies Ramar, keeping his voice soft in this old mine... after all, there are some things that it is just not worth disturbing. "We've come to talk with you, for a moment. Are you hungry? I have some rations that you might share, if you like, and are able..."

The usual hard eyes of Gallius soften as she sees the remains of the man called Harmony of Thought. She moves for the bars and offers her hand. "I am Lioness," she says softly, "We have come to help you."

"They feed me well enough, but thank you for.. for..." The madman pauses, his black eyes twitching for a moment, and then he bursts into a storm of violent shouting. "MONSTERS! COMING TO EAT ME! EATING ME FROM THE INSIDE! WORMING THROUGH MY THOUGHTS! MUST STOP THEM!"

_I have a guess as to what might have him thinking thusly._ "We can help you," answers Ramar. "Help you stop the monsters. Keep them from eating you from the inside. If you will let us help you." Ramar studies this poor fellow, becoming curious and concerned now as to whether or not things from the depths of Creation really ARE trying to worm their way through his thoughts... _Given what I have seen... I would not be surprised._

"NOTHING CAN STOP THEM! THEY ARE--!" And at this, Harmony of Thought seems almost to freeze up. Then he shakes his head a little, and the curiously timid voice returns. ".. I'm sorry," he whispers. "But I must get free. Will you help me? I can see...... I...... MONSTERS IN HUMAN FORM!" The rant has returned, and his thin hands grip the relentless bars of the cage that keeps him safely inside the cell. He shakes them furiously, emptying his lungs and going hoarse with the effort. "YOU'RE ALL DEMONS COME FOR ME!"

After a moment, Davron feels the currents of Essence flowing steadily into his soul from the cell, and the man, and all things around them. A great dark cloud pervades his being, though no clear spirits are shown possessing him or even near him. Whatever has touched this man has broken his mind, though it does not linger around him now. He can be saved - with the right power.

Davron winces, as the man's ravings strike uncomfortably close to the truth - or at least to a certain perspective on the truth. He shakes his head, turning to Chi-Yosh. "He's seen more than any man should see, I deem, and it's marked his spirit - but it does not follow him, at least."

Chi-Yosh frowns, watching the sliver of a man go through the motions of madness. After listening to Davron's observations, the Dawn gives a prognosis. With a word or two to their guide, he walks from the quarry and back to the ship, returning shortly with _kau la ro_, a moss found in caves along the rivers of the Northeast, and a bucket of steaming water. The bucket is sat before the bars, and into it goes the moss. After several moments, a foul vapor rises up. Harmony of Thought, with coercion, kneels down and inhales the scented steam. The Dawn adds a few more slivers of the moss, as the man's muscles begin to relax.

After making sure that the prisoner is doing fine, and that the _kau la ro_ is working, Ramar turns to Xinakros. "I would like to speak to the head of the jail once more, if I might. I seems to me that you might not need to be troubled by this madman for much longer, and thus you can free your cell for more... less noisy inmates?"

"That's not my decision," says Xinakros. "You'd better take it up with the chief." He jerks a thumb upward and away, toward the administrative tent.

Ramar nods, "I shall then. I will return shortly." He gives another shudder at the thought of dealing with that... creature, and bows to his circle mates. "If I do not return in half an hour, or send word, then something has gone terribly wrong..." he gives a grin, and then begins the trek towards the administrative tent.

Back at the tent, the guards re-admit Ramar. Again the gaunt and dessicated creature sitting at the table beckons politely for the Solar to sit. "You've had a pleasant interlude with your, er, associate?" he asks, in that sepulchral voice.

"Yes... something like that." Ramar eases into his seat, knowing what lay beneath the hood, he does not look to make sure. "Pleasant to some extent though. I have come to ask you if we might take him off of your hands, such as it is. The cell could be freed for someone who is less noisy, and we might help him to recover from... well... to recover, after a fashion."

"You need only prove to my satisfaction that he will be better with you than here," says the crypt thing, waving a taloned hand. "Though we live a harsh life here, we are not without compassion."

"Very well then..." Ramar watches the talon-handed being carefully. "Before I do though, I would ask to know by whose standards his being 'better off' will be judged? We can offer him a place where he may rest his weary broken mind, and work to mend it, keeping him in peace and away from these others, so as not to worry them, or our associate."

Ramar says, "But this will do me little good, if you mean him to be better off by some other standard of judgement..."

"If you can do that, then you are more capable of serving his needs than we," replies the specter behind its hood. "Now, how will you accomplish this?"

"You have seen how we arrived. I should hope that answers your questions as to his safety and transportation, as well as a place in which to heal, in the Eastern Reaches of the Scavenger Lands. As to the healing itself, our healer is quite skilled. While we may not be fully supplied here, with what we have, we are able to ease his suffering, at least to some degree of lucidity. With the plants of the Eastern Forest, easing his mind back to the realm of the sane should not prove too difficult... though it may be lengthy." Replies Ramar, doing his best to keep his answers as honest as they can be.

"I see," mumbles the dead thing, contemplating. "Return with my attendant when you are through speaking to him, and I will make my decision then."

"Very well." Ramar bows his head, "Thank you for your time and your consideration..." With that, Ramar turns back towards the cells, and rejoins his Circle.

---

Night in Icehome is quiet, and surprisingly warm for the climate - the Cold-Eyed Skull has discharged another blast of ice into the waiting heavens. Xinakros returns to his master, and inside they have a brief but meaningful conversation. He returns, and gestures, and two guards step up to flank him. "We'll escort you back to the cells," he explains. "You will take responsibility of the prisoner."

Ramar travels with the guards and Xinakros. Once more they descend down to the rocky depths of the makeshift prison. The prisoner is still relaxed, it will be some time before his slumber turns to fitful slumber, then hopefully a while longer before the fitful slumber turns to fitful wakefulness. "Dream well..." mutters Ramar as he lets a mote of Essence travel invisibly from his hands to the forehead of the resting man. "Come on then." Ramar helps to carry him up and out of the prison. _And now this first task is done. I hope we do not need to come back here anytime soon... though, I get the feeling we might._

The return trip is begun as quickly as is possible. The ship lurches to a start, all efforts being put into speed, rather than ease of piloting. Ramar mans the helm, staring off into the grey wastes of the sky with an intent, almost lost expression on his face. That night, the ship's brig is filled with the screams of the man they have rescued. A few more herbs might calm his weary mind, but they must land for the care to be anything worthwhile. As the night turns into the day, and back again, the lands to the East are drawing nearer and nearer. Soon, they reach the Nation of the Sun, and Chi-Yosh is left to tend to the former prisoner, and Ramar, for the first time since leaving Icehome, sleeps... though it is not a peaceful slumber. Not yet.

"The visions are TEARING ME OPEN!" Harmony of Thought struggles against his chains, as if hoping to pull the offending from his body. But the binds are secure, and even lined along the inside with fur, to keep them from abrasions of the skin. After sitting with him for several hours, Chi-Yosh can only shake his head. Some men can climb from madness after diving inside, Shamans who draw ancient and hidden knowledge from their journey. Yet unlike a wound that can heal over time, Harmony of Thought's sickness is like a sand that was once a mountain: nothing natural can restore it to the state it once was. "The mental wounds are not mere scratches, but deep furrows; no drug will patch him up."

Davron confers with Chi-Yosh, and contemplates the darkness he'd seen upon the man's soul, quickly agreeing that only magic can cure the taint which magic surely placed upon him. What magic can lead the man through the darkness and back into the light of reason? Upon the return to the Nation, the savant of Twilight pores through his library, and finds references to sorceries that can restore a mind - but these magics are all of such surpassing power that he can think of no way to learn them but to seek out the Book of Three Circles itself, whose fate lies hidden behind Harmony of Thought's madness. Can even the Solar Exalted open a box with the crowbar that's inside it?

Dismissing this thought, Davron briefly searches through tales of artifacts long hidden, soon realizing that such powers are more the realm of a more versatile kind of magic - Hearthstones, whose nature is shaped by the complex occult architecture of Manses. Though he cannot find precisely what he is looking for, he finds a close analogue - a gemstone that can purge its Exalted wearer of infirmities of mind. He calls the Circle together again. "We must go to the Machine once more, to seek a Manse that bears a Stone of Clear Thought. I believe I can reshape the manse so that its Hearthstone will be a closer fit to our needs."

The trip to the Machine is either blissfully calm or mind-numbingly boring, depending on the point of view of the passenger. For Gallius, the latter is definitely true. She imagines she should be grateful that the ship isn't under fire, but the boredom of travel gets to her when so much remains to be done.

Having spent much of her time couped-up in the airship, Gallius becomes understandably restless. Unfortunately for the wandering hobgoblins near the Machine, she selected them as an outlet. Again and again her naginata lashes out with the devastating might of her convictions, and the deadly accuracy of her courage, and a speed carefully tied to her own self-control. The attempts to harm her circle are warded away by raw compassion given form.

Since her return from the Realm Gallius' strength has clearly grown. She does not tire, the Lioness goes on, leaving a swath of ruined Fair Folk in her path, their bodies shattered like thin clay. Her expression is grim as she works, and the path she carves is a wide one, and cleared utterly of her foes.

When the path is clear and the machine is reached, she comes back to the ship, which she departed ahead of the others (without letting them know, of course.) "The path is clear," she says, and the brilliance of her anima banner makes it obvious what she has done. The walk to the Machine is considerably more quiet (and disappointingly boring) the second time around.

Once again the Great Machine comes to life, and the Solars begin to tensely study the glowing map of dragon-lines and Essence loci. It takes two wearying days to locate a candidate stone, one whose basic properties can cure any madness the bearer possessed - or gains while wearing the stone. Davron, remembering the passages from the _River of Heaven_ that dealt with altering a Manse's occult architecture to subtly change the properties of its Hearthstone. He also remembers that to regrow a stone will take a month's time. A small price to pay, if it helps lead to the Book of Three Circles.