Training in the art of Solar archery is an arduous physical challenge, and so Davron craves a break for more intellectual pursuits. And thus he is here, once again in the chamber of the Book. "Please list a brief summary of the magical contrivances that would be needed to lift the weight of a citadel weighing roughly thirty thousand tons," he says.

_The Deliberative constructed roughly thirty-five flying cities in this weight class,_ come the dry tones of the Book. _Lifting effect typically achieved by means of a Cumulodynamium device. Energy supplied by a variety of sources -_ A flickering column of entries appears in the air with a list - the vast majority of which Davron has never heard of before.

Davron interrogates the book further about the Cumulodynamium and the energy technologies listed - and his heart sinks as it becomes clear that both the engine and its power sources were created with technologies far beyond anything available in the Second Age.

_I suppose I shouldn't be surprised,_ Davron thinks to himself. Undeterred, he inquires further about acceptable substitutes - but these, too, are thin on the ground when compared to the technology available to him. Finally, he stands up, with a meager sheaf of notes that he's collected. "Thank you. Request concluded," he addresses the Book, then departs.

His course now takes him in search of the Hierophant, Egress. This task is going to require a lot of improvisation - a _lot_ of it. And although Davron's talents are not inconsiderable, even designing the substitute parts he will need is going to be the work of many months. Or rather, man-months - for as he had originally suspected, this job is not for him alone. Perhaps Egress will be able to help him bring together other members of his caste.

Egress is to be found not in the throne room, but in the library that Cloudburst has worked so very studiously to accumulate. She has before her many maps and books, all focused on those nations most closely allied to the Realm. Those nations that happen to be a threat to Ma-Ha-Suchi's forces.

Davron has enough of a sense of politics to grasp Egress' focus from the maps arrayed on the tables around her. "I... hope I'm not interrupting your thoughts, Egress," he says, coughing politely.

"It's nothing to worry about," says Egress simply. She looks up from her maps, letting out a soft sigh as she slips to her feet. "What can I do for you, Davron? I imagine that this has something to do with the capital, though.." She taps her lip for a moment, then laughs. "You know, it's so hard not to think of when we first came here.. and wonder at how much has changed. Anyhow, what can the Heirophant do for you?"

Davron chuckles. "The citadel indeed," he remarks, before sobering again. "The Book's blueprints, as I'm sure you'd guess, are beyond our technology to use, and coming up with substitutes is going to be several years' work - if I work alone." He leans on the table, which wobbles under his hand. Slightly vexed, he thumps on it, and it stops wobbling. "If you want the Citadel aloft before the Deathlords gather on our doorstep, we must reassemble the Twilight caste."

Egress considers for a moment. "Our kindred are difficult to muster," she says softly. "It will take some doing, but if we make certain concessions, I believe I can gather you some aid. Naturally those that are most useful to us will be those who demand the highest price. We all have our own visions of what must be. It will be some time before I can truly master the hearts of the Chosen, so that they can better understand how all of our desires can be achieved together."

Davron nods. "It will not be cheap," he acknowledges. "They will want a share of the end result, in some form - or some sort of access to the Book, perhaps." He grins crookedly. "Still, I think they will find it difficult to resist a challenge like this."

"I hope so," says Egress softly. "And their circles shall have their prices, as well," she adds. "Still, even such things as payments can bind them closer to us. The Deathlords are the great fear of most of them. We must do what we can to pull our friends away from the front lines. This is not the time to destroy the Deathlords. This is the time of preparation. Only after we are ready will the Shadow Hunt begin."

The Heirophant may not be the amazing power of change and force as was the case in the First Age, but even now, Egress has a great deal of influence. She turns to those who agreed to join the cause of the new Deliberative and asks for the word to be sent to many Solars she met in Yu-Shan and who seemed promising. The message is a simple enough one: "The Heirophant calls upon you for assistance and offers a great reward to those who wish to rediscover the glories of the past." Once the message is sent, it is a matter of waiting for replies.

Egress has to consider just what she can offer. Twilights are likely to be practitioners of sorcery, medicine, and craft. They are also not to be meddled with. Honesty is what Egress wishes to rely upon most. She has the book, which alone is worth the world to all of the Twilights. That shall be her greatest of bargaining chips, and she plans to use it well. "If they wish to be involved, they must become part of the Deliberative. Only those who are with us can be allowed to see the Book," Egress murmurs.

---

A woman called Arianna, with a mousy demeanor but a cute face, who looks like anything but a potent spellweaver. An older, powerfully-built man called Sayn who brings with him an impatient scholar-sorceress called Horakinis. A white-faced, black-haired being of indeterminate gender, with a beautifully androgynous face, who gives his/her name simply as Wake. These are some of those who answer the call early. All were in attendance in Heaven, and all seem to have it in their minds that Egress and her Circle are people to ask about some sort of potent book.

Davron is nervous, as he looks over the cluster of people arrayed before him. He's used to being by far the cleverest craftsman in the room, and now here he is with people who are his peers, and who indeed may exceed his ability in some ways. Still, he'd better get used to that, since that very fact is why these men and women were invited here. "Good day, ladies and gentlemen. I'll get straight to the point: the Deliberative wants to build a flying Citadel, and we need your help."

"There are several devices we'll need to design and build," Davron goes on, pacing around the room. "Many of them are to supply the city with the energy it needs to fly, while others are needed to channel that Essence into motive power. I know what these things need to do, but I don't know _how_ to do it, or what materials we'll need. And in some cases we may find that we can't build such a device at all with the tools available, and we'll have to come up with something entirely new." He turns to face the assembled Solars. "Our ancestors worked together to build the wonders of the First Age. The time has come for us to work together again."

Sayn's gruff, bearded face reflects hints of eagerness. The young Arianna is plainly interested in helping; Horakinis hides her feelings better, but still her interest in this proposal can be felt. What Wake feels cannot be determined from his_her face. Nevertheless, he_she speaks first. "The Golden Barque of the Heavens flies, and has flown for centuries. I have heard rumors that beyond Crystal, a great First Age city lies underneath the ice. They say that flight-propulsion engines might be found there."

Arianna frowns, hearing this. "We should create something new, though," she proposes. Horakinis nods. "Vanileth - the Shogun of Artificial Flight. We should ask his blessing. He may know of resources hidden away. He is near powerless, I'm told, but even he has agents in this world of clay."

Davron grins happily at Arianna. "I agree. I don't think Helios granted us his power and wisdom to do naught but rehabilitate the wreckage of the First Age." He also nods to Horakinis. "We should ask Vanileth's blessing in any case, regardless of whether we recover old First Age engines or embark on our own course. And the citadel will need a City Father to watch over it - Vanileth would be the best to find a suitable candidate."

Davron rubs his chin. "But I can see that the idea has already captured your imagination," he says, his eyes twinkling. "Shall we begin this endeavor, then? Can I count on your help?"

All four nod in unison.

Davron looks pleased as he returns the nod, pulling out the notes he'd copied earlier from the Book, notes on artifacts and the Essence patterns they were intended to shape or channel. "My Circle and I have business in the West, but when we get back I'm going to be spending most of my time on this. These notes describe some of the things I know we're going to need. We should divide these up amongst ourselves. We'll work in parallel most of the time, but there'll be times when we need to come together, especially in the later stages."

He begins passing around the notes. "I'm sure you have your own concerns, and your Circles or people need your help, just as mine do with me; so we'll all have to figure out on our own how much time we can afford to spend on this." Davron nods to Egress. "And when it comes time to build this stuff, we'll probably need all of our friends to help us find the materials. But we'll worry about that as we need to."

Egress has listened, leaving most of this to Davron, since his is the mind of a crafter and her own is certainly not. "The funding I will see to personally. Fortunately, I know a very interested party who has the capital to cover our considerable expenses. Whenever something is needed, simply let me know and I shall deliver what resources are required as swiftly as possible."

Davron nods gratefully to Egress. "We'll need all the help we can get, I'm sure." He turns back to the other Twilights. "Are there any que-" he begins, only to find that they're already passing around the notes and talking animatedly amongst themselves. Chuckling ruefully, he wades into the discussion, pausing only to ask Egress to bring more parchment and pens.

Many hours later, some sort of consensus is finally reached. Davron, looking tired but happy, nods to his newfound compatriots. "Well, I guess we shouldn't keep you any longer. We'll stay in contact if there's anything you need from us, or vice versa. Thank you all for coming." As everyone files out, Davron slumps into a chair. "I swear, it's like herding cats," he remarks to Egress, but he's grinning from ear to ear. Right this moment, the great Citadel they're planning to build is almost an afterthought to him; he can't remember the last time he had this much fun.