As the Unconquered Sun rises above the edge of creation, sending the days first scatterings of light among the trees, Ramar and Chi-Yosh are travelling. They move swiftly through the woods, taking to the trees and walking on the ground alternatively. A wind picks up, casting leaves in the air in front of the Solars, sending them in a slow spiral around the two travellers as the leaves are carried up and above the tops of the trees, affording them a view of the wide swath of forest in all direction. The Solars, remaining on the ground, continue their journey, and as time passes, they seek out places to rest and to search themselves for answers, in preparation for the new day's journey.

Chi-Yosh walks among the treebranches, his mind everywhere and no where. They are drawing closer and closer to the Mansion itself, and no doubt Prowler has more challanges set for them to face. After seeing the champion in the river, then the tyrant-mixed warrior, the Dawn is wary. He had given Ramar the knife, the training he has undergone will protect him. Hopefully at least. But with the warmth of morning on his back, the Dawn is confident. Still eyes comb the vegetation for signs.

Ramar has taken to the trees quite well. Although he is not quite as wary as Chi-Yosh. He instead scans about, not looking for anything watching them, but rather marvelling in the beauty of the world around. He notes the creatures wandering in the woods below, and above, and every now and again something will catch his eye, after all, a flight of birds suddenly leaving the trees could be a warning sign of something coming through the brush... but still...

From out of nowhere, three gray and furry forms leap from the treetops above, leaving behind their green camouflage and abandoning stealth for offense. Their movements did not go unremarked, though, by either man, and now Chi-Yosh and Ramar both adopt their respective fighting stances as three wolf-spiders close on their would-be meals!

As the falling leaves signal the giant spiders descending from above, Ramar steps gracefully to one side, his body becoming lighter as he does so. Dirt is kicked up, swirling and mixing with the still falling leaves as Ramar thrusts upwards with the blade of his knife, spearing four leaves as the blade is brought into the thick hide of the large Arachnid.

The spider and Ramar trade blows; the Westerner's weak flint knife cuts a bloody trail through the horrid creature's hide, but it in turn seeks to sink its fangs into his hand. It bites down on the blade instead, shrilly crying out in pain and animal fury.

Chi-Yosh's form grows more light and willowed on the branch as two of the great predators race towards him. The first lunges, and he simply steps off the branch he is on. The second is more quick, jumping down as he falls, scraggy legs clawing across the branch towards the landing warrior. The Dawn hops backwards, pushing off the trunk itself and running across the spider's head and abdomine, pushing it back towards the tree as he charges to the end of the branch. It is weak, and wobbly; just what he wants.

Chi-Yosh does not have the time to invoke the power he needs; the spiders are coming on too quick. Leaping to another branch and moving towards the trunk, the faint, angry buzz of insects enter his ears. One glance upwards, and improvisation strikes. Leaping, he scoops up a vibrating cluster of wax, dried leaves and other mess stuck beneath a branch. Whirling, the hive is whipped towards the pouncing spider headed his way.

One of the spiders is duly pegged, falling from the branch with another shrieking cry. Immediately the wasps swarm out of the hive, angrily seeking whatever has assaulted the sanctity of their home.

As the spider Lunges forward, the blade having failed to repel it the first time, Ramar's reflexes now heightened by the flow of Essence kick in. And rather than simply let the spide rhit, a soft path lays before him in which he dances out of it's way, being for the moment, elsewhere than where the fangs are.

Chi-Yosh does not have the time to celebrate; the second arachnid drops from above. Its legs attempt to grab from above as the fangs descend, and it is all he can do to throw his arm into the spider's face to ward off a bite to the head. Mandibles claw across his forearm, but did not sink in, did not bring poison. He pushes the spider off, only to have it take purchase on his branch.

When the attack is evaded, with a swift slicing motion, the tip of the dagger once again flies through the air, guided by Ramar's hand. Three steps carry him out of the way, and he seems to flow into his next attack, bring the blade back out of it's hide, stabbing through ichor even as it spouts through the air, to bite once more. The sounds of battle send birds and other creaturs flying from their wake, disturbing the serene calm that had existed mere seconds ago.

With a soft scuttling, the spider is impaled by Ramar's knife once more. It tumbles to the ground, lifeless. Dust is sent flying outwards from it's landing, and in the light of the sun, even filtered by the trees as it is, the knife that had been embedded in it's hide sparkles.

Chi-Yosh stares into the eight eyes of the wolf spider, as it shimmies on the branch. The eight legs weight, and move at once, the mandibles snapping forward as sunlight glints off the unfeeling eyes. Hand lancing forward, he grabs the spider by the fang and yanks to the side. Body hurls forward, shoulder slamming into the opposite side of the arachnid, while he wrenches to take them both off the branch.

Chi-Yosh falls with the arachnid, the two twisting in the air. Eight furred limbs smack at his body, attempt to grab as he curls up. The ground meets the spider's back with a crunch, mirrored by the warrior's legs driving downwards. His feet touch the forest floor, pushing off the spider's corpse and rolling forward to come up, ready. The spider's fluids stop pumping in those kicking legs, causing them to curl up, as of trying to hide the crushed chitin glittering in the shadowed light.

Three spiders lay dead, dying, or at the very least out of the fight. And as Chi-Yosh and Ramar collect themselves, they become conscious of a loud rustling. Almost as one, two dozen more such creatures descend from the treetops, landing on branches or the ground, their mandibles clacking together as they survey the feast before them.

There's an eerie silence hanging in the air, it's accented, if dispelled by the slow, uneven clicking and clacking of spider mandibles together. Ramar hesitates, caught almost as though he were caught in a bright light... and slowly, a horrific realization dawns on him. _We are near there nest... we must go..._ Unable to say much more, the Solar turns, his branch swaying softly as he does so, to look silently, almost horrified, at Chi-Yosh.

Spiders to the left of him, spiders to the right. Chi-Yosh stares up at the unyielding gaze of fourty eight eyes that peer down at the two with hunger. They cling to the branches, creep down the trunks, thick legs poised for running, pouncing, and taking down prey. Venom drools from atleast one set of fangs, ugly and pale in sunlight's caress. Chi-Yosh gazes at them all. Twice as many as before. At first in a fighting pose, now his form melts into one in tense, ready to explode into a motion. What motion, though... He looks to Ramar.

---

It is several minutes after that as Ramar is still almost flying through the branches. His breath is coming in gasps, yet he runs on, feet flying across the branches of trees as he runs in a path directly opposite the one where they had met a host of spiders not terribly long ago. Every now and again he looks to either side, keeping an eye out for traces of the nest nearby... but he dares not stop or look back. "And..." huff puff, "Just in case you're wondering... we haven't run far enough, just yet..."

Chi-Yosh's in the trees. Not far from the ground, lest he fall - Essence may steady his steps but boots are coated in inchor. Such worries are in the back of the mind, for it is consumed by one thing alone: survive. And that is simply, Run. Leaping from one branch to the next, hurling himself upwards and swinging like a monkey, anything to put him ahead of the arachnid centrifuge behind. Lungs are hot and clawing to get out of his chest. "Ramar!" He calls, though does not spare a glance aside for his circlemate, "Find water! They Cannot swim!" This is his prayer, at least.

"Alright... alright! If you see any water we'll jump into it. Now shut up and keep running!!" Ramar's voice is bursting with air as he speaks, it sounds a good deal more labored than normal. His legs continue pumping, driven on by the fear of several sharp fangs ripping through his flesh. He continues, 'til a cliff comes into view, "Oh blight... uhmmm... I hope you can climb as well as you fight..."

Chi-Yosh sees the treeline start to receed, just a little, and the open skies further forwards. He leaps onto the last branch, and striding forward, nearly leaping again to the ground before he stops himself. Arms cartwheel a second to catch his balance. "A cliff!?" Somewhere, the Unconquered Sun must be smiling. "This happens more and more after my Exaltation!" Though, he was saved once. An action to invoke faith for this situation. He jumps down, to run towards the cliff edge. No _Seagull_ will be there, but surely there is something else to save them.

And over the edge goes Ramar, doing his best to escape the horde of spidery death that's **right behind him**. His hands grasp hold of one of the vines as he flies over the edge, and as he swings back towards the face of the cliff, he pushes back off, and to one side, so as to take hold of another nearby creeper, using it to steady himself as he begins a very rapid descent.

The spiders are churning after him in their deadly stampede. _Just another exercise._ With little thought after seeing vines and creeping plants jutting from the cliff, Chi-Yosh leaps off. Perhaps a dozen feet is plunged before he reaches for a vine, and begins to swing - before it snaps. One curse and a heartbeat of flailing limbs later, he grabs hold of the ropey plant while kicking against the rocky wall. The Su'Katan's limbs pump, running sideways across the cliff and taking the brunt out of his fall, before letting go. Another vine is grabbed, swinging outward, only to kick free, the next vine taking him arcing in the opposite direction.

The two Solars land lightly at the bottom of the cliff, near the edge of the trees, still staring up warily for signs of pursuit. And as one, they get the strong suspicion that they are being watched....

"Well, that was very interesting to see," cackles an old and broken voice, an old woman by the sound of it, from a few feet within the trees.

"We're being watched," replies Ramar, as he lay at the bottom of the cliff, recuperating. He blinks a bit, looking over in the direction of the old woman's voice. He calls out, "Greetings to you, whomever you are... I hope we were interesting enough to watch... who are you, if you'll forgive my rudeness in asking so."

Chi-Yosh's trying to catch his breath, perched on his posterier feeling the complaints of his overworked body. Though, the voice sends his attention to the treeline, and once more the man is on his feet. And wishes he hadn't, the sudden rush of blood making him dizzy. "... what my friend said," is all he can offer before just sitting down.

From the shadows of the forest, a wizened woman of sorts steps forth into the light. She is bent over, attired in what looks to be robes of leaves, cut in a style that Ramar finds oddly familiar - from illustrations of the Old Realm, perhaps, a decidedly archaic form of clothing. Her hair is green and long, woven through with leaves as well, and her eyes are a deep and emerald green. She chuckles softly, hobbling forward. "I am She of the Veils, the Wood-Tender," the cracked voice replies, as her eyes flash with mirth. "And you two had a run-in with the spider tribe above."

Ramar takes a moment more to catch his breath, during which he rises slowly from his resting position. His eyes have widened for a moment upon noting her clothing, and with a slow, sweeping motion, sending a few errant leaves and blades of grass on their way, and even bits of spider fur that had taken hold of the Solar in the flight and fight, he bows. "My lady, we are honored to meet you." He then settles back down, legs still threatening to give out. "I am Ramar. And yes, we did... food must be scarce for them. Or so I would guess, if they would pounce on wanderers."

Chi-Yosh smiles hesitantly towards the woman. "Greetings," He calls, finally getting wind and barings back. Yet, there is a touch of wariness in him; something nagging inside says this woman is not... normal. Still, greetings are offered less elegantly then Ramar's method; he stands, bows, and shakes his clothes clean. Or tries to, for they are much too dirty to clean with a shake. "Spider tribe?" A point towards the cliff's edge. "They are smart enough to form a community?" Could those be actual beastmen?

"They are made cunning by the power of the forest," replies the strange old woman, chuckling again. "There is much near the Pole that is strange and fell, especially to those who do not live near it. You speak the language of the loggers and fishers, so I believe you have come from the west. I have heard their words in my waters.. Now tell me truthfully, what brings you here?"

"Forgive me. I am Chi-Yosh, and we were stranded, and have been traveling for some time." He casts a side glance at Ramar. It is not untrue, but still they do not need to expose everything just yet. "We are headed to the Maze Forest, for we are traveling to a place not far from it."

"So we are learning, m'lady. And we are still learning the ways of the woods, as you can likely tell. We have come here to endure the hardships and trials of the woods," replies Ramar, "And so far seem to have done so. Although I am not certain as to whether or not that is what you mean?"

"Oh-ho, brave men, adventurers, scouts, spies - or dishonored exiles, then," she concludes with another low chuckle. "Say a prayer to me, then, when you drink from my rivers or bathe yourselves in my waterfalls." And with that she turns, hobbling off towards the forest again.

"Might I ask which waterfalls and rivers are yours? I would be grateful to learn the answer to this, to help determine where we are, and so that we may tell others we meet who may not already know of your presence, that they should do so..." asks Ramar, doing his best to sound quite eloquent as he stands up once more, bowing his head respectfully.

"All of them!" she calls back, continuing to wind her slow way among the trees. There's a moment of hesitation, and she continues. "... All the ones for several miles, at least. But I'll be generous and forgive you for neglecting me, if you travel elsewhere in the world!"

Chi-Yosh glances to the side at Ramar once more. He suspects that all the rivers in the area belong to the patron Wood-Tender. The request for direction is on his lips, before hers halt him. Instead, a prayer for the water of the rivers they have bathed and drank in is sent.

"And we will humbly ask your forgiveness if we have neglected you prior to this. We did not mean to, but now we know," continues Ramar. he stands, slowly heading towards the woods as well. "And we do wish to travel elsewhere in the world. Perhaps... perhaps we can share knowledge with one another, or my colleague and I might help you out in some way, in exchange for said knowledge."

"By all means!" She of the Veils calls back, not stopping as she talks. "Tell me, what is it called? That dance that the Maidens do in the sky? I've always wondered!"

Ramar asks, "Are you referring to the roll of years? When they shift about in the sky and each brings their influence to bear over one and the other and their omens change?"

"Yes, that's the one!" she snaps. "What is that dance called?"

"I believe that some refer to it as 'the passing of time'," answers Ramar after taking a moment to ponder the dance of the Maidens across the velvety night sky.

"It is life. Change." Chi-Yosh follows Ramar, but is in no hurry. "The Maidens are of circles; journeys and ends, battles, secrets and serenity. They are things that flow like your rivers, She of the Veils."

"Oh, is that it?" asks She, sounding disappointment. "Damn, I'd hoped it was something else. Oh well. Now, what do you wish to know in return?"

"Everything, really," muses Ramar, "Although I think the chance to learn from you would be welcome enough. Will you teach us something you're willing to teach us? Something you would like to share?"

"Oh, certainly," replies She, again giving that wry, strange little chuckle of hers. "The best and healthiest fish come from the Lirak River, which is oh, about four miles south of here and another five west. You know why? Because it stretches for a hundred miles without a waterfall, and the fish can go as far upstream as they wish before they spawn and die. And near the Pole, they have so much better eating in the water, so they're much healthier. Catch them as they swim!"

Ramar listens, and notes this new information in his mind. He smiles, "Thank you. That will be most helpful and we will know where to go to catch fish when we become hungry again. Although I suspect that predators might know of this as well, and gatherers. What should we be on the lookout for, if I might ask, so we do not have more run-ins with things that need not be defeated?"

"HA!" bursts out She of the Veils. "Aren't you the inquisitive one. You should be on the lookout for things that are dangerous, of course!" She finally stops walking, having reached a clearing. A light sprinkle of rain has begun to fall, though the skies remain bright.

Chi-Yosh smiles. Fish. Something they have yet to catch on their trip. And, now that he thinks about it, that river might be the one Prowler's mansion is on. "Your knowledge is welcomed and appreciated, She of the Veils." A laugh is imparted; a witty one is she. They should be going... but perhaps the spirit would like guests?

Ramar stops in the clearing. He smiles, somewhat shyly even as he looks aruond the clearing. When the rain begins to fall, he marvels in it, saying a quick prayer of thanks to She of the Veils. "Thank you for the rain... and indeed, I am the inquisitive one, though I do not mean to offend by inquisitiveness. I shall be on the lookout for dangerous things, then."

"Oh, I'm not offended. Nor is the rain mine. And now, I must rest...." And slowly, surely, the spirit begins to fade away, dematerializing with a happy sigh. The rain continues to lightly fall, uncaring.