The sun is setting on the kingdom of Bridal Veil. There is much left to be done. Many things need to be dealt with, from petitions of potential successors to those seeking the division and dispensation of the old regent's estate. Ramar has been busy, for his part, dealing with these headache inducing troubles before they can become more serious ills. And so the evening finds him stepping through the throne room, reviewing a lengthy document.

Gallius has herself set on the throne that she had made and is reviewing a few papers. She frowns and lets out a sigh. "It's amazing how silly these things can become, isn't it?" she murmurs, looking up to see Ramar. "I am, right now, reviewing a petition to declare the humming bird the official emblem of the Nation of the Sun."

"Yes, well I imagine that they deliberately leave these sorts of things out of the tales you'll read about the ancient conquerors and the great and mighty heros who smote many a mighty blow. It is understandable... it does not make for a very exciting story." Ramar smiles, then offers, "I shall review it if you like. I have some skill in these matters."

Gallius laughs softly, "I'm not used to managing a new nation. In Roleyn people weren't so eager to make such bizarre requests. They did compete for the right to serve the king at certain festivals, but this is a bit different." She shakes her head, "At least our banner is settled. The symbol of the sun is clear enough in people's minds. Oh, and I think I finally have a reasonable census in my hands, so soon we'll be ready for the next step."

Ramar smiles a soft smile. He bows his head, "Of course. I imagine that you would not be used to such things. So, I would imagine are the people who request these sorts of things. But..." Ramar flicks some of the papers in his hands, tossing them from one to the other deftly, "It is not so much that they wish to see these changes wrought, but rather they wish to gain power in showing that you favor them. The pecking order has been disrupted as it were, and the struggles for power are beginning to reassert themselves in... creative ways."

"I suppose that is true, and it's kind of sad," says Gallis. "But that's okay. Anyway, now that we know the numbers of farmers, skilled craftsmen, and so on, we can begin to work on the manner in which we'll form the advisory council. A group of 11 people whose sole purpose is to assist in governing this city. I'm rather excited about the concept."

"Why is it kind of sad? It is a way these people hope to realize their dreams. Dreams of money or wealth, which they may believe leads to happiness..." Ramar pauses, "I see your point. Perhaps someday I shall show them differently. How are you going to decide who is to be on the advisory council?"

"You spoke to me of a power that would let me see into the very heart of a person," says Gallius. "I have learned much, but I hope to learn that ability, as well. It will show me what manner of men would come to serve me. I need to show them that there are good ways to achieve their dreams, rather than relying on bribes and other oddities."

"Well such a thing can be done even without the aid of Essence. It's simply a matter of knowing with whom you speak, and from their words learning to identify what is important to them." Ramar looks around, fidgets a little as he searches for a place to sit, "I believe that I can help you to show them that."

Gallius' chamber has a few other places to sit in it, mostly stools, it would seem. "I suppose that is true, but I've come to trust to the things that use essence. They've saved me so many times."

Ramar kicks a stool around with a foot, swinging it closer to the throne. In doing so he makes a run along the throne room walls, pushes off and lands atop the stool just as it comes to rest. "There are many things one can do through Essence," explains Ramar, giggling a little at what he's just done. "Yet... in order to do so, we must first gain an understanding of how they work without such aid. Would you not agree?"

"And some things simply cannot be without the blessings of Gods." Chi-Yosh offers from the doorway as he walks in, looking a little damp. Carried on his shoulder is a crate, one that is none too light, but not too much a problem. "I have come baring a gift for you, Gallius."

Gallius looks from Ramar to Chi-Yosh and smiles. "A gift? I hope you aren't trying to petition me for something, Chi-Yosh," the lady teases. She is sitting on the throne, and in her lap is a stack of papers which she points at, "I have plenty of petitions already. But come in, my friend. I want to hear about this gift."

With a laugh, Ramar turns to see Chi-Yosh walking in. "Chi-Yosh, your timing is impeccable. What is it you've brought, I wonder? Or is it a gift you mean to give the Lady Gallius personally," remarks the Solar, innocently enough, though there's no hiding the smile. "I can always leave if you wish..."

Chi-Yosh gives an odd look to Gallius. "Petition? Oh. No, actually this is something _you_ petitioned." He steps before her and drops the crate at her feet. Digging his fingers underneath, with a little bit of gruntwork, the wooden lid comes off. Inside is dirt, dirt and more dirt. Parting the soil inside, he digs out an azure fruit, and presents it like a treasure cupped in both hands.

"This is not the first time I have seen such a thing," says Gallius. She reaches down to take the fruit from Chi-Yosh's hands, "This is truly meant for me?" she asks softly.

there is an expression of wonder in Ramar's eyes as he views the fruit that Chi-Yosh has brought and Gallius now holds. "What is it...?" Ramar's questioning tone then turns towards Gallius, "Oh? When have you seen it before?"

Chi-Yosh shakes his head. "It was ment for Greyfalls. Trees there have sprung up anywhere the seeds were planted - from tile floors and rooftops, in fountains and fields alike. Those trees grow these fruit, and in the fruit, more seeds. They are the conduitive power of Halvah."

"So we will plant it here, and Halvah's beauty will flourish in a new place," says Gallius. "It seems this God and our Circle will have many dealings. I hope we never forget this friendship. I will have to find a good place to grow Halvah's next tree."

Ramar chuckles, "It would seem you have been very busy, Lady Gallius. If I might ask," He gestures towards the fruit in Gallius' hands, "Who is Halvah?"

Chi-Yosh gestures within the crate. "There are many fruits within, but do not plant them all. The trees that grow are temples to the God, and no violence may commense in the presence of his temple. But the fruit may heal, so we can put all to good use."

"Halvah is a god of fertility and healing," says Gallius. "I went to Yu-Shan to find aid for Greyfalls. I was seeking a spirit of healing, and the Sidereals directed me to Halvah. And the lack of violence may be an issue, I suppose, but that is hardly a bad thing to have in a place of justice and government. I think I have ideas for this."

"I see..." Ramar smiles, "I did not realize you had visited Yu-Shan while we were away. I am glad that you did, though." He raises an eyebrow, "What should happen if there were violence in such a place, I wonder?"

Chi-Yosh frowns. "You may wish to keep the trees out of the main hall and deliberation room. In case of assassins and out-raged politicans." A glance to Ramar, his expression rueful. "There is one way to find out, but I dare not do it."

"I imagine it would be very painful," says Gallius. "In any case, keeping violent behavior out of certain areas will be a great boon to us. And the other gifts are wonderful, too." She turns the conversation to other things, "We have to figure out our next move, too."

"Or we could always ask Halvah," continues Ramar. "It would be much simpler than actually fighting. For I take it that you mean for us to commit some violence within Halvah's temple to discover the consequences, yes?" He then turns to Gallius, "Our next move in terms of what, I wonder?"

"My next move will be to see to the Dragon-Blooded in the morning," says Chi-Yosh. "My trip to Greyfalls was made while Low Mountain's role under the old ruler were looked at. Have you found that out yet?"

"You would probably want to ask Ramar, actually. He's the one handling that inquiry," says Gallius. "I simply hope I can get through to her as I did with Oaken Claw. We must either convert these people, or.." Or destroy them.

"Well I am not certain of precisely what it was she'd done. I believe she was the champion of the autocrat that had come before... and enjoyed the perquisites of such a position. Though for more information you may wish to consult..." And Ramar rattles off the name of the people he had consulted with.

Chi-Yosh simply nods, then looks back to Gallius. "Where then is the next nation in our trail of liberation?"

"I'm still gathering information of our neighbors," says Gallius. "I figure with a bit of work we can have a fair chunk of this place under Solar control. It'll be a big change, but I think we'll see happier times in the end." She smiles and hmms, "So many things to do.."

"As far as my next move..." Ramar looks off into the distance, a far away gaze drifting into the dreamer's eyes as he seems to lose focus on the world immediately around him. "There are questions which I must answer..." And then his gaze snaps back to reality, and he has a warm smile for Gallius. "But first I would like to teach you. If you'll have me."

"Of course," says Gallius. "I'm eager to learn what you can teach. I will need to master this arena," she murmurs. "So Chi-Yosh, what do you plan to do during our little break?"

Chi-Yosh purses his lips. "If you do not need me to take over the next small nation, I will be going to Korad. The _Yurei_, the plant which makes my armor, is a magical thing that has many properties, whispered between the different tribes there. I wish to decipher more of its' secrets."

"And I am eager to spend the time teching you and learning from you." Ramar smiles, "As I am from all of our Circle." Perhaps a little hasty, that addition. The Solar continues, gesturing around the throne room, "I believe I know what I shall be doing, but I wonder Lady Gallius, what will you do while we have our break?"

"I am going to be building the Nation of the Sun," says Gallius. In other words, she won't be having any break. "And I must make one trip to speak with the Lunars. Harborhead must be taken, but it will require efforts from all of us."

"I understand this, and perhaps in some months I shall be ready to take on such a task. As it stands now, I believe I would do little good to our efforts." Ramar smiles, "But I shall learn. Lady Gallius, what would you say if I promised you that the Nation of the Sun could be stabilized within a few days, and while this was taken care of, you might have the chance to relax. If only for a day or two."

"I wouldn't know what to do," says Gallius. "I would probably just hop on Jin-nu's back and try to take over another city." She shrugs and sighs, "I just don't seem to have a skill for that relaxing thing." She says to Chi-Yosh, then, "Whatever help you need for that, just speak it. I think what you find may help protect our people."

"I see..." murmurs Ramar, raising an eyebrow as he turns to regard Gallius. He then turns to Chi-Yosh, "If you need a lift out there, I shall be happy to pilot you there..." He then turns back to Gallius, "You seemed to have skill enough for relaxing back near Nexus. At least, it seemed like you were able to be at peace. I suppose I misunderstood."

"I don't need much help," replies Chi-Yosh with a smile. "Just provisions, and then I will be fine. All I can do is offer help while I'm here... Yes," he says to Ramar. "That would be good."

"There I was more or less trapped," says Gallius. "I guess I can relax, if caught like a rat in a trap with nothing I can do." She smiles at Ramar and laughs a little bit, "So if you need me to waste time for a few days, you'll have to maroon me somewhere."

Ramar laughs, "Is that so?" A conspiratorial look comes across his face as he begins scribing a note down. He'll fold it up and stamp it sealed with an easily concealed bit of wax and seal. "Chi-Yosh, would you do me the inestimable favor of handing this note to Jin-nu, should you see her when our business here is done?"

Chi-Yosh takes up the note, and turns it in his hands a few times. "As you request." He has to wonder how Jin-nu can open it, but doesn't ask questions.

Gallius gives Ramar a curious look, "What, you think a Roleyn girl can't get off a horse?" She snickers, "Or is this just a desperate attempt to strand me somewhere so you can try to steal kisses from me?" She looks down at the piles of petitions in her lap and sets them aside. "We should walk outside for a bit," she suggests.

"And why in the world would I wish to strand you merely so I could steal kisses from you, Lady Gallius... I'm afraid I have my own motives in this matter." Ramar smiles, then stands, nodding, "A walk outside might be nice. If all are up for doing such a thing?"

Chi-Yosh slips the note into his shirt, before looking at himself a little more critically. "It may storm; I flew through rain clouds that were just at the border of the kingdom, so beware. Myself, I will bathe. The shower was refreshing, but not clensing from the road's travels."

"Just because I sit on a throne doesn't mean I have trouble on my feet," says Gallius. She nods to Chi-Yosh, "A little rain would do just fine, actually. I wouldn't mind the second shower. The earth smells better right after a cool rain." She rises from the throne and looks to Ramar. "So, where shall we walk?"

"I am not certain. There is a path down the road from the gate of the city, if you care to tread down it. Or there is a garden I have discovered nearby. Perhaps the city might have some of the earthy smells you speak of?" Ramar shrugs, then turns towards the exit, "Perhaps we shall see where such wandering will take us?"

Gally moves to take hold of Ramar's arm. "That sounds like a good plan to me. A Queen should know her kingdom, shouldn't she? Besides, it'll be good to.." She laughs softly, "I'm doing it again. I'm sorry. I'll try to just relax during the walk. No hidden motives!"

Chi-Yosh gives a wave to the two Solars. "Do not get yourselves into trouble. Or if you do, enjoy it while it lasts." With that, he turns and disappears down the hall.

With a fluid motion, Ramar lets his arm be held by the Lady Gallius. "I am glad you think it's a good plan, Lady Gallius. A Queen is liable to need to know such things, but why should you simply try to relax?" He smiles softly, and laughter lights up his eyes, "I imagine you'd be less relaxed if you were trying to relax and not think of your new realm. I am not concerned, so long as you enjoy our walk. Besides... some hidden motives make for an interesting conversation, wouldn't you agree?" He winks, and begins heading down the hallways and out into the grey-skied outdoors.

Gallius lets Ramar lead the way and nods in agreement. "I suppose that is true enough. I am eager to get to know these people. After all, not all men and women are the same. A people tend to take on somewhat the aspect of their land."

"I agree, and in some places it may become quite literal... but hopefully this is neither here nor there." Ramar smiles, and leads the way, wandering down the streets of the city. He watches as the people of the town go about their business, preparing for the rain. "Although I think perhaps this would be different if they realized who precisely you were..."

"How much more precise can I be?" asks Gallius. "They know already what I am.. they know my name and my desire. They know I wish to seek them. I can think of no other way to reveal myself to them." She smiles at the people she passes, and acknowledges those who drop to a knee or bow to her. "I have to work on formalizing social etiquette, it seems. It will take time for them to figure me out. I don't want them to feel the need to grovel."

"I mean to say that if we were to step into the crowd of people and make ourselves known, rather than working on bringing the goods in before the storm, they might instead..." Ramar nods, "You get the idea. So perhaps I can help you to teach them that they need not grovel before you Lady Gallius, that you mean to lead them, not to rule them?"

"However you wish to say it," says Gallius softly. "I just want to protect them and guard them from their own greed. As a Chosen of Helios, worldly goods do not seem so important." She grins widely and asides, "Though that doesn't mean I don't enjoy other things they do."

"It is perhaps a more flowery way of putting it thusly." Ramar speaks equally as softly, "And I am glad you would do that for them. How may I help?" He then ponders Gally's words, "Oh?" His tone is a little more teasing, "Like what?"

"Ohhh, like the things I was talking about near Nexus," says Gallius. She raises her eyebrows and laughs. "Anyway, what about you? You ask a lot of questions but don't reveal as much about yourself."

"Ah." Ramar grins wryly, "You mean things like open fields of soft grass, and so on..." He laughs, then asks, as the first few drops of rain decide to fall, "What would you have me reveal about myself?"

Gallius laughs softly and shakes her head, "My my, reveal yourself in the rain? You are quite forward, my friend. Perhaps we should find shelter? Or perhaps we should get far from shelter? It's your choice."

Ramar smiles, "If it were up to me, I think that perhaps we should get far from shelter... there's nothing quite like being in the rain, and every now and again it's a nice thing to enjoy."

"Then lead the way," suggests Gallius. "I don't mind a bit of rain at all. It makes me feel so young." She holds out a hand to gather a few raindrops and smiles, "Feel cleaner already."

The rains begin to fall with a little more frequency, growing from a few drops to a somewhat steady stream of droplets. The air grows cooler and the sky grows darker. A wind picks up, "Yes... I agree, it is quite lovely. Have you spent much time in the rain before, Lady Gallius?"

"In Roleyn I did all the time," the Lady answers. "We tend to do rather odd things. The first rains of spring are considered very important, for instance. And the first snow. We are not a gentle people most of the time, but during certain times of the year we shed our harder shells.."

Ramar nods, "Oh? And why is it that you find the first few rains of spring to be so terribly important? If you do not mind me asking you, Lady allius." With a chuckle, Ramar glances over Gallius, "You do not seem to have much in the way of a hard shell to shed... though I'm sure..."

"It's just something we've always done," says Gallius. "I don't know why. It's important to us. It gives us a chance to celebrate another growing season, I suppose. And we'll use any excuse to have a good time!" She grins widely at this statement.

Ramar raises an eyebrow, "I believe that sentiment I can understand." He laughs, "So how would you celebrate the new growing season?" He tilts his head a little, "You must understand, it does not rain terribly often in the South..."

"I suppose not," says Gallius softly. "The same way we always do. Song, dancing, play. The nobles are a bit more reserved, but only a bit more." She lets out a little sigh and hmms, "I wonder how my people are faring. The Nuri should bring great commerce to Roleyn."

"It sounds quite wonderful, if I may say." Ramar smiles, and turns his head up towards the rain as it begins to fall with an ever increasing strength. It's now becoming a proper downpour, "Will you sing a song of the rains, Lady Gallius? If you are terribly worried about your people... we can go look in on them. The Volo is fast enough."

Gallius hmms softly. "Actually, perhaps I can make a prayer song to the spirits of rain," she suggests. "With the proper offering, it may bring more gentle rains and good crops. I am not just a Queen, but also a priestess to those who will be my people."

Ramar considers this, then asks, "Is there some way I might help you make this prayer song, Lady Gallius? The prospect of gentle rains and good crops is always a pleasing one, I am sure. In such places where they are needed, at least."

"Perhaps I could teach you how to make offerings to the Gods in return for your helping me learn how to make offerings with men?" suggests Gallius. She laughs softly and looks skyward, "It is coming down quite well, isn't it?"

"Perhaps... it would be an even exchange, if nothing else." Ramar laughs, then skips about in the rain, arms spread out wide to receive the falling water. He is beginning to get thoroughly soaked. "Yes! It's magnificent!"

Gallius laughs as she stomps in a forming puddle, sending water flying up. "So, what should I pray for, Ramar?" she asks suddenly. A small golden statue is drawn from her bag and she looks about. "I'm sure we can come up with a good prayer."

"I am not sure... perhaps for a good rainy season, followed by a season of renewed growth and hopes?" Ramar makes his suggestion, then jumps in a water puddle a little too near Gallius, sending water splashing her way. "Er... what will the statue help you do?"

Gallius raises an eyebrow at Ramar. "You have to offer something, you know," she explains. "What kind of prayer doesn't have an offering, anyway?" She wipes some muddy water from her nose and winks at Ramar, "If you are good, though, you don't have to offer quite as much."

Ramar chuckles, "Well I believe I have been good... as far as anyone can be, perhaps a little more even, but I am happy to offer something." He is now catching rain in an open mouth, though strands of hair are pasted across his face by the falling water.

"That's not what I mean," says Gallius. "I mean skilled in the ritual of prayer. The spirit doesn't know whether you've been naughty or good," she explains. She strides away, looking for a larger puddle. "Now, this should make for a good beginning.."

There is a sheepish smile on Ramar's face, "I see what you mean then. I shall become skilled, I think..." He follows after Gallius, looking about as she finds a good beginning. "What should?"

Gallius gestures to the puddle at her feet, "This, of course. You need a place to begin, after all. Else how can you possibly get anywhere? Hmm, you know, usually I'd have a fire or somesuch started, but I've a hunch the spirit might take what we offer on its own."

Ramar looks down at Gallius' feet. "Of course. There are many things which need a beginning." He smiles, then kneels down by the puddle in the rain, droplets of water flowing off of the Solar almost effortlessly now that he's soaked. "So now that we have our beginning, how do we proceed?"

"Perhaps this is the point at which we should disrobe and dance!" suggests Gallius, bursting into a fit of laughter. "Or maybe I should just start the prayer properly?"

Ramar quirks an eyebrow in Gallius' direction, "You know... I'm liable to take you up on that offer..." He smiles, innocently, letting the Lady choose which suggestion to apply the answer to for herself.

"You probably would," says Gallius. She'll let that be interpreted however Ramar likes. "So, let's see.. for a good rain.." She gathers herself up and without another word starts to step methodically through the rain, her feet gliding through puddles as she dances.

Ramar interprets things in his own particular manner, then proceeds to step after Gallius, doing his best to emulate her gliding motions as she dances through the puddles. "Like so?"

Gallius nods once and then continues moving. As she goes, the steps grow more intricate, the splashes more violent. It seems that prayers to rain gods require a lot of twirling steps and playful gestures.

Ramar finds himself laughing as he follows after Gallius, his movements gradually sinking in to follow hers as she spins through the rains, kicking water into the air in every direction possible.

Gallius begins to sing with her steps. The tune is wordless one moment, and then full of whimsical lines the next. The tone varies from a gentle, easy one to something far darker and harder, from sweet rains to storms.

While he may not sing the whimsical, shifting tune, Ramar will continue to move in stepd, and when he can catch the tune of the song, he shall hum it for Gallius, and as she sings he notes the changes in the songs, and can see the changes written in the skies above... or at least guess at them. A broad smile is on his face.

Gallius holds up the statue and smiles. Her eyes turn about, looking for something. "There," she asides to Ramar. Her dance changes, taking her towards a tree, and there she pauses. "I don't suppose you could put this statue up in one of the higher branches, could you?" she asks.

Ramar smiles, "It would be my pleasure to do so, Lady Gallius." And with that, Ramar will take hold of the golden statue, then with a leap and the rustling of sopping leaves, he disappears up near the upper branches. He'll deposit the statue then call down, "Is that everything?"

"Yes, now get down, quickly!" says Gallius. With her words comes a deep rumbling of thunder. "It's time for the spirit to claim the offering!" She'll wait for Ramar to come down before she dances in the storm once more. "Since we have no fire, we'll just have to hope that something else can come and claim what is offered," she explains.

It doesn't take much to get Ramar down from the tree. He lands beside Gallius, catching himself against her as he hops away from the tree. As he does this a crack of lightning will curl through the air... towards the treetop that the statue rests in. Ramar looks up, "Like that, you mean?"

Gallius nods to Ramar and laughs, her dance stopping with a flourish. "Now let's go back to the umm.. well, I guess it's a kind of palace. Let's just go get dry and maybe take a normal bath."