The office of Cloudburst has become something like the heart of the library she has settled into. Since coming, her station has changed. Elevated, since Gallius decided she was worthy of greater responsibilities. Here she now gathers the best plans for building the place that shall be capital of the Nation of the Sun. Here she also dispenses coin for ancient books, settles disputes between librarians on the nature of proper and improper books, and also manages the money. Every day she checks a different thing. Every day she causes someone to realize that nothing avoids her notice for long.

And today, the someone she will surprise is none other than Davron himself. She does not knock in the rooms of the library. The house of learning is her home, after all. She simply appears behind him as he pores over the same book he has been staring at for days now. Oddly, the usually gruff Cloudburst settles a tray by him. "If you do not eat and drink, the light that burns inside you may well leave nothing but a dried husk. What is it that causes you to study a few pages so long?" she asks.

Davron looks up at Cloudburst, holding a thick sheaf of papers in one hand, and needs no further encouragement to speak what's on his mind. "We've left this far too long. There's been so many other things I've had to do recently, but..." says Davron, turning the to first leaf. "The Book of Three Circles. Repository of the First Age's entire store of sorcerous lore and magic. Lost for ages to the wider world." He hefts the paperwork. "And this could help me find it."

"A dangerous thing, such an heirloom," replies Cloudburst. "But it explains your behavior. The third circle is your birthright, is it not?" she asks. She settles herself on a chair by Davron and fingers her earlobe. "I have heard many stories of it, of course. All scholars hear of it eventually. It is among the greatest of all artifacts of the First Age. What does this book reveal of its whereabouts?"

Chi-Yosh has been preoccupied with many things, from behemoth smiting to learning of his ancestors' past. With all the distractions, he has neglected the college of sorcery. Even with Cloudburst's care, checking in on progress is always helpful. Thus, he finds her beside Davron, though the conversation at hand proves more interesting. The Dawn is left listening in, standing behind the loremistress.

Ramar clears his throat. "Chi-Yosh, while I am sure that you are content to admire the view from your point of view, it is rather rude to stand behind someone and eavesdrop." Ramar chuckles rather wryly as he enters the library. "Er... the gang's all here... why do I get the feeling something big is about to happen?" He studies the three of them, then the book, "Judging from your expressions, and that book... we're going after the Three Circles? Alright. I'll get my cloak. Where do we go first?"

What Rumika found are several pages in which tiny spider automata can be found, exhausted of their power. The pages were woven by these creatures, and the elegance and evident power of their nature suggests one source, and only one: the Book of Three Circles, famed source of sorcery in the First Age. The pages now resting in the notebook purchased from Pai Tao were authorized replicas of pages from the book. Whatever sorcerer assembled his lab notes and other things into that notebook held a direct transcript of knowledge from the Book itself.

"So," says Davron, "if we wish to find the Book, we must first find the sorcerer who had these notes transcribed. He or she either is, or was, in possession of the Book." He rubs his chin with a worried expression.

Cloudburst raises an eyebrow at Davron, "If I have read right, such a thing can surely be achieved by means already within your grasp. If you are puzzled here, however, perhaps another can provide the lore you need? There is a man I have seen about here for a time that calls himself only the Fisher. I do not know all of his tale, but he seems one to know many things that seem lost. Especially when those things are of great value to the seeker."

Ramar suppresses a laugh. "The Fisher... how... convenient." He nods, "I believe we are already well acquainted with him. Er. But you make a good point. We should go and ask him what we might do, if he is willing to help us. Although..." Ramar shrugs, "He may decide that the book should go to his faction instead..."

Davron rubs his chin. "That could be. Still, he may be willing to provide some help to us." He looks up at Ramar. "More importantly, he may have other forms of advice to offer. At present, we know nothing of the current possessor of the Book - except that they are a powerful sorcerer, all the more so for having the Book."

"Whatever his faction might be, you currently know nothing at all that will lead you to your treasure," says Cloudburst, seemingly offended that her suggestion should be received so poorly. "I suggest you make use of the assets you have at hand."

Chi-Yosh's lips purse. Davron does bring light to the thought that, where ever the book is, it is most likely in the hands of someone most powerful. That certainly begs the question, how will they obtain it from someone so powerful? Unless the previous owner is lo longer alive. Or contained within the Realm. Yet, they must try, for there is nothing else but attempting, or forfeiting their heritage. "All we know is Pai Tao received this book from someone else, and without Fisher's aid, track it back through the hands it transverse."

"It is just that I am unsure of what to do with this information. This book is a rather powerful thing, yes? It stands to reason that the Bronze, or even the Gold would want it. I would wager that nearly every Exalt with designs of power, or Sorcery, or anything would want this book..." Ramar shakes his head slowly, "We might check the book. Pai Tao is a good starting point. Or perhaps we might try Rumika... she seemed to know something about this..."

"Rumika discovered the book-spiders upon the pages," answers Davron. "She had found little more when she passed the notebook to me." He rubs his chin. "I think we should speak to Pai Tao, at the very least. The last owner of the book is surely not the sorcerer we seek, but knowing who it was may give us some forewarning of what we will face when we find the Book. But... I agree with Cloudburst. We should also speak to the Fisher, and discover to what extent he can - and will - help us."

Upon arriving at the Fisher's modest quarters, the Circle make themselves known, and are invited in politely by the Sidereal. He listens patiently, in his way, to their story. "I see," he says at last. "I would advise you pursue the matter with the Scavenger Lord. You may also call upon the services of a Celestial sorcerer to locate the sorcerer tied to the pages. I know of one, if you wish."

Davron bows to the Fisher. "We appreciate your advice as always," he says. "We shall consult with Pai Tao first, and learn what we can by mundane means; though I suspect we may need the assistance of your sorceror before we are done."

---

Pai Tao the Scavenger Lord operates his little business up the stairs off a side street in Nexus. The City of Ten Thousand Sins is as dirty, corrupt, lawless and alive as ever when the Solars arrive, and three men die before the Circle is able to get from the gates to the man's half-hidden shop.

"Of course," the cat-eyed merchant says, upon hearing of the interest his customers have for the notebook. "I keep detailed records of every transaction." He moves to a cabinet, unlocking it with a brass key, and withdraws a hefty, leather-bound tome. A few minutes of consultation follow, and finally the man is able to find a scrap of parchment and dip his quill into ink to write a few crabbed lines of writing. He presents this to Davron with a smile. "A Guild merchant from the River of Tears, as I recall." Upon the scrap is written a name, and a sailing route - enough, at least, to help the Circle find their man on the docks of Nexus.

Pantelpras Pree, also called "the Sparrow", is well known to the dock-wallopers and harbormen of Nexus, and for a few precious jade coins, they consult a time-honored map of the routes of Guildsmen. "He's sailin' the River of Tears about now. Y'can't miss his ship when it comes back in, what with'n the feather-sails and all." Further conversation reveals that Pree's regular route takes him from the White Sea to the Yanaze River and back - he bypasses Cherak, putting into port at such places as Gethamane, Icehome, and Sijan. He carries cargoes from the north on a tight schedule, and he's never been late.

Davron consults with his companions. "Given this Pree's punctuality," he remarks, "it should be a simple matter to fly ahead of him and wait for his arrival." He consults the Guild sea-charts with Ramar, and with a few more questions of the Guildsmen, a rendezvous point is chosen along the River of Tears. "We'd best pack cold-weather gear again," he comments with a wry grin, "and hope that our voyage is less eventful than our last expedition to the North."

"Right. Cold-weather gear. One of these days though, Davron, I'll have to teach you how to not let the cold mind you so much... you'll be tanning in the North just you wait and see..." Ramar grins, and starts pointing the ship towards the rendez-vous point. "I think this ship's made out of sturdier stuff... but between you and me, I don't want to find out. Not just yet anyway. So how do we get him to hear us out?"

---

The flagship of the Guild fleet hails the airship as it approaches, raising flags of non-hostility, and waits for the airship to signal the same. Matching course and speed is not difficult, and ropes are thrown over the deck and secured. This done, the Circle and their mortal companion descend to the deck of the Guildship, noting its feather-sails as they come down. And they learn that Pantelpras Pree is well named. Rather than hair, he has blue feathers that stretch down past his shoulders, and aquiline features - though he lacks an actual beak, and his face is rather handsome as it is. A few moments of quiet transaction follow, and Pree leads the way to his state-room in the aft section.

Davron, as is his wont, speaks directly to the point - though he does exercise a little care in his choice of words. "Pree, there is a notebook we obtained from Pai Tao of Nexus some time back. We found it most edifying, and we are interested in finding more about where it came from." He shows Pree the artifact in question. "Can you give us any assistance?"

The Sparrow smiles - a rigid, thin smile, as of a man anticipating profit. "Something of importance, eh? Let me see.." He turns the notebook around carefully, then returns it and moves to his locked safe. The ship's ledgers are opened, and the merchant begins to leaf through his records. Pai Tao recorded the date of sale, and Pree's records are apparently in even better order than the scavenger lord. "I didn't handle it myself," he says at last, closing the book. "But I know the man who did. Now, then...."

Careful dickering convinces Pree that this is nothing more than an investigation for Pai Tao, an old and reliable customer of the Guildsman's wares from the North. As established business relationships are important, Pree directs the Solars three craft back in the fleet, even naming the man who handled the transaction, and sends them on their way with nary a piece of silver changing hands.

---

"Crazy he was, like a broken man, or a Wyld-tainted shaman," mumbles Tal, the assistant trader aboard the _Osprey_, another in the Sparrow's fleet of ships that even now sail north toward the White Sea. "His hair, all turned white by something, and brown at the tips... his eyes were black, all the way through, and he said it'd been done by something in the depths.. 'monsters from the deep', he said." Tal is describing the individual who brought him the notebook and a few trinkets besides. "We ran into him in Icehome. He was thrown in prison there. Poor fellow... he'll probably never get out, as long as he keeps raving like that."