While the others are occupied with their respective duties, Chi-Yosh continues his own direction of thought. His role does not take him far from the central palaces and thoroughfares of the magnificent city, and so he is the easiest to find when a least god - a messenger, no more - approaches him and bows humbly, extending two metallic hands that clutch a scroll-case and a block of something, tightly wrapped in silk.

Chi-Yosh bows in turn and accepts the contents. Sitting upon a bench crafted of starlight, he sets the block into his lap, to regard the tube first. Rolling it in his hands; finely crafted with inlays of jade veins, the case is lovely but unlabelled. He removes the cap and withdrawals the contents.

On the scroll, written in the delicate tracery and elegant verbiage of Old Realm, is a petition. It implores the Circle to return to its Nation soon - ill omens have been recurring as the days of Calibration are passing, moreso than usual. Well water has turned foul, and the clouds deluge the countryside with an icy cold rain. An unhealthy wind blows from the west, while the rats and snakes and meaner things of the earth grow unnaturally active. The petition is signed with the personal chop of a Dragon-Blooded priest Chi-Yosh vaguely remembers meeting during the Nation's expansion, and he realizes with a start that this is a prayer, directed at him and the others.

Chi-Yosh, upon realizing the message's true nature, is left struck. He has never received a prayer before. Though the possibility that every prayer comes in such a pretty fashion might say something for the weight of the wishes of the world. But the pleasant thoughts are drown in the misfortune this message brings. Reading over the symptoms, he can't help but first blame the Deathlords. But soon the Fae enter his mind; even if Ramar had given them something else, a disjointed band may still be angry. Whatever the case, the Circle cannot attend to it, not with the way Heaven is at current. Resigned, he rolls up the prayer, treating it with care before attending to the block in his lap.

Within the package is a chalice, engraved of silver and gold. The artwork is beautiful beyond compare - a true masterwork. The messenger-god, still present and seemingly awaiting something, bows a little lower, but says nothing.

Chi-Yosh's brows knit as he turns the chalice in his hands. Turning his attention to the spirit, "Was this sent as an offering with the prayer?"

"This is the shape that the quintessence took, Lord," answers the messenger in a servile tone. "The material form of the prayers that your cult made."

Chi-Yosh considers this. "The Essence that is created from a multitude of prayers takes physical form, rather than direct power to the entity they pray to?"

"That you received quintessence like this signifies the use of a special prayer," the messenger explains, almost scraping its hooded and glinting forehead upon the street. "Perhaps it was felt that mere Essence would be less welcomed than a gift."

"Ah." Chi-Yosh turns the cup in his hand once more, thankful for the gesture but having little use for the magnificent gift. "Thank you, sir," he says to the messenger. "You have answered all of my questions. I appreciate your assistance."

Chi-Yosh takes another look down at the chalice. "Wait," he hails the messenger. "Is there a bureau in Heaven that records all of the quintessence manifestations? All things that are shaped by the prayers, and the prayers themselves?"

"Come. I will show you," offers the messenger, turning and trotting off at a good clip.

---

In a city of vast and magnificent structures everywhere, even a warehouse takes on daunting dimensions. The crystal spires and walls of frozen flame of the Munificent Admittance of Harmonious Offering, known as the Quintessorium to some, house an operation of considerable complexity. Chi-Yosh is guided through this place, which looks almost like a series of oases where bubbling water made of liquid gold and silver is carefully tended to by spirits.

"In this place, the Prayer of the Alabaster Soul and the Prayer of the Spirited Penitent, and others, make quintessence and Ambrosia for the gods of Yu-Shan." The messenger bobs its cowled head as it speaks, gesturing with its shiny steel hand at the pools.

"Through the power of their Exaltation, Chosen priests may bring material goods into existence. There is quintessence, the lesser form of such prayers. It may be shaped or it may remain unshaped, but it can become any common or noble material. There is also Ambrosia, much more coveted, and the greater form. It may become anything quintessence can, or one of the Five Magical Materials, or almost anything else."

Chi-Yosh pays more attention to the messenger's words than the sights around him. "I see. So everything must take a form, or be unshaped energy. Especially this Ambrosia... Tell me, could this Ambrosia be used as a weapon against a God? The sacrifice of a powerful object by a Chosen priest directed at a God?"

"Directed at? As a weapon? Goodness no." The messenger shakes its head quickly. "It could be made into a weapon. But that weapon would need to be wielded. And as you know, violence is..." The spirit considers its words. "... forbidden."

"Nor are sacrifices necessary. The greatest Exalted issued prayers with nothing more than mouthfuls of wine or holly sprigs, and the chiefs of Yu-Shan's spirits felt their power nonetheless."

"Yes," says the Solar as he rubs the back of his neck. "I was just considering this in light of what has happened to the Steersman." He gazes down at the scroll case then. "Thank you. Where is the Bureau that catalogs the text of a prayer that comes into Yu-Shan?"

"The Bureau of Humanity makes many records, but they are not the only ones - only the most complete."

---

Egress is sending messages. Lots of them. Since her meeting with the Sidereals, she's made herself as aware of everything as she can. The Sidereals know what she wishes to do, and they are giving her the critical advice she needs to achieve it. The Solars and Lunars are the ones she wishes to bring together now, but arranging a meeting of the Celestials is going to take some doing. Especially since her key piece of information has not yet been learned. She is now seeking to join up with her circle and see what they have found. The assassination must be uncovered before she can hope to pull the union together.

Ramar is at present thinking. The revelations of the past day or so have been great, and he's no closer to solving the conundrum than before. He walks the streets of the Heavenly City, pacing as it were, to help get the thoughts flowing. _Perhaps it is time to find the others, and see if perhaps they can help me piece some sense out of this._ And so, Ramar sets off in search of the others.

"The attack on the Loom still cannot explain what I saw, and there is only one place I can think of to find the explanation," Davron is saying to Egress, as Chi-Yosh and Ramar arrive. "The Lions were skeptical, of course, especially when I explained exactly what it is that I seek to consult, but my own guardian remains here to ensure my own good behavior," he says, tapping his jade collar, "and I've agreed to their other arrangements to ensure that I consult only its wisdom and not its power. In turn, they've agreed to keep its location in the strictest confidence." It, of course, is the Book of Three Circles. If the magic Davron witnessed in use against Kejak was known in the First Age, and if Davron can describe it in sufficient detail, he will find its true nature there.

Chi-Yosh, pleased to find the others. He allows Davron to finish, before presenting the prayer and its manifestation to the Circle, before offering a summary of the trip to the Quintessorium. "Silent Wind through Dry Leaves has found no entrances or exits that are viable, but I think I understand how our individual entered; a prayer was made. I have not asked for a log of all manifestations, but it is very possible that our assailant prayed a passage in, and was aided by a confederate inside the Munificent Admittance of Harmonious Offering. So it is very possible that we are looking at a Chosen from outside who is in league with someone inside of Heaven, or at least possible to travel here on regular terms."

"If that is the only way, then it must be done," says Egress. "I have done all I can to return to my proper place in the Celestial Order. I have spoken with many Sidereals and they are willing to work beside us. There are many concerns we must address that are every bit as troubling as the passing of the Steersman. The Realm is in a rather dangerous state and the time is running out for a successor to be selected. I promised to assist in preparing and supporting such a successor. With some provisos, of course. I fear the union is going to make a lot of work for all of us." She listens to Chi-Yosh's words carefully, a worried frown curving her lips as she mulls that over. "So, a conspiracy involving those in Yu-Shan. I imagine that through the Realm Chejop made a great deal of enemies here. Not that he wouldn't have made them anyway, of course. I fear this is yet another avenue that must be pursued. I hope it provides us some hints that lower the number of culprits."

With news shared, the Circle elects to follow Davron's path next - return to Creation, and seek knowledge from the Book.

---

The Nation is not in chaos, but this Calibration has seen more frayed nerves than usual. With his own eyes Davron beholds some of the signs and portents that inspired enough dread to force action from one Exalted priest and two dozen of his acolytes. Unable to discern their meaning in the limited time he has, the Twilight hurries to the hidden sanctum of the Book, passing through the wards and locks he himself placed there.

"Book of Three Circles, I seek knowledge of sorcery and the hiding of sorcery," Davron begins. Having witnessed such an unbelievably complex working only once - even with All-Encompassing Sorcerer's Sight - Davron does not find it easy to recount all of its details. The fabric of reality had been rewoven to cover and channel the workings of the spell that slew Kejak, at levels of Essence he has only barely begun to learn about; but he recounts every detail his formidable intellect can recall, every folding and knotting, every vibration and flow, even the ones he might otherwise have deemed irrelevant. And it is not just the spell itself that he seeks to learn about. If anything, the magics of the concealment of magic may be more relevant, for it is those incredibly subtle workings, as Davron knows, which could not have been conceived in the Second Age.

"Possible match found. Essence Concealment Protocol. Developed by Devonian scholars, circa 595 years prior to Usurpation," the Book recites. It has learned to cast things in terms its current users understand, at least. "Advanced application of low-level submergence of Essence. Example: grass grows. Life energy is distributed to grass via Celestial channels of Essence emanating from the Unconquered Sun. Detection of such Essence is negated by background count of similar energy. Synthetic applications diffuse patterns of Essence through an area, then submerge the principal streams below _ket_ layer."

Davron digests this. In short, it begins with spotting a blue ship on a blue sea - the eye sees the same color everywhere and can't make out the anomalous object. And to further the example, the ship is submersible - under the water itself, and thus further hidden from detection.

Such magic would have been spotted later through sorcery, because - of course - the 'background count' would be gone. The water would be lower, revealing the ship's presence.

"What level of Essence use is needed to invoke Essence Concealment Protocol?" Davron asks, suspecting that he knows the answer. "What manner of beings are known to be able to perform it?"

"The Protocol was a generally applicable procedure. It requires Autochthonian Essence-science. Versions of the haze shields and avoidance barriers observed on Autochthonian installations inspired the design. Similar research led to the spell Mirage of Protective Shelter. Reference its design notes for details."

Davron's brow furrows. An artifact, then? "Is it necessary for the Protocol to be invoked in the same physical location as the Essence to be concealed, or can it be done from outside a closed room?"

"The Essence scatter must be performed from the same location. However, this does not require the presence of a machine except in the initial preparation stages."

Davron says, "Initial preparation stages? How much time could elapse between those stages and the concealed magic itself?"

"An indefinite amount of time, in theory. However, conditions in the target environment must be known in advance for the scatter to be meaningful." In short, you can plan as far ahead as you like, as long as you know what the Essence in your target will be like when it's time.

Upon a request for more specifics, the Book provides a rather ominous reply: "Specifications of the machinery in question are not available. Those records are not found in this Book and are listed as destroyed under order of the Deliberative, on security grounds."

---

Davron returned with a fair amount of data, which he relays. In addition, as a response to Egress' questioning, he presents a short biography of the Protector of that era, a man known as Jerak. He was a Solar of the Night Caste, known to be exceptionally paranoid, crafty, and cunning. It was said that he kept a sample of every weapon ever used in a political assassination, and understood the uses of them all - even such 'weapons' as globefish venom.

Jerak perished during the Usurpation - ironically the victim of one of his own weapons, turned upon him by a surprise attack. This knowledge does not come from the Book, which has no records of such things, but from a Sidereal contact Egress has cultivated.

Like many of his Solar contemporaries, he was rumored to have distributed the best of his weapons, knowledge, and power in hidden caches - to be reclaimed by the Solar avengers of a future age - or perhaps by his own reincarnated self.

---

"Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak." This is Lytek, extending the name out unnecessarily as he searches his files. "Yes. He reincarnated twice. His final incarnation was.. well, this is interesting. He actually made contact with a Sidereal agent at one point twenty years ago, going by the name Havesh the Vanisher. Perhaps he's still alive."

"You understand, of course," the spirit adds, glancing from face to face, "that I'm only revealing such things under duress. The Lions compel me to aid in your investigation."

Egress nods, "Of course. There is a matter of confidentiality that must be seen to." She frowns thoughtfully at the information, "Well then. It seems we must track that one down. I have a feeling that his memories contain some of the most dangerous details." The Sidereals must know of this. At least Egress prays they do. If not, it is highly likely that the Deathlords have him.

A knife juts from Lytek's immaculate desk, wobbling slightly in the wake of its throw-and-impalement. Nobody knows where it came from, but all recognize the handwriting thereon. "They don't", is all it says.

The startle factor is high, given the subject material, the murder, and the suddenness of the note's appearance. Nearly everyone - including Lytek - jumps noticeably. And as they regain their senses, they become aware of another presence. It is a tall and burly man, with a shock of black hair, and a cruel expression of face. His eyes are keen, piercing, holding each of the Circlemates in turn as he looks from face to face. Even Egress, who has held sway over tens of thousands, feels the power of him. His mouth cocks into a haughty smile. "My memories. They don't have a lotta detail. But I know a few things."

He bears no crown of diamonds and wears no robes of station. He's dressed like a common traveler or woodsman, and bears no obvious weapons.

"Most impressive," says Egress softly. "Perhaps you are the one who can help us," she adds, recovering from the surprise with her usual grace. "I take it you know a great deal of what has been going on in Yu-Shan lately, Vanisher? Someone with your knowledge of avoiding detection might be just the one to help us find out who it was that did this. I must admit it's rather surprising to have you pop-up now. How long have you been following my Circle?"

"Awhile," comes the noncommittal reply. "Awhile before I introduced m'self awhile back, anyway."

Egress actually laughs softly. "You are a most interesting person, Vanisher. I do hope this means I won't have to talk to you with thrown stones anymore. Have you learned anything beyond the rather vague notions of trouble that I've heard of?" She frowns and tsks at herself. "But this is no time for the Nation's problems to capture all my mind. I hate to do it, but we must focus on the greater picture. Do you have any memory of a device to conceal sorcery from your past memories?"

"Sure. 'S the start of my studies into hidin' an' sneakin'," he explains nonchalantly. "Got pretty good at it."

"I have a rather strange question, and I hope you aren't offended," says Egress. "You didn't have anything to do with Chejop's death, did you? Oh, and have you ever met anyone else who could avoid notice as well as you? We really must get to the bottom of this. It has Yu-Shan rather in an uproar." She looks to the knife, "And once this is done I'm going to have to teach you some ettiquette."

"Killin's not usually my style," the big man demurs. "An' if I ever met 'em, I wouldn't notice, if you take my meaning."

Ramar takes a moment or two to regain his composure, such as it is. He looks around carefully, and reaches for the Mask of Secrets. The Mask fits to his face well enough, and once it does, he looks around the office... wondering if there're signs of any other entrances that the Vanisher might have entered through...

No other entrances are visible. However, Ramar is now aware of a virtual arsenal of weapons the man keeps concealed on his person.

"Well, the Essence Concealment Protocol was used to hide the spell that was used against Kejak," Davron says, as Ramar dons the mask. "Where could someone have gotten a device that could do that?"

"Prob'ly found the cache before I did," Havesh theorizes. "Never can tell who's been in a place, les'n you trap it yourself, like I did."

Ramar removes his mask after he's certain of what he sees. He gives a slight shrug as once again his vision is what he sees. "For someone who's style isn't killing... you're certainly prepared to do so," comments Ramar. "I don't suppose you'd know who it was, then, since as you say... you trapped it?"

"I could sift through the ashes for ya," is his calm reply.

Chi-Yosh finally breaks his silence, regarding the nothing he met so long ago. "Not to pry into your business, hat has brought you to Yu-Shan, if you havn't come to mingle with others?"

"Damn," says Davron. "Two steps forward, one step back. Whoever did find it must still be alive. But how the hell would we find them?"

"We must find out where it was hidden and work our way from that," says Egress. "If you know which place it would have been concealed in, Vanisher, we can trace our way back. It's at least a hope, though I imagine the trail is quite cold by now."

"Nobody'll be tracing anything," a strong and determined voice comes from the entrance to Lytek's study. It is another Celestial Lion, and before Havesh can act, it's ensnared him as well. The big man struggles vainly for a few seconds, which would be a comical sight - his arms flailing, his legs wobbling, his face contorting - if the Solars didn't appreciate the gravity of the situation. Finally he stops - or is subdued. The Lion's voice continues. "The intruder has been caught, Lytek. Your office will be submitted to the queue for a security-breach audit. This one will be interrogated."

With this said, Havesh begins a curious dance, fighting himself as his body is moved by the Lion's force toward the door.

Chi-Yosh offers a solemn, apologetic look towards the Vanisher for having exposed his cover for questions that hadn't helped their investigation.

"While I appreciate your professionalism," says Egress to the Lion, "I am unsure whether your work has aided the investigation or merely hindered it. It seems to be the latter far more than the former thus far." She frowns thoughtfully and adds, "When you have satisfied yourselves and wasted enough time questioning him, please allow him to return to us."

Davron steps forward. "I wish to be present for the interrogation," he says.

"Those who wish to observe may do so."