Above the ruins of Rathess, thunderheads form. As if springing up like a sudden wind, they conspire together in a tight, churning mass above the clearing where the vehicles rest. No lightning, not even the snarl of booming noise, just air heavily laiden with the weight of water begins a torrent over the jungle fortress. Water streaks down as if poured over a grate set in the sky. Heavy droplets strike the ground at the Solars' feet. Yet the ground repels the water, refuses to accept it, or perhaps it is the other way around; each splash builds upon itself, a form filling up like a clear statue of glass. When the figure's head is sculpted from the wetness, clouds part, allowing the sun to shine bright through the crystalline liquid.

Stepping across the overgrown grass, the spirit crosses towards the base of the now-flyable airship. "Hark!" Calls the being, voice like a reverberation of crystal through the air. "I seek the Champion of Azel!" Moments later, Chi-Yosh's head emerges from over the railing of the ship, and with a leap, the Dawn slides down the side of the craft, hitting the ground with a skid. "I am he," he declares.

From within the depths of the messanger, bubbles form, surging up from its stomach up to the surface of its skin. As each pocket of air comes forth, the voice of the Keeper of the Antiquites of the Sea can be heard. "Chi-Yosh, my stalwark defender. Several obstacles have come across my desk at once." She goes on, delivering a small list of particulars, offering a synopsis, before finishing, "Accompany Dew on Flowers to Yu Shan, for a more detailed briefing."

With a nod more to himself than anything, the Dawn looks up at Dew on Flowers. "I'll be right with you." Turning, he scales up the ship, to find his companions.

The rebuilding of a civilization takes time. That is the longest of goals, but it must start here, in the city of Rathess. Even now there is a new life growing, and with the return of the Dragon Kings, things are being set right again. Yet much remains to be done. The Heirophant speaks long with her circlemates and after much careful consideration, they call upon the Eclipse Sun-and-Moon. Upon her shoulders falls the direction of the recovery efforts. Added to this effort are Dragon Blooded who have come to be loyal to the Solar cause. The promise of glory and a great deal of wealth certainly make their sacrifices easier to bear. Yet not all dragon kings will stay behind. The pterok has decided to go with the Heirophant and with him comes one of the Raptok as well. They wish to see this flying city and accept the offer of the Heirophant to take part of it and make it into a place where their kind will feel at home.

From coal miner's daughter and would-be rebel to Solar Exalt, Sun-and-Moon has had an arduous few years. The ancient Lunar sorcerer Erisus was driven to the point of twisting her very spark with Wyld energies to destroy her old incarnation, but now has come out of his seclusion to become her mentor. Perhaps the old flame of the marriage which was torn apart still burns in him; even Egress is not certain of Sun-and-Moon's own feelings, though.

It is her alliance to Erisus, though, which makes her well-suited here. The _olchilik_ god-hybrid called Rowan respects her, for his god-half hailed from the uttermost East, lands in which the name Weeping Prowler commands respect even today. In turn, she is the ambassador of goodwill from the Lunar. But she is more.

Davron and Ramar glimpsed some of her latent power in the bowels of the City of Dreams, when she commanded them to defend themselves and then wielded Essence in ways she can now not even fathom. Some of that power is growing visibly in her again. Though she will be forever indebted to the Circle, she is becoming an independent agency within the Celestial ranks, and this assignment is proof of their trust in her.

With things now in-hand in Rathess and the hard work begun, the Heirophant must turn away again. Her job is not to finish this task, but to move on to the next. There are many lands that need her. First, however, she must go to Ranapura and meet the Priestess. She wishes to have more information about the status of the world. Of greatest interest are the movements (if any) of the Deathlords and the civil unrest in the Realm. Even now Egress is not certain if she should stir that bee's nest or wait upon it a while longer. Her heart calls her to the Blessed Isle, however, and that tugging is growing steadily more powerful. She often murmurs to herself, "I hope it is only natural ambition." For she fears the darkness she saw in the labyrinth.

What Egress learns is comforting in some sense, and distressing in others. The factionalized leadership of the Realm, including the dozen or more Great Houses, the Imperial legions themselves, the Immaculate order, and even the satraps and client-states the Realm still commands, have begun to align themselves into a few power blocs. Mortal kingdoms, particularly in the East and South, have begun to martial their own forces in reaction to a perceived renewal of aggression from the Blessed Isle. In the North, Yurgen still fights. In the West, Gilthane is facing off in an economic showdown with the Silver Prince.

More active Celestials have been traveling Creation, some in disguise, a few openly. Here and there they have rallied nations to fight, or have instigated uprisings. Elsewhere they have been attacked as heretics, demons, or worse.

Mai Bo and her allies in the Southwest report that the First and Forsaken Lion is girding himself for war, though it is now understood that his march might come a decade or more from now.

Egress listens to the report and nods slowly. "It is going much as we imagined. It certainly could be worse." The Zenith sighs quietly and rubs the bridge of her nose. "I think our best course of action is to progress as we have been, and not let these events alter our plans. The news of the First and Forsaken Lion is worrying, but until we have a better idea of exactly what he is doing, we cannot let it influence our plans overmuch. We should focus on bringing a glorious victory to the Bull of the North, stabalize the nations that have allied with our power, and proceed with great caution where the Deathlords are concerned." She looks over to her circlemates, "Are there any specific problems with this view?"

Davron rubs his chin. "It seems like a prudent plan. But... is there not something we can do to stymie the Deathlords, in a subtle fashion? Something they may not even notice at first, and that will but slowly grow in potency? The Deathlords plan for the long term - we would do well to follow their example."

"The names," says Egress. "And the work in Denandsor. They are the two main thrusts against the Deathlords, not to mention proper burial practices, which deprives them of larger armies. Now we simply must see to it that the Realm's break-up doesn't create a Shadowland on the Blessed Isle. That is perhaps the greatest threat to the future."

"Burial practices will help, but they must be spread by word of mouth and messenger. It will take time, and people. I have something else in mind," says Davron. "You have concerned yourself with the culture of the Dragon Kings, Egress, but what do you know of their technology?"

Davron continues. "The Dragon Kings did not smelt and forge as we humans do, or it was not their preferred method. They learned the ways of crystals, grown and shaped to their end; but in this case, I am referring to their mastery of vegetative technology. They knew the ways of plants, breeding and reshaping their nature to their own ends..."

"Imagine if you will, Egress, a plant that inhibits necromantic Essence," continues Davron. "A plant that, if it grows upon a grave, will make it just a little harder for the Deathlords' servants to raise that corpse as a zombie, or enslave its ghost..."

Egress raises an eyebrow, "So a plant can do this?" she asks quietly. She looks thoughtful and adds another question, "Is it possible that my hearthstone can be used to make this more effective?" Davron certainly has her attention. There can be no doubt of that. "And what of Ramar's recent journey into the great east?" She looks between her friends, an eager light in her eyes.

Davron grins. "These things will help greatly, in its development and in its spread. I want this plant to spread its seeds upon the wind, that they may bloom wherever it lands, provided the soil can support it - which should be as many kinds as possible, of course. And once we have the first seedlings, Egress, we will need your help to sing up its first offspring... around the edges of Ranapura."

"And we could spread the seed across Creation, and make our own city a beacon against the shadow as well," says Egress. She marvels at this ingenuity and says, "Whatever it requires, Davron, make it so. We have two of our Dragon King friends with us. I imagine we shall come to have more friends coming along soon."

The search for this passive, quiet weapon against the Deathlords requires a great deal of work. The Heirophant naturally takes up the mantle of organizer and provides her passion even where she lacks direct talent. The focus is once more Rathess, where not only the lore of Dragon Kings may still be found, but also their work, left some centuries to grow in its own direction. The circle hopes that with the aid of the wisdom of the Dragon Kings they may find a candidate that is suitable to their needs.

Davron would never have known where to start looking, were it not for the assistance of Rowan and his kin. Though the actual layout of Rathess may be gone from living memory, it was still the creation of the Dragon Kings, and they know where they themselves would have built their institutions. Still, it is a long search before they finally encounter the buildings and gardens which once housed one of Rathess' herbariums - followed by a brief but pitched battle with the stalkers that hunted these fertile grounds for the creatures that fed there.

Fortunately, the stalkers did not know that the purpose of the racks of crystals along one wall was to serve as a collection of lore; and so though the crystals are scattered, and probably many are lost, there is still an ample supply of them. And there is another lucky find: a crystal reader. Though the display lens is cracked, Rowan pronounces it salvageable, and it is taken back to the camp, along with the shards of apparently useless crystal that the _olchilik_ indicates.

Davron watches intently, once more taking the role of eager pupil, as Rowan crushes the old fragments and mixes them with water and certain herbs, then immerses the cracked lens in the preparation, where the dissolved substances fill in the cracks. "This solution is not a permanent repair," says Rowan, "but it will suffice to make the device functional long enough for our present purpose."

Once the reader is repaired, Egress is called in once more, this time as a translator; for Davron cannot yet understand the High Holy Speech in which the data crystals are recorded, and Rowan's own mental energies are devoted to his own study of the ancient lore. Rowan himself is called upon to translate for Davron once in a while, as Egress' command of the ancient tongue does not always run to the more technical concepts expressed in the herbarium's records; and Davron pays even more attention to the words Egress cannot translate, as those represent key concepts in the vegetative technology which is Davron's most crucial interest here.

During a rest break, Davron rubs his head. "When I have some time to spare, I need to learn this tongue properly," he remarks dryly, inspiring a wry remark from Egress: "And when would that be, my friend?" Davron cannot help but laugh.

Finally, a decision is reached. "We can get root stock in the herbarium," says Rowan, "but it will need to be cross-bred with a related species from the salt marshes to the southwest." Salt is a traditional barrier against the Restless Dead, and the plant they seek to produce - which has been dubbed "Lifeweed" - will draw the natural salts from the ground it grows in, and extrude it in unbroken lines along its length, to augment its further anti-necrotic properties.

The place where the appropriate herbs are kept isn't difficult to find. Davron tries the broken stone door-handle carefully, and the door opens. Entering, it's difficult to tell where the jungle outside begins and ends, for the place is fecund with green, growing life.

As he and the others enter, several of the ropy tendrils and vines begin to animate themselves, rising up and rattling. They are lined with wicked thorns along their entire length, and they wriggle in snakelike anticipation.

Egress looks at the plant's threatening motion with something that is nearly disdain, but is perhaps closer to amusement. "This brings back memories," she murmurs softly. "At least there's no watering pot or bowl this time." The first vine to fly her way is given the first taste of the Heirophant's displeasure. The prayer strips fly from her sleeves and mid swing resolve themselves into the form of her naginata, the blade of it slicing through the vine with ease. "You can do much better," she murmurs, stepping forward, untroubled as she gets herself in the very center of the creature's focus.

As the Heirophant wades into battle with the vigor and determination that is her wont, Davron's supernatural skill with the bow also serves its purpose. The Twilight archer draws back his powerbow, and as he releases the arrows, they are imbued with Solar might. An entire net of tendrils, converging upon Egress from behind, is shredded to bits in a few well-placed shots - the broad-bladed arrowheads travel with such force as to create shockwaves in their wake, and even the vines that Davron misses are torn or scarred by the arrow's passage.

Egress waits patiently, looking tranquil, as if she were on the brink of a deep sleep, rather than battle. She barely breathes, so still until the vines at nearly upon her. She leaps suddenly, kicking off the vines that seek to snare her and launching herself skyward. The attack of one vine is caught with her naginata, the force of it spinning her like a top. In this sudden twirling her blade appears in blurs that come so fast it seems that Egress must have ten arms. The vines around her simply explode, bits of fiber flying as if it were being forced through a grinder as the naginata's essence-charged blade does not simply cut but annihilates everything it touches. When she comes to land again, the vines near her are no more, and a ring of green ooze surrounds her. Around her a rain of leaves is still falling, and her spear is extended directly behind her, held at the ready.

The vines, long grown thick and fat on the unintelligent stalkers, are no match for these more powerful foes, and soon the voracious creepers are tamed. The plants they seek are found growing at the very base of the verdant predator's stalks - sheltered from herbivorous creatures by its far more dangerous cousin above. Rowan and Davron uproot several of the tangling weeds with great care, taking care to preserve the whole root system. As they do so, Davron says, "I've seen somothing like this in a book somewhere... ah yes! Shimmerkelp. It grows in the salt marshes many leagues down the coast from Thorns. Perhaps that will be interfertile?" Rowan observes dryly, "If it is not, then we can make it so."

Shortly thereafter, airship and volo lift off from the ruins of Rathess and set out eastward - giving the realm of the Mask of Winters a wide berth; this is a sensible precaution under any circumstances, but all the more so for the fact that their current errand works to the Deathlords' undoing. The marshlands themselves are not a comfortable place - the buzzing flies and midges make an unpleasant combination with the oppressive heat - but beds of shimmerkelp do not prove too hard to find, and Davron is gratified that they do indeed bear a thin layer of salt on their leaves, from which they get their name. In the natural species, it serves as a protection against plant-eating creatures; in the species they will create, it will become a barrier against the restless dead.

Ranapura, rather than Rathess, will serve as the nursery for the new species; the Dragon Kings' former city is not yet prepared for the more complex works of growing new technology, and the nurseries of Ranapura are readily converted to Rowan's specifications. "It will take several generations," advises Rowan. "For these plants' generation time... it will take many months to produce the species we desire."

Egress sighs softly, drawing near to the plants. "We do not have months, little ones," she says softly. She speaks to the plants themselves, and her voice rises in song. As she sings for the glory of the Unconquered Sun the Zenith dances, striding through the nursery and sending forth the power of her voice that first touches the growing plants with essence, and then infuses them, so that every rain-gentle word, every resonating note brings greater life to the plants, causing seedlings to grow to full bloom in the course of a song.

And thus it is, after just a few short weeks, that the first Lifeweed seedling is born. Like its jungle parents, the plant has long ground runners, not unlike those of strawberries, which will allow it to spread quickly and be hard to eradicate; like the swampland ancestors, it extrudes salt upon its surface. But unlike any of its ancestors, it also produces tiny scarlet blooms, which emit a mildly fragrant and wholesome odor when they open. "Did you do that?" asks Davron to his _olchilik_ colleague. Rowan's reply: "Sometimes life does what it chooses, responding to its own will rather than our own. This is as it should be."