When Gallius returns from her personal work, she does not come alone. Numerous men of the Guild are with her, including stern guards that radiate authority and power, creating empty space with no other effort. These men take the silver Gallius has brought and also agree to keep the volos and Wingfoot with their own equipment, ensuring its safety. Whatever speech Gallius has had with the Guild, it seems to have gone exceptionally well. She is certainly quite pleased. "And now, my friends, we must see to the final task and then be on our way. It seems a day for meeting the most powerful and wise forces in Nexus."

The encounter with Pai Tao has reminded Davron that the importance of his Circle has grown greatly since his first visit to Nexus. "It's hard for me to remember that we are the rulers of a Nation now," he comments to Gallius, as the three travel through the Nexus District, the Council Tower looming ahead. "And as such, that we can present ourselves directly to the Council about affairs of state."

"Much has changed since our first trip to Nexus," remarks Chi-Yosh to Davron. "The battle of Greyfalls was fresh." Looking over the crowd, "And so much time has passed since we stepped into Syllum." The once rain-drenched kingdom has the Solar's mind, for it is the destination for his training soon to come. "I cannot imagine what it is to live hundreds of years, and millennia, and remember all that has passed."

"Yes, many things have changed," agrees Gallius. "But lately I have come to realize that what is right has not. I have made a discovery since I first sat on my throne in Bridal Veil. When dealing with those you desire to have as friends, honesty is the best gift of all. I have spoken with the Guild this day, and shared my concerns with them and told them that I plan to put the slave trade to an end. But to truly achieve that, I must lead the Guild to something far more profitable than the trading of lives." Her excitement is not concealed, "Yes, today we have started on the road to a victory over slavery. It will be a long road, my friends. But we have begun."

Davron nods. "We have many paths to tread, though. I certainly am glad to hear that the end of the slave trade may soon come to an end," he says, grinning briefly, "but if the Deathlords are left unchecked, free men and slaves alike will fall to Oblivion." He nods toward the Tower. "So let us take the first steps on _that_ road as well."

---

The Solars have visited the tower before. The majestic grandeur of Old Hollow is still preserved in some sections of Nexus; the tower of the Council of Entities is one of those places. The Solars can touch the warm, crystalline walls hidden inside the anarchy-roughened exterior and feel a strange heartbeat through some of them. Elsewhere, beautiful bas-reliefs of artistic and historical significance can be seen. The ascent itself is slow, with every muddy boot-step up the immaculate crystal steps a sort of embarrassment to the hallowed memory of the First Age.

At the top of the tower, the Council of Entities is in session. The Solars are expected; their arrival is announced in due course, and with due formality. The senior aides and lackeys of the Council-members attend to their respective masters and mistresses as the trio of Exalted are shown onto the floor. "We welcome you, friends and neighbors," intones the Emissary.

Gallius speaks first, as become her way. She bows politely to the Council before she speaks, "Thank you for your kind greeting, my friends. The welcome we feel is greatly appreciated. I am Gallius, and with me are my friends and advisors, Davron and Chi-Yosh." She indicates each man in turn. "We come with open hearts to seek your wisdom."

The Evening Master, Brueghel, nods slowly. "Then speak."

Davron speaks next, inclining his head toward the Councillor. "We come here seeking wisdom concerning the Deathlords, their nature, their activities, and their purpose - for what we know already troubles our hearts," he begins. "We have dealt with the Deathlords or their servants on several occasions now, and each occasion, rather than being reassured by direct experience, our fears have been strengthened: the fear that, before all is done, they will spread their dominion of death over all that lives."

The Emissary is the first and only one to speak. "Why us?" the enigma intones.

Chi-Yosh turns to the Emissary. "The powers of Nexus has stood for centuries, and seen every shade of Creation pass through the city gates and river thoroughfares. The leaders of another great city speak well of a past experience dealing with the shadows that darkened their doorsteps, and knowledge that came from this wise city, and with it the three chased the darkness away."

"All cities have names," prompts the Emissary gently. "Now.. what is it you suppose we have?" His voice is cool, like a calming breeze that blows over a river, and strangely beautiful.

"And we have learned all Deathlords have names and seem afraid of them," says Gallius. "We believe that you know who and what the Deathlords are. We believe you can tell us how we can best act to protect the living from the spread of the shadow. Will you please tell us, friends.. who are the Deathlords?"

"Who do you think they are?" The Emissary's voice is now a cool shadow, a breeze blowing over forested lands.

Davron shakes his head. "We know little for certain. We know only that they wear something akin to human shape, but darkened by the touch of death; and that their servants the Deathknights were created from beings akin to myself and my companions, their souls darkened somehow by the touch of the Deathlord they serve."

"I see." The Emissary phrases this as though he had gained knowledge, but none of the others of the Council seem at all disturbed or surprised by this. "And when did they appear?"

"The earliest report we have of their existence was a year before the Contagion," answers Davron. "The Deathlords held a convocation in secret in this very city - though our source was not privy to their purpose or agenda. The Deathlords keep their plans secret even from their own Deathknights."

"Is an Abyssal Exalted your only source on Deathlords, then?" the Emissary asks, his voice reflecting a smile.

"Our only sources are one who once was an Abyssal but is not any longer and from those of Great Forks," replies Gallius. "Few can claim to be experts on this subject. We were told to come and seek the aid of the Council if we wished to learn more."

"I see," the Emissary says again. "Now.. why should we tell you?"

"Because you are part of this world," says Gallius. "And because you and your people are also in danger. The safety and care of all men that live in Creation is my province and concern. Your focus is more specific, perhaps, but no less intense. The resolution of the Deathlord issue could well be the deciding factor in the future existance of life in Creation."

"Very well." The Emissary seems to consider. "Now. Why _you_, specifically?"

"The Nation of the Sun," begins Chi-Yosh, who has for the most part remained quiet. "It is the fastest growing area in the East. We are a homeland of Exalts, who join our ranks steadily. Not only is our power increasing, but as is our territory. And that territory is creeping closer to the lands watched by the Deathlords. The Realm can't deal with the Deathlords, for they are dealing with trouble from within and out. The Confederation of Rivers are powerful, but there is only so much the Terrestrial are capable of. If there is one to deal with the Deathlords, it is the Solar, and if there is any place strong enough to begin, and continue to gain might, it is us."

The Emissary nods slowly, as though digesting this. "Do you believe that what we know is enough to challenge a Deathlord?"

"Your knowledge was enough to deter a Deathlord from assaulting Great Folks," says Davron, "but they lacked the strength to do aught but defend their borders. Our own strength is not enough right now, though it is growing; but without the wisdom we need to direct our efforts, no amount of strength will avail. The mighty oak can be felled by one sturdy man with an axe, but a howling gale will not uproot it."

"Does it take strength, or simply knowledge?" asks the Emissary. There's a slight ripple of murmurs between the Counsellors as they whisper to each other.

"Strength without knowledge is unlikely to have any lasting effect," says Gallius. "And knowledge without the means to make use of it is worthy as lore, but cannot bring about change," adds the Zenith. "We will need both strength and knowledge to successfully defend our people."

_Ka ut ma,_ incants the Emissary, and the Solars feel their strength drained almost immediately from their bones and muscles. Helpless, they fall to the floor of the tower like rag dolls, their perspectives skewed. The Emissary's robes swish as he approaches the prone forms, and hunkers down to inspect them. "There are many kinds of strength," he murmurs. "Sometimes, all that is required is a few words... or the proper name." He rises, turning away, and the three feel their physical power flooding back into their bodies.

Davron gasps, blinking, as his mind recovers from his sudden helplessness, and he staggers to his feet. "You... make your point most graphically, my lord," he manages, visibly still recovering his wits. "Knowledge _is_ power, and the power of a name is greatest of all. But..."

"But we do not know the names," says Gallius as she rises. This is not the first time she's felt helpless as of late, so this experience does not leave her shaken for as long as one might expect. "And I would like to understand these foes better. The Solars have many enemies, but there are few that I feel we would be best destroying. The Realm can be brought to a better understanding of us in time. Even the Abyssals can be saved from the shadow. I believe destruction should be the last option we consider."

"There is something else," the Emissary murmurs. "If we knew the secret to destroying a Deathlord - and I trust you have no doubt that we could pursue the matter to its conclusion - why haven't we? This will be my last question before speaking further."

Gallius considers for a time, gathering her thoughts. "There could be many reasons. The Deathlords are elusive, and while you strike one down, several others could act against you. The cost of the victory could be very high. It is often said that the only thing worse than winning a war is to lose one. It could be that the Deathlords serve a purpose that is necessary and that we are not aware of. It could be that you fear that the Deathlords might learn the secret of such a power when it is used against once of them, and thus bring to bear a power even more terrible than that which is already at their fingertips."

"These thoughts do you credit," the Emissary replies. "While your answer is incomplete, what you have said is true." He gestures now to Lady Kratz, the ostentatious Astrologer of the Council. She flicks a pair of fingers with elaborately-jeweled fingernails, and the spirit ring upon Davron's finger flies off and takes rest on one of her own digits. With another casual motion, vines of light seem to grow from her hands. They weave together, taking the shape of a glowing man. Davron recognizes this as Yang, the spirit bound into the ring. "Tell them of the Great Prophecy, Sidereal," she commands. Yang obeys.

---

The Great Prophecy was a monumental act of astrological foretelling. It involved very nearly every Sidereal in existence at the time, and it led more or less directly to the Usurpation. It was a look ahead to the future of the world, and it held three possible futures.

In the first, the Sidereals would play king-makers with the Terrestrial Exalted, using them to supplant the Solars. In this future, the world was diminished, but not destroyed. In the second, the Sidereals would attempt to reform the Solars and end their madness. The chances of this future coming about were pitifully slim and wracked with difficulty. The third was Sidereal inaction, which led to the all-out destruction of the world and everyone in it as the Solar lunacy spread to all corners of Creation.

---

"But the Great Prophecy depended, like all astrology, on those things inside Fate," the Lady Kratz explains. "The actions of things outside of Fate, such as the Yozis and their creations, could destroy it.. on a large enough scale, they could invalidate the conditions of the Prophecy entirely."

Gallius listens to the story, rather familiar with it, by now. The words of Lady Kratz leave her wondering, though. It seems to indicate that the Yozis are involved in things something. But they were all bound away, if what she was told of the Malfeans is true. "So even now the Yozis can alter the destiny of Creation," she murmurs.

Davron rubs his chin. "But not just the Yozis... for the stars of Creation do not shine upon the Underworld." His brow furrows. "And it is the Underworld that is the Deathlords' domain, their plans and schemes beyond the sight of prophecy - even the Great Prophecy."

"Enough of a disruption in the pattern of Fate would invalidate the Great Prophecy," the Lady says quietly. "And if the Prophecy was broken, there would be hope for the world after all. A great tear in the fabric would do it. The death of enough people, perhaps..."

"So the presence of this great evil and its influences open a new chance for the future," says Gallius, sounding at once both shocked and excited. "Does this mean that the prophecy might already be made false?" she asks.

"It was invalidated the moment the Contagion did its work." The voice is that of Yang, the image of light that still glows here. His voice is resonant with doubt and guilt. "Whole new swaths of Fate would have been woven. None of the Prophecies lines could have survived.."

"So Fate now follows an uncharted course," says Davron slowly, as he traces the consequence of this new knowledge. "The Great Prophecy left Fate no choices but diminishment or the risk of destruction... but the Deathlords changed all that in one fell swoop. But that does not mean that the Deathlords are no longer 'needed', whatever that may mean - for Fate may again grow stagnant and limiting, as it did before the Usurpation."

Davron pauses, his eyes widening. "On the small scale, life and death interweave - creatures live, grow old, and die, and in dying make room for the new. And just on the small scale, so in the large - the Deathlords, by forcing Fate to re-weave itself, open the way for Fate to be born anew."

"In this, as with all else, it was the province of the Exalted to change the fate of Creation," Lady Kratz says quietly.

"Are you saying the Deathlords are Exalts?" asks Gallius quietly. "Are they just stronger, older versions of their servants, then?" She doesn't wish to say this. "They are Solars as well, aren't they?"

"In fact, they are those whose plan it was to change Fate," says the Lady.

"Do you mean they did this to save the Solars and Creation?" asks the zenith. "But.. if that were true, then.." It's simply hard for her to accept. "They made a pact with the Yozis. Did the Abyssals understand what they would have to do? Did they know that one day, they would have to be stopped by other Solars?"

The Emissary shakes his head. "The Abyssals came later. The Deathlords themselves out-manipulated the Yozis. Once again the Solars warred against the Primordials and were victorious, but in a battle of wits instead."

"They became agents of death; ghosts, apparently hungry for power after their demise. And yet they had conditioned themselves to do the right thing, at the right time... and thus the Contagion."

"Does that mean that their duty is done?" asks Gallius. "The Contagion has run its course. Can we use their names to break them away from whatever oaths hold them, or are they doomed for all time?"

"Only they know that," the Emissary says.

"Then I must ask them," answers Gallius. "Will they be able to answer, though?"

The Emissary lets out an unsettling chuckle. "For them to remember it, they must remember who they were and the deal they made."

"Then please tell me the rightful name of The Dowager of the Ireverent Vulgate in Unrent Veils, so I might learn the truth," says Gallius. "If her task is done, as I feel it now is, then I must continue to fulfill my oath and find a way to save her."

"If one falls, all must fall," intones the Emissary. "Are you prepared for that?"

"Not yet," admits Gallius softly. She looks to Davron, then to Chi-Yosh. "Soon. But not yet." And in her eyes, tears are just barely held in check. "I am sorry. We are not yet ready."

"Then return when you are," Lady Kratz replies softly. With another gesture Yang vanishes and his ring flies effortlessly off her finger and returns to Davron's.

"Time, sister," says Chi-Yosh, laying a hand on Gallius. "Time has shown us the ties that bind us to every thing, once enemies, now, lost family. Time will let us bring them back."