Thumbing through the Book of Three Circles has been instructive on its own. The Book is fully capable of guiding whatever sorts of investigations the reader wishes to pursue, and Ramar's curious and lore-hungry nature has stimulated many a sleepless night with the Book. He is conscious enough of his duties, and pained enough by his feelings about recent events, to at least focus his literary journeys along roads that will be productive to the Circle, to the Nation, and perhaps to humanity.

And one night, as he reads, and meditates on past battles - his disastrous outing with Nomolous months ago foremost in mind - he reads something that forms a crossroads in his thoughts. Gallius - still alive, by some miracle - sought the Dragon Kings, and spoke of traveling to Rathess. And war is not Ramar's strong suit. As his eyes rove over the the Book's pages, reading of the miraculous 'growing stone' of the Dragon Kings and how it was used as a sort of animated construction aid, Ramar conceives of an audacious plan. He will find a way to use this magic to make an assistant and a protector. And he will advance Gallius' goal of awakening the Dragon Kings. All he must do is visit Rathess.

And in stopping for a moment by the place where Gallius rests to pay a silent farewell before he sets sail to achieve this goal, Ramar's eyes alight on a simple pebble lying on a nearby table along with a decanter of ice-cold water. He remembers Gallius speaking of how she acquired it, of how the now-departed Fisher spoke of the thing as a 'key to Rathess'. His hand closes around the pebble; he slides it into a pocket. And then he is gone.

---

The temperate climes of the Nation of the Sun give way to the warmer temperatures of the southern jungles. The pyramid ship makes the transition smoothly, under Ramar's guidance. It is not long before they set down on the outskirts of the city. Ramar disembarks, hand closed tightly around the key to Rathess.

With him is Chi-Yosh, bearing in one hand a book of herbs found in the southeast, and some notes taken from the Book of Three Circles itself about the vegetative technology of the Dragon Kings. Davron as well has come, bearing his bow and his brain, familiar through his dreams with hints of the First Age and brimming with half-hinted memories of the Exalted and their traffic with the alien beings who once called this place home. Kez Sark, the Ronin, and Rabby, a more determined and mature woman than anything the Solars recall, have joined in the expedition.

It is the Lunar who leads, and Ramar who follows. Both have the keenest senses of anyone in the party, and both are fully aware of the dangers that lurk in Rathess. Men have come out of this place sans body parts, or missing even more vital things - such as their minds. Exploring parties have been discovered partially eaten, sliced in half by an impossibly sharp, thin glass wall, and... well, if legend is true, there are fates more horrific than death that have been met here. The ghosts that Rathess has spawned sometimes roam the jungles at night. Some are put to worse uses by the remaining inhabitants of the city.

Moving into the jungle city, the wafting mist drifts over Chi-Yosh. Finding something that is lost requires looking everywhere, even in the most obscure of places, and when draped beneath the cloak of Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves, he is lost to all but the most obsessive of searchers, and on occasion missing from even the Circle's perceptions. He follows close behind, fingers in the earth spreading around him, outwards past that which they cannot see.

Stone bridges lead across a series of chasms into the southern end of the city's ruined buildings. From prior visits, and the collected lore of those who have come here before, some of the "engineering" that was performed was concentrated more on the southern side. The Solars recall that Rathess was organized along stranger lines than the cities of man. They may have to search several buildings to find what they seek, rather than simply going to a central "warehouse" or "laboratory".

The Solars arrive at a stone door, apparently locked from the other side. Like many of the other passageways in Rathess, this one is formed of nigh-unbreakable stone; little but a weapon forged of orichalcum could pierce it.

Entering some of the inner chambers, Ramar raises a hand to call for a halt, and listens. He hears the heartbeats of those in the party. Behind his veil of stealth, Chi-Yosh's strong, steady pulse; Rabby's ever-elevated heart rate; the calm rhythms of Davron's phlegmatic humours; and his own, beating strongly with courage and adventure. He feels Kez's heartbeat. He is aware of the spirit that accompanies his friend. But... there is one additional heartbeat. Not present, but close. It does not beat with the drum of fear. It beats with the expectant rhythm of a patient predator.

"There's something else out there... close. I think it's watching us." Ramar whispers this to his friends while glancing around carefully, though here, even his enhanced senses might not be enough. He turns to Kez, "I don't suppose you have any idea where it is we find what we're looking for... or when we meet up with whatever it is that's stalking us?"

The young man shrugs winsomely and smiles, but his face reflects a trace of doubt. "Walk where the woman walks," he speaks, nodding at Rabby, who is rather quiet and reflective. She looks up suddenly, narrowing her eyes, then finally nods. "... Alright," she says at last. "I'll walk ahead. But for now..." And she glances at the stone door, which seems to be blocking access to the lower levels.

While the others speak, Davron's practiced eye, honed by the growing realization that architecture in Creation is often the difference between life and death, is drawn to a particular niche in the wall. In his mind he traces out what it does and where it must go, and a sudden realization dawns.

"Here," says Davron, striding to the niche and indicating a hole in the wall, just over three fingers wide. Bending down, the light from his Caste Mark illuminates the hole, revealing the shadowy shapes of machinery deep inside. "There used to be a wooden pole that went in here," he explains. "We need to get something to go down this hole to engage the mechanism."

A quick glance around suggests that whatever pole was used had rotted away centures ago, and no substitute immediately suggests itself to the eye. "Perhaps this will work," says Davron, drawing a fowling arrow from his quiver - the round wooden ball could engage the mechanism without inadvertently piercing through. "Unless anyone has a better idea?"

"Well, it's a bit of a walk to go chop down a tree... so I'd say go for it Davron." Ramar considers the door, carefully, then surveys the immediate surroundings, looking for signs of mechanisms designed to... discourage unwanted intruders.

Slipping out of the veil that Silent Wind provides, Chi-Yosh speaks up. "When I and Gallius first came to Rathess, she mentioned to me the pebble that the Fisher had given her. He said it was some sort of key. It might be a key in disguise, but I hesitate in the possibility we lose the special pebble for this task."

"Then I'll try first," says Davron. "I can afford to lose an arrow more readily than we can afford to lose that pebble." With that, he drops to a kneeling position, his bow parallel to the ground as he carefully sights down the hole. "Cover me," he says, "in case there's something on the other side of the door." And with that, he draws and fires...

There is a grinding noise, and the group steps back as the door begins to shudder. They discover it was much thicker than expected as it reveals itself not as a door per se, but as a solid slab of stone that heaves its way ever so slowly out of the doorway. As it moves, the niche in the wall seems to vibrate as well, and in a few moments a wooden rod jerks its way out of the hole. Davron's blunt-tipped arrow is pushed out ahead of it and clatters to the ground. On the rod itself are a series of notches, along with several markings - most in the inhuman tongue of the Dragon Kings, and a few signs in Old Realm. The rod clearly has some sort of significance, and may be part of the 'locking' mechanism of the door. And perhaps that of other doors further in.

Chi-Yosh tests the pole, discovering that it can be removed. Sliding it free of the crevice, he passes it to Davron, who slides the shaft into his quiver. The others file in behind Rabby and Ramar, who creep down the passage way into depths not witnessed by living eyes since ages past.

With this done, Rabby leads the way. Ramar again follows; Kez takes up the rear. Davron stays busy studying the fascinating, sometimes disturbing architecture of the ruins. For his part, Chi-Yosh is the watchful, nearly unseen protector.

---

Through the corridors and down stairs the Celestial Exalted move, and gradually the city of Rathess takes on more overtly alien tones. Davron in particular is struck by the inherent _wrongness_ of some of it - he watches tiles on the floor that shouldn't fit together and yet do. He traces spirals of carvings on the walls, watching them extend along angles that should not be. He feels a pulse pounding in his head. And as the others turn, surprisedly, Davron collapses in a faint.

"Davron? Davron!" Ramar calls to his friend, to no avail. He looks around, looks to Chi-Yosh, "Is there anything we can do?"

Kneeling beside the archer, the Dawn looks him over. "Give him a few moments. He looked a little dizzy and lost for a moment."

Kez, realizing what affected Davron, has shut his eyes. He now stands ready, seemingly unhampered by his lack of sight. Rabby seems as untroubled by it as Chi-Yosh or Ramar, proving again that she has been reforged of sterner stuff since her last encounter with the party.

With Chi-Yosh watching carefully over Davron, it isn't long before the Solar savant revives. Putting a hand to his head, he says, "..." He blinks, and attempts to speak again, but no sound emerges. His shoulders heave as if he is sighing, then they shrug, and he picks himself up again, swaying slightly.

"Easy, everyone... this may not even be the worst of it." Ramar speaks cautiously as he signals for Rabby to continue her advance. The group make their way down the twisting, labyrinthine passages, steadily growing aware of, if not accustomed to the way angles turn back on themselves. Here, the sense of normalcy is attacked, and those who bear witness to it find their minds adapting to the subtle shifts, even if they must struggle to do so. And through it all, Ramar can still hear that other heartbeat. Something else is lurking in the confines of these tunnels. Something is watching them.

In the midst of such strangeness, the sound of something being dragged suddenly can be heard. It is followed by a soft thump, and then steps. Some more dragging, and then another thump. The path to the noise seems clear enough: straight ahead.

Sensory Charms and precautionary defenses are activated. The group begins to move forward, slowly. Rabby and Ramar are at the front now, keen senses focused on the sounds in front of them, determined to find whatever it is that is lurking just ahead. They move faster, hurrying to the source of the noise.

The keenest of senses allows the leaders of the group to see two heavily armored bodies laying ahead. Chi-Yosh can sense through the very earth that a third is being dragged to join them. Sensations seem to disagree for a moment, but the discrepancy becomes clearer when a floating object comes into view, dragging a third form to join the second.

In the eyes of Ramar, the bodies at first appear like mighty warriors in heavy armor, but further inspection banishes this thought. No human warriors had such long necks, nor such long limbs. The presence of a tail makes it quite clear. These are not the bodies of human warriors, but of fallen dragon kings. Rabby wrinkles her nose, and as the air suddenly gusts cooling in the face of the explorers, they can catch the smell of rotting flesh. Whether it is some trick of this place or just the nature of the flesh of dragon kings is unsure, but the stink of it is almost unbearable.

Even above this, the form that is dragging the corpses stands out. It is a series of shapes swirling in space with no clearly defined body. A clustering of glowing stones float in the midst of the highest area of the creature, seeming rather like eyes as they turn (though the body does not move with them) to stare at the Solars.

Ramar draws in a breath, and then greets the creature that drags the rotting Dragon Kings. "Hello," speaks the Solar, as he takes a step forward, trying to focus on the glowing stones, "Who are you?"

The strange creature seems to just 'watch' the strange explorers for a time. It's 'eyes' suddenly spread out in all directions and the figure sways back and forth, emitting a mixture of noises. It croons, hums, and with the swift motions of its various parts also whistles in some sort of odd music. At the same time, lights of many colors glint from its form, bouncing off the walls, creating patterns of color that could pass as the workings of a genius. Or a madman.

While the strange creature attempts to communicate, Ramar attempts to understand. He listens for patterns in the music, watches for patterns of light. Something occurs to him after a time. He reaches for the pebble, the key to Rathess, and holds it up, "I'm sorry, I can't quite understand you..."

The melodic strains of the thing change in timbre, and Ramar can feel a glow radiating from the thing, entering his fingertips. It feels cold, like a mountain spring spring, and somehow healing. Faint whispers, just out of the range of his hearing, play teasingly across his perceptions. The thing speaks, but he cannot yet make out the words.

"I can't... I can't make out what you're saying." The Solar cants his head, trying to hear the things at the edge of hearing, to discern what it is he cannot. He gasps at the shock of cold, the eerie radiance. "How is it you communicate..."

Ramar walks close as he speaks to the creature. His palm is held out in front of him, and upon it rests the key to Rathess, though the Solar is watching it carefully.

The figure continues it's strange song, it's lights glowing brighter as Ramar approaches. It flits about the three corpses, and on the wall it's wild colors begin to take form, showing the forms of creatures similar to those lying dead gathering on an enormous pyramid, the details so fine that Ramar's enhanced sight can pick-up every scale.

Davron also steps forward. Even if his voice could be heard, he has nothing to say yet - not until he can hear more clearly. A thought occurs to him, and he taps Ramar on the shoulder, points to Kez, and then makes a beckoning gesture toward Rabby.

The figure's light show vanishes abruptly when Davron points to Kez and it emits a loud screech. With a suddenness that even Ramar's eyes can barely follow, the strange form flies into the gaping mouth of one of the corpses.

Suddenly Davron can make out the words, though they are not sounds - he recognizes the shape of the being's nature with his Rathess-warped aesthetic. It is a warning, and he screams soundlessly at Ramar.

There is no other warning. The corpse explodes with a screech, it's blackened ichor projecting out at the nearest exalts in a rushing mist of sticky, stinky gore. Even those farther away can feel the rush of air from the blast, but despite its violence, there is no harm other than the distasteful shrapnel that seems to come of it.

With a distasteful grimace, Davron tries to wipe the worst of the slime from himself, then shakes his head. Pulling a cloth from a small pouch and wiping his bowstring clean, he looks around warily to see if there is any other sign of the spectral creature, or anything detectable through the lens of the occult - relying on Ramar to determine if anything can be discovered with the more mundane senses.

"Davron, Ramar, close your mouths." The Dawn frowns, sliding around the edge of the room, gesturing for Rabby and Kez to follow. "The air is tainted with foulness and infection - we'll need some medication on our way out."

---

In part of the tunnels, the group has come across a more security-conscious corridor, and Rabby would have lost an eye if it weren't for Kez's uncanny sense for danger. Ramar is forewarned enough to invoke his Reflex Sidestep Technique, and the others are equally defended.

Past these dangers, the group comes upon a queer sight indeed. They emerge into a vast chamber, hexagonal in shape. Six stone walkways connect together in a star pattern, converging on a circular platform. The walkways and platform are supported by thick cables that hang from the ceiling; a hundred feet beneath them all, the Solars feel the oppressive heat of a natural geothermal pocket. The lava that sloshes and roils about makes the place an oven. Overhead, some kind of gigantic ventilation system draws the heat away, perhaps distributing it elsewhere.

The platform itself radiates a powerful magic, clear to the senses of all the Exalted present. Similarly, the walkways serve some sort of sorcerous purpose beyond their obvious use. But it is the platform that is charged to dangerous levels with Earth magic, and this hints to Ramar that his goal is nearby. Somewhere close, experiments with stone must have been performed. Perhaps behind one of the other five doors that the walkways lead to.

It is obvious to everyone that the central platform is an accumulator of Earth Essence, operating in some unclear fashion. It interacts with the fire-aspected geothermal tap below. However, the accumulator has grown dangerously overloaded in the years that Rathess has lain sleeping. A closer inspection shows one consequence of this effect - there is a rat, or rather the stone statue of a rat, on the edge of the platform.

The heat is oppressive. Davron and Chi-Yosh are already sweating. Ramar can feel his vision blurring slightly; sweat drips into his eyes, and he must make an effort of will to keep his knees from buckling. Kez looks visibly discomfited, and even Rabby's pretty form is molding itself into a leaner, sleeker Lunar to compensate for the temperature.

Overhead, the blaring of the ventilation is the voice of an angry god of tornadoes. This place was not fit for mankind. Perhaps the Dragon Kings were more adaptable?

"One of those doors has to have the answer to our dilemma." Ramar looks at the other five catwalks. "I'm going to go try one. After all, I have the key to Rathess." With that, the Solar reaches into his pocket, and pulls out the small stone. He throws it into the air, and sends it flying towards the platform. He joins it in the air, with a boost from the stone rat on the edge of the platform. The air shimmers around the two forms, both suspended in parallel motion. There's a flash as Ramar swings his sword around, sending the pebble clattering to the center of the platform. It bounces once, before the Solar's feet touch it, pressing it lightly to the stone-charged platform. Before the pebble can settle, Ramar is airborne once more, headed for the passage directly opposite the one they came in.

Already the rod is showing signs of a faint browning or blackening, but Ramar returns after a moment and signals that he requires it to get past another door beyond the one he found. The rod is dutifully transferred across the gap, and Ramar returns to his investigation. Davron, Rabby and Kez wait outside; Chi-Yosh is the sentry, hoping for good news from the Eclipse.

---

Ramar makes his way through a maze of rooms beyond. This is indeed some sort of laboratory or experimental workshop. It takes only a quarter of an hour for Ramar to identify the 'growing stone' the Book of Three Circles hinted at. The Dragon Kings' formula for it is written in their own sacred tongue, but the Solar has seen enough to believe that he can translate the essential parts. Some of the notes he brought with him are already singed by the heat outside, but he committed the principal details to memory. He has enough to recreate the stuff now, and use it for his goals. And, too, he and the others have learned more about the ways of Rathess. It will be possible to find and trap the stalkers, if he returns sufficiently prepared.

---

When Ramar gets back, Chi-Yosh looks concerned, trying to find something appropriate to say to Davron. The Twilight looks utterly dumbfounded and a little horrified, and rubbing his temples. Kez is stewing in a corner of the hall, expression both unreadable and too intense to put into words. Rabby is no where in sight, but upon detection, Ramar can pick her up away from the Circle.

"What happened?" Ramar furrows his brow with concern when he notices the expressions on his companions. "Is... uhm, I got what I needed, but is everything okay? What's going on?"

"You may want to step back," says Chi-Yosh, looking back at Ramar concerned. "I know very little about the properties of this, but I do not want it to spread." He rubs between his eyes in frustration, among other things. "However, I, Davron and Kez have contracted the Great Contagion."

"I... what?!?!" Ramar drops to his knees. A look of utter horror crosses his face at the realization that by bringing his friends here, he may have doomed them. "No... there... that can't be right. There has to be something we can do... that can't be right..."

Davron shrugs expressively. Even if he could speak, what could he say? Despite his cleverness with his hands, Davron has but little medical knowledge. He will have to rely on the skills of his friends to save him - or failing that, to live out the short remainder of his life here in the ruins of Rathess, lest the horror be visited on mankind again.

Chi-Yosh has trouble looking back at Ramar. He begins to pace, finding little to do in this situation. The Contagion is far beyond his abilities, and yet he does not want to merely sit and let what seems to be an inevitability claim him. "We do not have very long. If you or Rabby do not begin to show symptoms, you may carry the infection beyond, and have maybe a week, before you are claimed."

Chi-Yosh stops in the doorway of the catwalk, staring out over the chamber. He looks over the ruin, before his eyes fall upon the rat. "We can survive." Turning to Davron, "There must be a way to reverse petrification. The Dragonblooded may know, or even the Dragon of Earth but, it's possible to have it reversed. Someone will have to go out and find a cure. A cure for us, and for themselves. If Ramar or Rabby step out into the world, anyone they come into contact with will have the disease spread to them."

Davron stares at Chi-Yosh in wonderment - then smacks his forehead, looking chagrined, but offering Chi-Yosh a sheepish grin. Later, he would explain that his own studies of the platform's transmutation effect indicated that it was potentially reversible, but it simply hadn't occurred to him to make use of that fact.

In the present, though, Davron pauses, then scribbles down some additional explanations on the notes he'd already written. His original notes had been intended for him alone, but the annotations should make them comprehensible to another occultist - at least, one intelligent and skilled enough to actually perform the procedure. He hands the notes to Chi-Yosh, and gives him a questioning gaze, gesturing to the sheaf of parchment.

Nodding in satisfaction over the directions, Chi-Yosh collects them, rolling them up. Out of crevices and creases, pockets and out of the way places seeps the mist that swirls over the floor, and builds up into Silent Wind Through Dry Leaves. He passes the papers to her. "You are the only among us who is immune to this sickness. Help us be found in better health. Seek out Rumika, who watches over Gallius in Bridal Veil. Give her this, and tell her of what has befallen us." She smiles wryly, but understanding the direness of the situation, has no smarmy return, instead simply drifting into the immaterial.

Davron watches Silent Wind go. No more chances to correct the notes - he'd better hope that he didn't leave out anything important, or that whoever comes for them will catch what he missed. Again, nothing he could say could possibly convey the seriousness of the situation.... so he turns to Ramar and Rabby and gives them a grave nod, and a final salute. With that, he turns around, glances one last time over his shoulder, and braces himself, then strides along the sweltering walkway. With one last fearful glance at the charged platform, he takes one last breath and steps forward, not knowing if it will be days, weeks, or possibly millenia - or possibly never - before that breath will be exhaled.

Chi-Yosh claps Ramar upon the wrist with a handshake of comrads, for it may be his last time to see the man, and to the Lunar he shares a simple, sad smile. The only possible freedom from this fatal path is down the catwalk, upon the earthen platform. And so he accepts a demise that is possibly reversable, rather than assuredly final. His steps are behind Davron, unfaultered, steady and smooth. This ending is choice, rather than the inevitable, this is his. Let it come.

Ramar is silent as his friends step onto the platform. Already, he's very nearly lost the love of his life, and now his best friends are stepping into what might be an everlasting death. There's no hiding the turmoil that lies within, no hiding the tears that form at the edges of his eyes when Davron salutes. He clasps Chi-Yosh's wrist, then turns to watch as his friends seal themselves in stone. "I will bring you back," this he vows, "None can prevent me from doing so."