Rumika is of course eager to see her student, and as much as she has been trying to avoid the eyes and ears of people around here, desperate times and all that. She sneaks carefully onto the roof of the inn and there in the bustle of the city uses her magic to conceal herself, waiting for Davron to come. If not today, than another time. It is not so hard to get around as she thought, and few pay attention to what is happening on the ample roof of the inn.

Time passes... and eventually Rumika's patience bears fruit, as the door to downstairs opens again, briefly sending the muted noise of the bustle below into the night air. Davron climbs the last few steps and closes the door, then walks toward the back of the inn, resting his hands on the short ledge and gazing into the night sky, sighing deeply.

Rumika smiles to herself, but says nothing at first. She waits a few moments to watch Davron and then moves towards him, shedding the power of her magic as she goes. "So you enjoy looking at the stars," she says softly. "That is good, they have a beauty that will not fade."

Davron jumps slightly and spins round, wide-eyed. "R-rumika!" he exclaims, breathing a small sigh of relief and relaxing a little as he recognizes a familiar face. "You startled me. I didn't hear you come up the stairs..." He smiles, then, nodding. "Beauty and nobility," he responds.

"I doubt you could have, since I was up here before you arrived," answers Rumika. She adds quietly, "And they can never be touched or felt. A beauty like that can never satisfy my dreams." She moves closer and asks, "Do you mind if I join you?"

Davron blinks quietly, and nods. "By all means," he says, smiling at her, and returning his gaze to the night skies. "I did not see you here... I take it you had some way of hiding yourself?" he asks, glancing briefly at Rumika.

"A few ways," answers Rumika. "That was simply the easiest. I didn't wish to lose too much time." She studies her student carefully. "So you are going to help drive the Realm from Greyfalls. Quite ambitious, and you are still so young."

Davron nods, sighing again. "It seems that way..." he says, looking up at the sky once more, his countenance downcast. "I just hope we're doing the right thing, that's all. The Realm may be degenerate and corrupt, but they've maintained order in the city, after a fashion. How many will die - indeed, already _have_ died - before we can supplant them? Gallius seems so certain of herself... and yet..."

"The Unconquered Sun has chosen us for what we are, Davron," says Rumika. "I am not one for conquests. I would be completely content to have my own little area where I could live in peace. If you are not interested in this battle, maybe you should consider other options?" She settles down besides Davron, adding, "I am only here to teach you what you need to know. My guess is that involves mystic powers, but perhaps there are other things you might learn from me."

Davron shakes his head slightly. "It's not that I'm not interested..." he says, doubtfully. "I just..." He laughs softly. "...wish there was another way, I guess. So much fighting in this world..." He pauses then, and turns to Rumika. "Other things?" he asks softly, tilting his head.

Rumika laughs softly, "You wish for another way? Perhaps you should find it, then. There are many ways to win a war, not all of them involve killing." She meets Davron's gaze, then, looking into his eyes for a time before answering, "I'm sure there are many other things I might teach you. And maybe you can teach me, as well."

Davron blinks as he looks back at Rumika. "I..." he begins uncertainly, before nodding. "I have so much to learn, myself... I'm not sure what I could possibly teach you." He smiles. "But whatever I can do..."

"We will see," answers Rumika. "You are a sorceror already, are you not? Do you know of the celestial circle, that which is the right only of the Chosen of Luna, the Maidens, and the Unconquered Sun? If not, perhaps I should begin instructing you. There is much to learn."

Davron's eyes go wide. "The Second Circle..." he breathes, then nods eagerly. "I am not sure if I can handle such knowledge... but if I can..." He chuckles bashfully. "I can't imagine how I could possibly repay you, though..."

Rumika smiles and tilts her head, "Repay me? Well, surely you know the kind of things a woman enjoys, do you not?" She can't help but flirt a little bit, "Just because my life has been strange and cold does not mean I am not a woman. What do you see when you look at me, Davron?"

Davron's fingers tighten on the parapet, and blushes to the roots of his hair as his eyes go wide. "I..." he gasps, then swallows, shaking his head. "I don't know, Rumika," he begins, taking a deep breath. "I see..." His voice steadies again. "I see a beautiful woman... who has left her family to pursue a path of her own... but beyond that..." he shakes his head. "I know not, yet, what else I might see."

"Beautiful?" Rumika smiles. "I think you are very kind, Davron." She is quiet pleased. "I just hope you can focus when I am teaching you, else it will make things more complicated." She turns her eyes to look up at the stars, "It's a nice night. The air is pleasant up here, and it's quiet. Well, except for the beating of your heart, anyway."

Davron looks up at the sky again, his face still red. Whether Rumika can actually hear it, or whether she's just making an astute guess, his heart is indeed racing. "I come up here to relax..." he says, then turns to Rumika again, his face breaking into a bashful grin. "Although I have to say, right at the moment, I'm not especially relaxed..."

"But are you enjoying yourself?" asks Rumika. "Sometimes relaxing isn't what we want. The heart was made to pound, was it not? And when it does, you feel very warm, and that to me is a very pleasant thing." She sighs softly, "But I rarely get to enjoy such things. I am, as you would say, relaxed far too often."

Davron looks somewhat puzzled. "Many things might make one feel warm, you know..." he begins, scratching his head. "Although _this_ one, I must say, I haven't much experience with myself." He tilts his head, and asks softly, "Why is it the warmth, in particular, that appeals to you?"

Rumika hmmss, "Because I've been starved of it for years, I suppose. I haven't spent much time among the living since I became a Solar, Davron." She lets out a sigh, laying back on the rooftop with her arms resting above her head. "I've wanted warmth for a long time, and haven't been able to find it. And here is the opportunity, with so many around who might eagerly offer to me what I wish, and yet.. they are all so loud and irritating."

Davron sits down on the rooftop beside Rumika, and nods slowly, realizing now a little more clearly what it must have meant to be the daughter of End of Fate's Twisting. "I see..." he whispers. "But there is some middle ground between the silence of eternal sleep, and the noise of unfettered life..."

"I don't know," answers Rumika. "But I know a little better what I really want, and I've started chasing it. It's rather comforting, finally having a goal that I think I can achieve. Not on my own, of course, but with the help of those whom I can repay. Have you found what you want most of all, Davron?" She can't help but ask, and oddly enough, this time she doesn't mean to imply anything.

Davron shakes his head. "What I want most of all, Rumika, is peace among men... and I know full well that that goal will be long in the seeking." He looks down at her, and smiles warmly. "But I do have hope... and I think I can see the path. With the help of the gift that Helios has given to me... and my Circle..." His voice lowers, and he blushes again. "And others... like you."

"I will teach you whatever I know that will aid you, Davron. In return, I ask you aid me in reaching my goal," says Rumika. "I want to control my own corner of this world and make a beauty there that the world has never seen the like of before. To do this, I must search for the greatest power our kind has ever obtained: the final circle of magic. That which only Solars may use."

Davron nods, and smiles. "That step to your goal is mine as well. That which I hope to accomplish with that power may differ from you in some ways, but like you, my dreams cannot come to pass without it." He gently takes Rumika's hand. "I will help you in your search, however I may. Many hands make light burden, they say."

Rumika squeezes the offered hand, looking down at it for a time. "Warm is nice, isn't it?" She laughs softly, nodding, "I imagine the path will be difficult, but it is one that we would all do well to follow. As for me.. I want to create a safe place and have children that I can call my own, so that I can love them and they can love me. I would be content, then, and leave the changing of the world to those who are capable of such things. I hope that my refuge will not be forgotten, so that from time to time, when they great ones are weary, they might come there to rest."

Davron nods. "The wider world is not for everyone, I suppose," he says. "I wish you the best of luck..." He smiles once more. "It sounds very peaceful..."

"I hope it will be," says Rumika. "Though there will be music there, and dancing. And all the other things that remind us that we are alive." She rolls onto her side, studying her student once more. "Will you come to see me there, Davron, when it is all over?"

Davron squeezes Rumika's hand. "Without a doubt, Rumika."

Rumika considers her next words carefully. "I have heard it said that the Unconquered Sun gathers the souls of his chosen to his side, as do all the great ones. If this is true, there are those there who know the path we would walk." She lets out a sigh, "I have tried to learn from them what I could, but they are bound not to shape the world by giving me the answers I sought. However, they offered me aid in another way. They will tell me when and where I should be to find.. something. Perhaps by doing as they instruct we might find that which we seek?" She smiles and admits, "Or perhaps not. I cannot pursue this alone, however. At least I do not think it wise."