Davron follows in the wake of the Vanisher and his newly-acquired Lion warden. It's clear to him now that whatever Havesh may have done, murdering Kejak is not on the list. But in his capacity as a potential murder-suspect himself, he's just as aware that the Lions aren't especially inclined to trust his intuition. So for now, he can only hope that the Lions' interrogation does not ruin the case - because right now Havesh is the only lead he has on the Essence Concealment Protocol.

Chi-Yosh follows the procession of the Vanisher. As the man had exposed himself to assist the Circle, despite having entered Heaven on his own, the Dawn feels obligation to observe the preceedings and what follows, to help the Night as he may. The interrogation may be rightfully harsh, and the secrets of the Night may be exposed, but Kavesh shall not feel abandoned by his employers.

Egress is beginning to doubt the effectiveness of the lions and thinks she knows one thing she must know the answer to. She directs the thought at her burdensome companion/jailor. 'Who is in charge of this investigation? Who is in charge of the Celestial Lions?' She is rather bored of this constant interference, no matter how valid it might be in more normal times.

_The Lions operate with the Celestial Mandate - the blessings of the Celestines and their chosen Incarna. There are two parallel investigations - those carried out by the Lions, and those carried out by the Exalted, acting in full cooperation with each other._

Egress snorts. 'Cooperation, indeed. And whose investigation gains priority when a conflict-such as this right now-comes to light? There can be only one ultimate jurisdiction in this. Who may I appeal to to gain the power to actually do the task which is appointed to me?'

_Me._

Ramar can't help but be curious about the proceedings. _Hm. This man entered Heaven without anyone knowing... he probably knew he'd be noticed upon revealing himself, perhaps in this way he'll prove himself trustworthy._ The Solar follows after his fellows, asking softly, "Do you think we can do anything to help?"

Egress arches an eyebrow, 'Then I ask you release me and my friends and allow us to use our abilities to do what is required. You are limiting us. In many ways, you are paralyzing us. Do you really believe that we killed the Steersman? Is that what your heart tells you? It doesn't even make sense.'

_This man entered Heaven without our knowledge. He is a Solar, like yourselves. His capabilities - a single man's - outstripped our own. Convince me we should not be wary of you._

'We have the mandate of Helios. We are his Chosen. He revealed himself when he could have easily evaded capture forever.' Egress goes on logically, 'If he was able to kill the Steersman, he could have killed the Celestial Lions one by one, if he wished. Would the killer really just reveal himself to those pursuing him and then allow himself to be captured?'

_Such a ruse has been employed before. Suicide bombers using First Age Weapons and other destructive magics, drawing their intended targets closer by exposure. Nevertheless, you may request specific exceptions as you require. Your Charms are voluntary - nothing you possess will be needed here unless you come to a realization of it._

Egress shakes her head. 'If that is happening now, then you are serving its purpose to the letter. But enough of this. Let's see what questions you ask. We will talk more later about how I can get you away from my throat. I tire of your prying. We should find one of my kind anyway. There are those among us who know the truth when they hear it.'

---

It is a spirit servant of Jupiter, Maiden of Secrets, who interrogates Havesh. This comes as something of a shock to the dozen or so observers - including the Solar Circle of the Nation - and it seems to be a surprise to the Lions as well. Nevertheless they defer calmly, and as Havesh is strapped down to a table of blue jade and surrounded by an iridescent bubble of Essence-light - more of the eldritch precautions Heaven is so liberally invested with.

More than once a small cordon of Sidereals - never the same group - approaches the interrogation chamber, deep in the heart of the Division of Secrets. Each time they are rebuffed by the Celestial Lions in their impressive and magisterial lion-forms, and go away nonplussed, confused, or on one occasion visibly angry.

Inside the chamber itself, meanwhile, a few minutes of conversation passed. None of it was audible outside, but this changes rapidly. Havesh's voice becomes immediately clear. "... spiracy," he is saying. "Yeah, I don' mind if they hear us now."

**What sort of conspiracy?** This voice belongs to the inquisitor, a black-robed figure bearing a staff adorned with four bells. These bells jingle slightly as it speaks, adding an eerieness to its already enigmatic presence.

"'Member what I just told ya? Well, there's more t'it than that, but I ain't talkin' jus' yet." Havesh sounds defiant. His host sounds rather more confident. **Perhaps you require the proper audience.** It turns, extending a pale, clawed finger, and beckons at the crowd.

Davron steps inside with Havesh and the interrogator. "Any plot that includes killing the Steersman, I'm sure, has a lot to it indeed."

Egress follows and casts a rather dark glance at the questioner. "This is pointless without the proper people here," she says with a sigh. "Vanisher, are you being harmed?" she asks. Her priorities, as always, are on her people first and foremost.

"Can't say so," the Solar replies, casting a glance up at the inquisitor. "You don't worry yourself about Wu here, though - he and I go way back."

Davron nods to the human and the spirit. "I'd say the proper people are here already, so long as people are willing to talk about what's important. Do either of you two want to start, or do you want us to say what _we_ suspect?"

Chi-Yosh takes a solid appraising of Wu, steping in behind Davron and Egress. Suspecting the plot that had been hidden from their ears had been done so for a reason, he holds his tongue yet, allowing Davron and the Lioness take the situation by the throat.

Ramar steps in after Chi-Yosh, curious as to what had been said before. _Everything that is said is likely said for a reason, be mindful of what that reason is,_ he reminds himself.

**Allow me...** answers the creature called Wu.

---

Before the First Age of Man, there was something else. Creation was an alien place, still an echo of the Primordials whose combined essences had formed it. In this time, unmentionable things lurked in black fissures beneath the earth, in the places currently mined by the dead for the jade which is now so curiously abundant there.

In that age, the first gods were forged - often literally hammered out on the mountains which were the anvils for the beings who were greater than the gods. The Primordials and their creations shaped their chosen gods from the elements of Creation itself. And they were excessively creative in their forging.

Wu is such a being. He was crafted from the river of shadow that flowed in the Stygian depths of the Earth, in a place that would later become the haunted Underworld. In this place, the tears and blood of the fearful fell, and congealed, and became a swift current. From this stuff the servant of Secrets was incarnated, and it is in shadow and forgetfulness that he still lurks.

It is the essence of his being which primarily powers the Essence Concealment Protocol. It was the power of Autochthon, who pours all into his implacable molds and casts it into the shape of Order, which compelled the black sorcery of forgottenness and concealment into a more.. malleable shape. It is Wu's power which lies behind Havesh's concealing Charms. And it is also Wu's power which masked the sorcery which attacked Chejop Kejak.

---

"The Bronze Faction's been hunting me for awhile now," says Havesh, picking up the tale. "I only had a chance when I came on the cache ol' Jerak left for.. him. Me. Never did get that figured out. Anyhow, once I mastered what it had to teach me, those in Heaven didn't have much of a chance of findin' me. You saw how I was able to get in here."

"With that, they became doubly afraid of me. Figured on me becoming an assassin or somethin'. Slip into Yu-Shan and off a few of them." The Solar snorts a bit. "Not that I haven't thought about it, but... that isn't me."

"But it _is_ someone," answers Egress. "And we must find out who else has done this." She turns her gaze on Wu. "Have the lions known about you this whole time, then?" She shakes her head, "No matter. Who else has used your power, Wu? Isn't that the _real_ question now?"

"Someone must've known, or at least suspected," observes Davron, raising an eyebrow. "Else why would Wu be sent to be the interrogator? When the Maidens are involved, I don't believe in coincidence."

**The Lions know about all the senior members of the Bureau of Destiny, Solar,** Wu whispers. **As to my power? Hur... hur hur..** The thing seems to almost laugh. **Every child who cries in the dark is my power. Every forgotten death is my power. Every abandoned hope that gutters like a dying candle in the night is my power. The concealment of sorcery is a minor thing.**

"Yes, that may be a minor sort of thing," comments Ramar, "However, it is important in this instance. To us, at least. Can you tell us who used your power to conceal the sorcery used to attack Chejop Kejak?"

The interrogator turns and regards Ramar. **No. The power of the machine conceals that. However, without me, it would not work.**

Chi-Yosh speaks up. "If you cannot tell who used the machine, could you at least know of _when_ the machine was used?"

**If you understand the machine, then when it was used should be obvious by now.** Wu shrugs a little, and the bells of his staff jingle their dissonant song. "It'd be used continuously in different ways, up until the attack was made," Havesh clarifies, frowning.

"And afterward?" asks Davron. "If the assassin was in the room for the attack, he must have used it to evade the Lions when they invaded the meeting hall. And he may still be hidden - or at least we fear so - waiting for a chance to create further havoc. Wu, you say the machine would not work without you - do you have the ability to withdraw your power from it?"

**I am what I am and cannot change. Not without destruction of part of myself.**

**You no longer need to be troubled by these, I think...** Wu gestures with a pallid claw, and the Lions in their shackle forms fall away from the Solar Circle - and from Havesh - resuming their material forms.

Egress glowers at the lion that rises before her. She rubs at her throat and the glower turns into something a little less unpleasant, though her tone remains even. "Now maybe we can actually proceed with some hope of success. I have a feeling Yu-Shan has provided nearly all the answers it can. Except perhaps one."

Davron only barely notices the fact that he has been freed, so occupied is he by the puzzle before him. "So we must find a device whose very nature and purpose is to avoid being found." He looks at Wu and Havesh, then glances at Ramar. "Would the Mask of Secrets be able to penetrate its power? And if so, what would you see?"

**The Mask of my mistress reveals much. It does not reveal all, but.. what it hides is also a secret. Nevertheless, the machine itself is not particularly good at concealing itself.**

Davron's brow furrows at the beginning of a thought. "If we could set a trap for him, then..." He glances at Havesh. "Could you conceal yourself from the user of this machine?"

"Reckon so. Can hide from anyone else," Havesh boasts.

"Which leaves us with another thorny problem, though," says Davron. "Without knowing the assassin's motives, how can we guess what bait to use for the trap?"

"We've asked several questions about this machine so far," says Davron, after another moment's thought, "but it occurs to me that they've all boiled down to this." Turning to Havesh and Wu once more, he says, "Do either of you know _any_ way whatsoever to track down the machine or its user, without already knowing where they might be?"

**Madame Marthesine of the Lost,** Wu offers. **Remember that the resources of Yu-Shan are here. We are not merely people working in sparkly offices, mortal. We are the ideals and underpinnings of all that you know.**

Egress listens to Wu, but is already thinking of the next move. "We should seek her out, then," she says simply. "On the way, perhaps I can get in touch with a few other Solars who can be of aid. We need a Twilight with the ear of the ancient judges," she murmurs. She looks to the lion who was up to now a most trying bauble on her throat. "It's absurd for two sides to investigate separately. You should come with us."

"We would anyway," rumbles the Lion.

Davron nods, frowning. "I find it hard to imagine what we can afford to lose that would be worth her while to find the Essence Concealment Protocol for us, though." He sighs. "I suppose there's only one way to find out."

"I got one idea," suggests Havesh.

When everyone turns and looks, the Solar smiles. "All the knowledge and the plans to build the damn thing. You're tradin' one machine for all of 'em. But you only care about the one, right?"

"True enough," remarks Ramar. "And hey, that might kill a couple of birds with one stone. As it were. Keeps us from having to worry about the things... er, for a while anyway."

Chi-Yosh glances around the Circle. "Unless the Deliberative decides to destroy the machine for good."

"It will be destroyed," says Egress flatly.

Davron raises an eyebrow at Egress, as if to say _That is not your decision alone, my Lady._ But... tempting as it is, he has to admit that the knowledge of how to conceal oneself so thoroughly is one thing he'll feel safer about if it is lost - even if it is lost to him as well.

---

After some discussion and thought on the matter, Egress is elected by the circle as the most persuasive choice for delivering the deal. Ramar suggests a few terms to use, being the one with the most bureaucratic know-how. Other than that, the delivery is pure Egress. Once greetings are made in whatever way the Madame prefers, the pitch comes rather straight and simple. "It has been brought to our attention that you might be one who is interested in something we have. It is something that lay lost for centuries but has been found. We wish to trade it for a related lost item of substantially less value, and perhaps for any other information that might be profitable. If you trade fairly with us, we may bring you many fine things in the future."

It is the Madame's abode, and she sits atop her throne of stacked human refuse and junk, withered hands steepled, bulging eyes staring out. Her gap-toothed smile leers down at Egress and the others and she beckons with one wrinkled paw. "Continue, my child," the ancient crone croaks.

Egress smiles and does just that. "There is a device we seek called the Arcanicine that is currently lost to us," she begins. "It is of value to us for the moment, but what we offer is value that lies beyond time. We will trade the plans and knowledge that led to its consturction to you in return. When we are finished, the machine will almost certainly be destroyed. With its plans lost, and this one working copy unmade, it can be lost for all time."

The old woman cackles, bouncing up and down on her throne like an excited child and clapping her hands. This action sets up a distressing number of shivers and vibrations in the entire throne, and the Circle expects any moment to see it all collapse with her in the center. She hops from her perch with an unnatural spryness, drawing close and unleashing her fetid breath on Gallius. "Come, come then!"

She leads the way into her domain proper - a junkyard, vast as anything, and bottomless by the look of it. The Solars step out onto the deck of a wrecked, waterlogged sailing vessel. This isn't a ship anymore, but part of an infinite array of an infinitely varied sea of crap.

Ships, whole buildings, ancient vehicles or structures, and the polished white bones of long-forgotten creatures make up the skeleton of this place. Netled into the gaps of those are smaller treasures - broken dolls, half-burned books, and a million other examples of humanity's penchant for misplacing or destroying its creations.

They all form a considerably diverse landscape, and one that seems to have no true floor - for the Solars look over the edge of the deck and see nothing but more towers of junk supporting them, all the way down into a half-lit underworld.

"Well now. I believe what you want is this way." Marthesine leaps, again showing her uncanny dexterity and strength, moving through the air like a gliding swan. The others look at each other, then follow.

They come in time to a pair of bridges that span two wobbling, nerve-wrackingly unsteady triple towers of Chiaroscuro glass. Marthesine fearlessly crosses one of the bridges, then hunkers down in one corner at the top of one of the towers, beckoning. The Solars approach.

The Arcanicine, the machine that they seek, bears all the elegant symmetry of workmanship that Davron recognizes as distinctly Autochthonian. Hints of complexity bulge from its surface at every angle, leading one to compulsions to crack open the frame and delve into the miles of mystery that must await in the device. Nevertheless none act on this impulse, perhaps fortunately... "It was destroyed, you see, but not completely. Otherwise, I would not have it," the god explains cheerfully.

"How very fortunate, indeed," says Egress. To her, it's nothing but a particularly detailed and weird contraption, of course. The masterful work is to her just a means to an end. She is more than happy to know nothing else about it. "Well, we have it now," says Egress. "I imagine this means I must decide," she murmurs to herself. She doesn't seem very happy about it.

The exchange is arranged for. The Solars find themselves, as the last part of this process, coughing quite violently - and each hacks up a small gem, ruby-red in color and flawlessly detailed. And at that moment, they find that their knowledge of the machine itself - beyond the merest truths of its use in the murder mystery - is gone.

After the circle passes the gems to the Madame of Lost Things, Chi-Yosh and Davron carefully haul the Arcanicine up and carry it out. A room in a nearby building is aquisitioned from the Lions for safe storage of the device, under watchful eye, until the Circle decides exactly how to proceed with it. After locking the door with its Lion guard vigilant within, Havesh claims the key and gives a simple smile before he walks down the hall, fading into nothingness.