The garden of the Cloister of Wisdom is near the center of the valley. Aqueducts of stone enter at the northern edge, carrying river-water to the soil when necessary. The garden itself is several acres in size. Each type of herb or plant has its own separate area; the walls are made of mortared brick, and the calligraphy of the students here adorns the plain wooden signs hanging at the entrance to each walled-off compartment. They explain what herbs grow in each space; some include warnings about entering or touching the plants, as a few of the herbs grown at the school are deadly poison.

Chandra has regained her composure completely in the act of showing the Lady Arafein the garden. She has an encyclopedic knowledge of the things that grow here, and once she has stopped crying, her calm and melodious voice is the equal of any teacher's presentation.

Lady Arafein follows Chandra quietly, taking the calm of the garden in with every easy breath. "It is a very orderly and lovely place, isn't it?" she murmurs softly. "And yet like in all corners of creation, there is a strain against the calm, against the order."

"The seeds seek to blow over the walls," the girl replies. "The plants compete with each other for soil, for sunlight." She gestures in the direction of the poison compound. "Some compete against mankind itself for life. But.. I am glad they try hard to grow."

"It is part of living," says Arafein. "We strive, we push, we fail and flourish. It seems the only great difference is that we take active notice of our own actions. I doubt the plants are quite so philosophical." She laughs softly and surveys the garden slowly, "At times I imagine it would be easier that way for us, as well. Easy, and dangerous, but that is not really of concern right now."

"What is of concern right now?" asks Chandra, quietly, in that placid voice.

"The moment," answers Arafein casually. "You spoke of only a few who could learn why you would cry. I cannot heal tears if I do not know their source, and so I must become your friend. I hope you do not mind my trying."

The girl closes her eyes a moment. A familiar tension seems to take hold of her. "Who sent you?" is all she asks, opening both eyes to look straight at the other woman.

Arafein smiles and laughs softly, "You are a most hunted young woman, aren't you? I am from Harborhead, dear, and am now little but a beggar. All that I was there is gone. You think anyone of importance would send me anywhere? It would be nice, I imagine, but the families here are less likely to notice me than they would a fly on the wall, and if they did, I imagine the greeting would not be very warm." She lets out another calm laugh. Indeed, it would be a very cold greeting.

Chandra narrows her eyes, but finally shakes her head. "I think someone of importance sent you here," she replies, with a faint smile. "But, some treasures are only for few eyes indeed..." The girl sighs, and the tension fades again; she is once again the calm, quiet girl Gallius witnessed during the tour of the garden. In the distance, the chime of bells can be heard, announcing the hour. Chandra glances up. "Classes are to resume," she murmurs. "If you wish, come here at sunset. I'd like to show you more of the Cloister."

"I may well take you up on that offer," answers Arafein. "Assuming they do not have more laundry to do, anyway. It is amusing, of all my futures, I never imagined I would become a maid." Her grin is rueful and she sighs. "I hate mundane work. I never took any interest in it before, and yet here I am."

---

"Today, we will speak of humility, and humiliation, and their use as weapons of war. They can be used as attacks, and as defenses. They can be a vulnerability, or an asset. And you must understand them thoroughly. To understand them, you must experience them." The voice is that of the Directrix herself, the head of the Cloister, and she is standing in the current of the river, wearing rolled up peasants' pants. On the shore are several of the undisciplined students, as well as the Lady herself and a trio of other women - also wards of the school as she has learned.

The woman gestures to the shore. "Humiliation as an attack is known to any bully, at least somewhat. Its subtler, more sophisticated aspects are studied by the patricians and Dynasts of the Great Houses. But they do not neglect its other half - humility. Nor do they shrink from adorning themselves in the trappings of either. Now, can anyone tell me how humiliation can act as a defense - that is, how being brought low can protect you?"

A few of the disciplined students shuffle about nervously. "Let me give two examples, then," the woman says, continuing with a soft smile. "First, the matter of Lord Nellens Escot, who does not exist, so don't bother to use this for gossip." She pauses, allowing a soft wave of tittering to run through the students. "Lord Escot was found by his chambermaid in bed with two of the stableboys. As his new wife was rather attractive, this was obviously rather an insult to her family. Before word got around, Escot arranged for it to be learned that he was gravely in need of money and had been borrowing heavily from the coffers of his wife's family. A scandal to be sure, but one he could ignore with sufficient funds - which he had." She pauses to let the students assimilate this, before speaking again.

"Lord Escot knew that a lesser embarrassment hides a greater one, at least if your enemies are of high station and do not wish to degrade themselves by heaping additional accusations - however true - upon you." The Directrix smiles again. "Let us now turn to the matter of House Iselsi. If you know your history.." Her eyes glance to Arafein for a moment, then continue. "House Iselsi attempted a coup, centuries ago. They failed, and were systematically dismembered - as a House, and in some cases as individuals - by the Empress. But the House survives. The scions of Iselsi survive. Can anyone tell me what has become of them? What they are up to? What resources they possess? What their goals are? Anyone?" And here she smiles, and the students look apprehensive. Some of the smarter ones realize that this is a valid question, and fear the implications the Directrix hints. Others don't really understand the situation, and fear revealing their ignorance.

"Nobody knows, because the Iselsi - those that are alive today - use humiliation as a shield. Yes, it really is likeliest that they are simply living in exile," she adds, offering a soothing balm of reassurance to the nervous-looking Exalts gathered on the bank. "But imagine what they could have done, if they had possessed time to plan for their demise."

Lady Arafein listens passively, nodding her head. Some of this she has already used herself. Much of it she has acted against. A feeble foe only grows strong if one handles their matters carelessly. Eventually all ends must be tied-up, or everything unravels.

"Now we come to humility," the Directrix continues with a smile. "Look no further than the Immaculate order, students. They are the masters of this form of warfare. None would dare call their humility into question - and so, they may do as they wish. Because they are the chosen of Heaven, their humility is earned. Nevertheless, there are heretics who use the mantle of the Order for their own ends."

---

Arafein uses her time at the school well. Or at least wisely. She works with those unlucky souls who fail to maintain the proper levels of decorum. Or simply slack off too much. Naturally, since they enjoy avoiding work, her willingness to do more than her fair share swiftly endears her to a few particularly troubled girls. She can't help but imagine they will grow up far too much like her for their own health. Headstrong, never thinking of the future, and unwilling to imagine that there is anything they cannot handle.

Arafein expresses a curiousity in a young man she has heard about. The name Nellens Chenault Linus is whom she seeks. She shows the same casual interest she has shown in many things at the Cloister. As a woman who is curious, but not precisely with any purpose. She has asked about no less than 10 different young men in her time there, and just as many women, all the names carefully sifted from conversations she has overheard during her work.

Not three days pass before the ambitious young ruffian Arafein spoke with - a fiery redheaded boy named Landa - leaves a message for the Lady. He boasted of connections to the Great Houses, and whether true or false, he at least produced results. Chenault Linus is presently living with his father in the mountain city of Wine River, almost six hundred miles west of the Cloister of Wisdom.

---

Chandra is in the library when Lady Arafein goes in search of her. She can be found reading "The History of Elemental Artforms, R.Y. 201 - R.Y. 267". She smiles, and politely bows, setting her book aside, when she sees her guest approach.

The Lady Arafein bobs a deep curtsey and looks to an open chair. "Would you mind if I joined you?" Her eyes drift to the book and then back to Chandra, "Do you wish to be an artist?" she asks quietly.

"I wish to be well-read," the girl replies with an amused smile. "It is our duty to better ourselves here." The library's collection is extensive; books, scrolls, and even inscribed plates of metal are among its pieces.

Arafein does not sit, but remains standing. "Better ourselves," murmurs the Lady. "Yes, I imagine that might be possible, though the outside is quite swift in that area. You get better or you might not see a sunrise, I have learned. I could not get good enough. I wonder if anyone can." She sighs and shakes her head. "The wind that drifts through the willows, does not hear my sorrows, though its sigh comes when I am with tears," quotes Arafein. "I am more a student of poetry than other arts, but it seems to suffice when I am in need."

Chandra sits back, smiling appreciatively. "Poetry is not enough for me, I'm afraid," the girl murmurs. "Sometimes I need to look at something, and feel, or smell something.. " A gentle hand gestures to the cushions beside her. "Will you join me? Sometimes conversation will serve where neither paintings nor poetry do."

Arafein settles herself by the young woman and studies her for a time, considering her carefully. "Sometimes you must be, rather than read, or see, or smell. Being is the greatest sense of all," answers the Lady. "You know, you see very well," adds Arafein.

A hint of blush fades across Chandra's cheeks. "What do you mean?" she asks, more quietly.

"It seems you are suspicious of my motives with you," says Arafein. "You are a fascinating young woman, and I admire you. I imagine one day those who try to trick you squirm under those bright eyes." The Lady laughs softly and smiles at Chandra, "I like you, Chandra, and I will tell you what I can of why I am here, if you wish to know."

Chandra rises, setting aside her book, and nodding toward the door. "Then we are better off speaking somewhere other than the library," she murmurs with a smile. "Unless you don't care whose ears receive your words."

"I don't," answers Arafein, grinning somewhat. "But I fear that others might, and gossip here is.. troublesome, at best." She rises along with the young woman. "And you know how we maids gossip," she adds, winking at the young girl with a laugh.

Chandra smiles softly, leading the way out of the library. She and Arafein make their way away from the Cloister, walking across the narrow stone bridge that surmounts the river's narrowest point and approaching the pathway up the hills. Chandra speaks three soft words in succession, and Gallius recognizes an invocation against listening spirits and scrying magic. Its effects against actual sorcery are probably nil; whether Chandra realizes this or not isn't clear.

Arafein doesn't seem troubled by any thoughts of sorcery. Those who might spy are those who aren't going to be interfering in this task. "You were right when you guessed that someone sent me, and that they have an interest in you," begins Arafein. "However, that interest is of no relevance if it something that you are not interested in. In face, I am here to try and find out what kind of person you are. What kind of heart you have. So far I must say I am very pleased. You are a woman that I'd marry any brother or son to and be proud as can be to have you in my family." The Lady considers Chandra carefully, to gauge her reaction for a moment before continuing.

Chandra comes immediately to the wrong conclusion, and Gallius can see it on her face. She looks half disappointed. "I see," she says. "So.. I am just your entry into the Great Houses of the Realm. Well.... I suppose I shouldn't be surprised." Her face grows resolute and set again, as she looks up. "If my family approves, then I will marry whoever it declares is right for me, no matter where they come from."

Arafein shakes her head and laughs softly. "My dear, at the very greatest of heights my house was a hovel to yours, I fear. I am here to make a match, perhaps, but only if the match should be made. And I assure you your family would likely think me mad if I suggested you marry any relative of mine. They might have me put away as a mad woman" The Lady can't help but grin, amused at the very thought.

Chandra blinks slowly. This idea is a new one to her, and Arafein can see her mentally wrestling with it. "You mean, you.. are trying to find me a husband? But why?"

"Hmm, why indeed," murmurs Arafein. "I was given this task by the kind of people who tell you why when they feel they have no choice," she explains. "Why isn't really what I have to offer, I fear. However, before I say much more, I need to know if your heart is already in someone's hand. If so, I will help as I may, and see to the remnants of my task later. As I said, I like you, and you are worth a little risk on my part."

Chandra shakes her head quickly. "No boy would be seen with me," she declares with conviction, then sighs a bit. "I'm not surprised, either. I have a reputation for being cold.."

Lady Arafein sighs softly and offers a hand to Chandra. "If you want my help, you have it. There are some lessons this school apparently fails to teach well." She imagines compassion and love aren't very well taught in the Empire. "I have not met the man who is supposed to be a suitable match for you, but I do know his name. Nellens Chenault Linus is how he is called. Perhaps you have heard of him? I must meet him and make sure he is worthy of you, of course." She looks doubtful for a moment, explaining, "I think very highly of you, dear, and I won't accept anything shy of an equal for you."

Chandra lets out another sigh. "Well.. I suppose I can't say no to simply meeting someone," she says, looking out across the green valley of the Cloister. "I haven't heard of him, but... Well, I suppose it's no matter." She turns back with a smile. "I promise you I won't dishonor myself or my family before him."

Lady Arafein arches an eyebrow, "But what, dear. Honor? Hmph!" She frowns deeply, "This isn't a duel. This is a matter of finding someone you can love and trust. I'm not worried about you dishonoring anyone, I only want you to promise me you won't lie about how you really feel. I don't want my reputation as a match maker to be lost, and only your joy and his can measure how well I do."

"Everybody lies," murmurs Chandra softly. "Everybody hides things. Life IS a duel, and I'm a fool to forget it.." She shakes her head quickly. "Even you won't tell me everything about you, about who sent you and why - really why. Even you are hiding things from me. It's because you want to protect yourself, and them, and me, isn't it?" Her voice grows a little louder. "Isn't it? You're hiding something from me, to keep me safe from it."

"I am hiding much from you to keep you safe," says Lady Arafein. "Sometimes we cannot tell everything to those we care for," she admits quietly. "What I can tell you is that I mean you no harm, and as far as I can tell those who sent me do not wish you any harm, either, or I would never have come. I can also tell you that somehow a marriage between your house and his is very important. I don't know to what end, but believe me, for anyone to send someone like me requires nothing shy of an act of desperation."

Chandra draws away, taking a step backward. Her shoulders slump a little; she reveals defeat. "I.. accept that, I guess," the girl says. "Trust.. trust is about not pushing when you want to, because the other person has good reasons to keep secrets. Trust means not feeling your secret heart is threatened..and.. and... I trust you."

"I will tell all I can tell safely," says Lady Arafein. "And when I leave, I will find a way to tell you everything. At least I hope I can find a way do that." She nods to Chandra, "I trust you, and I will do my best to find joy for you."