It is the 17th day of the Ascending Fire, and the lush forest atop stony cliffs radiates heat. Nevertheless, the clever measures Ramar has taken have kept the Solars comfortable. Now that the Sun has disappeared behind the horizon to the west, dipping his heat into the dark blue waters of the ocean that stretches beyond sunset, the forest is cool once again. Gallius, walking alone to collect her thoughts, is distracted by a series of crashing sounds from overhead, in the tree canopy. A large dark figure looms, swinging from branch to branch, to crash down onto the forest floor perhaps ten yards ahead of her. It is Valon, again in his ape form, and he executes a clumsy bow in the half-light.

Gallius pauses as the form is made clear. Oddly enough, this time she makes no move to her weapon, but stands there. She returns to bow with one of her own, practiced and formal. "I owe you an apology, Chosen of Luna. I hope you were not overly offended. I allowed foolishness to distract me from just behavior." The Lady's voice is even, somehow calm even as she describes her failure.

"Everyone is out here because of foolishness, on someone's part," the ape-man returns amiably. "Someone, somewhere, made every conceivable blunder, and thus, we are the outcome." He smiles, showing his large teeth again, though whether the gesture is meant to reassure or unsettle is unclear. Perhaps it is meant for both. Nevertheless he continues, stepping forward only a single foot as he speaks. "We are not friends; we are not enemies. Let us simply be ourselves," he suggests. Crouching down on the forest floor, he adopts a Lotus position, settling in and rumbling deep in his throat. A paw sweeps out, inviting you to join him.

Gallius smiles just barely, moving forward to set herself down. The spear is set aside, perhaps to show that she is trusting now, or perhaps to show she is not afraid. "Could we be friends? I imagine at least we should learn to value each other. If my heart tells me the truth, we need each other somehow."

"Perhaps we do," Valon says lightly, smiling. "You certainly need me to find Weeping Prowler. To bring you to him will make him my enemy, but he would be regardless, for his children hunt and slay my children." He pauses, a louder and longer rumble emanating from him, a sort of unconscious noise of thought. "But that does not make us friends. It makes us allies of the moment. Consider carefully, Gallius. When does an ally become a friend?"

"When you aid them not for your own good, but because they need you and you wish only for their happiness," she answers softly. "And I do not know of Weeping Prowler, save that one of my circle has offended him. I am rather out of my element." Gallius offers a small smile, apparently amused by her awkward position. "What do you need of me, Valon? What does the Chosen of Luna ask of a servant of the Unconquered Sun?"

"To be left alone," murmurs Valon. "At least, that is what some of us believe. Others wish for revenge upon you all, or upon some of you, or upon the entire world." He chuckles a little. "Some of us want a good screw and a clean kill, and think Solars can provide both. In some order." Then his face grows more serious. "We ask, I suppose, not to be betrayed again."

Gallius' face looks pained at the end. "We were the betrayers," she whispers faintly. "I feel it, somehow, but hearing it is like being encased in ice." Her eyes lid slowly, "We must atone, though I do not know how. The past is not what we must seek, though. We need more than just a weak measure of respect for each other. I know once this soul I bear loved one of the Chosen of Luna more than herself. That gives me hope, and yet that love failed, I fear."

Valon rocks gently from where he sits, contemplatively humming in a faint voice. "Hmm, well, getting respect from most of us will be difficult," he observes with a wry smile. "Us getting respect from each other is difficult enough. Perhaps if you had a tail..." He peeks around your body, as though inspecting your back for such an appendage. "You'd look good with a tail, you know."

Gallius laughs suddenly, her eyes opening and shining with a sudden joy. "So of which kind are you, then?" she asks suddenly. "Are you one to seek a good screw?" Her expression changes, and the lady drops for the moment that veil of steel she wears. "You know, when you take the form of a man you are quite handsome."

"Yes, I know," replies Valon, in mock-sadness. "In fact I'm so handsome I'm in love with myself, and none other can take my form.. So I'm destined for disappointment! Reduced to rutting..." He chuckles a little, voice growing a little darker. "The ape-man tribes to the southwest of here. They're my get. Oh yes, I mated like an animal for half a millennium. Imagine what it'll be like to make out my will!" He laughs aloud, grinning with infectious humor again.

The Lady grins widely, "It must be.. unique. I can't imagine being so comfortable in myself. I envy you, Valon." Her tone is serious for the moment, "You seem so pleased just to live, and you show no signs of bitterness that I have seen." She smiles again, "If my father heard you talking about his daughter's tail he might not be pleased, though. Even less if he found out I was fooling around with someone who is far more than just a man."

"I must be comfortable with myself," Valon replies, smiling widely again. "If I wasn't, who would be?" His comic tone fades a little, as he continues. "I am pleased with life. Or I was, twenty years ago. Or a hundred. A thousand? .... Perhaps even then. Now I'm drinking again of a wine I've not tasted in so long. Civilization." He looks at you now, steadily, without a hint of humor. "It's galling. It's a bitter taste in my mouth, but it goes straight to my head." And then the smile returns, on that frightening ape-like countenance. "So you see, I'm expecting one hell of a hangover soon."

The Lady arches an eyebrow. "You don't seem quite drunk yet, though, Valon. Hardly fair to bear the sentence without at least enjoying the crime." Gallius laughs softly and looks skyward, "Can you tell me about Luna? Is that allowed?"

"I sort of have to," chuckles Valon. "Luna is... my spouse. She is also a he and an it, and many other things besides. She comes to us when we are most in need, when we must survive or die, and our spirits refuse to surrender. She speaks amongst us when we are assembled together, telling the tales of the greatest of us so that others might profit by the lessons of virtue. She is a fickle mistress, but we would have no other."

Gallius smiles and continues to study the sky, "What virtue do you hold most dear, Valon?" Slowly she shifts to study the strange Lunar. It is clear she holds many questions back, still, waiting for the most important to be answered.

"You do not deserve what you do not protect. Protect your possessions, or they are no longer yours. Nurture the respect of your underlings, so that they do not desert you. Keep your word solemn and unbroken, or else no other will trust you." Valon rumbles again, then speaks. "That is what we know as virtue."

Gallius nods slowly. "It sounds almost harsh, but it is also fair and just. Do.." She pauses, sighing. "I would not ask this, but my situation is quite confusing to me. Do you love like mortals? I apparently have not lost that strange emotion, I wonder if the Lunar also feel that bond. I mean to others than Luna, of course."

"We were once men and women, purely human," murmurs Valon reflectively. "In that, we knew and know love. But we are not only that. We listen to our passions, and obey them. And... there is another thing." His voice grows softer. "Some of us, the old ones, knew love.. and knew its betrayal. Some slew those we held most dear. Others meted out vengeance for a millennium of servitude and disrespect. Is it love to free your spouse from the shackles of hate, to send her into the Underworld? If so, then many of us knew love," he finishes quietly.

The Lady sighs softly, eyes shutting as Valon speaks. "I wonder.. could he have," Gallius whispers. "How hard it would have been." She lets out a soft sigh, "I wish I knew if I betrayed him. I think I must know, but how will I know? And if I asked, how could I even prove that I am who I say? Why would one of Luna listen to a word I have to say?"

Valon chuckles softly. "I'm not playing matchmaker for you, if that's what you hope. I don't really know if I can advise you either. I think.. I think perhaps the only thing I can say on that matter is to be strong enough to get an answer from him. The truth is our greatest possession, and our greatest weakness, after all."

Gallius laughs softly, "I would not ask you to be, Valon." She smiles and shakes her head, "It will take time. I am not yet strong enough. If he tests me with his strength, I cannot stand, and if I have done him great harm, perhaps it is too much to be forgiven. I do not know that love is truly so strong that it cannot be killed. I do not even know if I'd want it again."

"Well, then, it's time to settle down and find a better mate, then," observes Valon with a smile. "Tell me. Why is it you must know? And if you knew, what would you do about it?"

"Because part of me demands it," answers Gallius. "What you might call a passion, or instinct, maybe. If I know, then perhaps the instinct will be satisfied and pass." She turns her eyes to meet Valon's, "Perhaps indeed I should find a better mate. Perhaps Valon has one in mind?" The veil again vanishes as Gallius allows herself to actually have a little fun.

"Hmm, well, you might be good breeding stock," the monkey-man chuckles. "Then again your father might disapprove, and then I'd have to eat him, and that'd be the end of any cordial relations between us, hmm?" He leans back, positioning himself against a tree and scratching his back leisurely by rubbing against the rough trunk. "Hasn't your father arranged a marriage for you yet? Or has that tradition come and gone too?"

"He has, but that was before my life changed," says Gallius. "I think my husband to be will find it strange when he learns how different we are, now." The Lady shrugs, "As for my father.. it is hard to say. He might be very impressed. He admires men of prowess, since he himself was a rider in the day." She can't help but smile, even if this entire conversation is terribly inappropriate, "In any case, I know Casus is a man who has shared his bed with others before. It always struck me as somewhat odd that I must remain pure while he can do whatever he wishes."

"Oh, well, I'm glad some traditions remain the same," murmurs Valon with a smile. "You sound like you're from the Inland Sea coast, by your accent.. You ought to stay more to the east, by the big forked rivers. Men are subservient to the women. I think it's a more honest state of affairs."

Gallius laughs out loud, "I can't imagine it. At least our people allow men or women to rule." She pauses, thinking for a moment. "Do you think it is foolish that I am so eager to trust you? If you were in my place, I wonder if you would be so quick to do so. It matters little how you answer, I have decided already, wise or hasty matters little." With a wicked grin she asks one more thing, "Does that make me more or less desirabe breeding stock?"

"Well, you speak honestly, which is a plus," remarks Valon, counting off points on hairy fingers. "On the other hand, you speak your mind, which is a minus. Hmmm. You can fight, which is a plus... But you try to lead, which is a minus." He winks before proceeding, in case there was doubt about his seriousness. "You trust me implicitly, which is a definite plus. You know me and yet you STILL trust me, which makes me suspicious, so that's a minus. We're sitting here enjoying a talk, which is a plus. We aren't talking about me, which is a minus. Hmm... you have a husband who isn't here, which is a plus... and finally, could he perhaps not be with you for a reason, again a minus..." He flashes both hands in the air, grinning widely. "So sorry, out of fingers. I guess we're tied."

She laughs softly, though her words are serious, "I am glad you spoke with me tonight, Valon. Perhaps we should talk about you, though I don't wish to be rude. I would like to know more of your people. I imagine you protect them, if I have understood you well. It would also seem that some of them must be your children in a very literal sense." Gallius adds with a smirk, "I like fighting, but in certain cases I would not mind losing. It seems to me that a wife must have a husband who is at least her equal."

"Equal? Nonsense. Good husbands are never the equal of their wives. They're...." He struggles for words for a moment, then casts about with his eyes, taking hold of a long fallen branch of dead wood on the ground nearby. He snaps it in half with ease, then holds up both ends as a visible demonstration before pressing the splintered halves together. As expected, the break-points fit together quite closely. "They must be this," he says.

Gallius studies it and hmms. "I guess I never really thought of it that way," she admits. "To me it was a matter of state, at first, then a matter of love. But love can be a confusing thing. How will I know who is meant to bond with me? The answers were easier before."

"Hmm. Well, you can meet a mate who you are well matched for, in both matters of state and love. I imagine it's better that way," remarks Valon. "But, why must you remain pure? I think you have the wrong word, that's called inexperienced. If you fancied a young lad you saw, you'd take him, and your husband would approve. And if I met a woman who inflamed my passion, my wife would rather I rid myself of that lust for another than allow it to creep into our own bed."

"You really think so?" asks Gallius. "I am quite inexperienced," she agrees. "In this and in many ways. Honestly I don't know that I've really fancied any man that way." She smiles and shrugs, "When I do, though.. perhaps it is better to surrender to that impulse than to let it distract me."

Valon shrugs a bit, resuming the back-scratching against the tree. "I don't claim to know what's best for you. But, if you have a mate, or even a potential one, either he deserves to be told what you intend to do, or he probably doesn't deserve to be your mate, hmm?"

"You are very wise, Valon," answers Gallius. "And right, of course." She laughs softly at the back-scratching. "If a bit odd.. somehow, though, this supposedly cultured woman approves. Perhaps we might be friends, if you have the patience to deal with a child who is still trying to find her feet."

"We might be, at that," says Valon with a smile. "But give it time. You and your Circle may be a danger to me yet, and murder among friends is a shame."

"I will be patient, Valon," answers Gallius. "And I hope we are not a danger that cannot be averted. I would ask you to always be honest, but something tells me that is most unnecessary." The Lady leans back and stares skyward, "Perhaps we should return to the camp? I would rather not have the others scatter about trying to find me."

Valon nods, stretching a bit and lurching unsteadily to his feet. The big ape-man has a surprising grace for his apparent bulk, though, and his show is just that - a show. He grins, gesturing in the direction of the camp.

Gallius rises and looks back to the camp, then above. "Perhaps you might show me what it is like to move above the ground on the way back? It must be fun to soar through the trees."

---

Five days of travel have led the party north. Valon, alternating about half and half between his human and primate forms, has instructed Ramar in a few of the details of Lunar society, and has answered other specific questions the Solars have had. Four dirty, disheveled Solars travel behind him. One immaculately clean Solar comes along as well, and envious looks are now and again directed at Marina's peculiar collar.

On the subject of Greyfalls, the Lunar is reluctant to speak, claiming only that "interesting times" are ahead, no matter who wins. The subtext of his intent is clear: nature abhors a vacuum, even a political one, and Valon is nothing if not in agreement with nature. On the subject of Weeping Prowler he is more verbose, and the party hears one or two of the stories he has to tell about the battles between jaguar and ape beast-man tribes. These disputes seem to be a very personal matter to the barbarian leader, though it's not clear if he wishes for a killing or merely a reckoning.

On the matter of the Lunar girl he knows little other than that she is his "rival"'s apprentice, having passed her own initiation trials. She is not a No Moon at least; Valon suspects that she is a Changing Moon, learning the ways of trickery from the Lunars' wise elders before setting out on her own to win renown. Whatever the case, her defenses are likely to be far less comprehensive than the elder Lunar's. Along the way, Valon has also received no less than twelve small birds, whistling softly to them as they land on his outstretched paw and watching as they fly away again. "Messengers," he explains without further elaboration.

It is with this theory in mind that the six figures sit crouched, concealed by brush and leaf, observing the scene below. It is a camp of some kind, with a ring of stones surrounding a fire-pit, several half-finished improvised weapons such as spears and primitive bows, and at the center of it, a sleek and contented-looking forest cat, a lynx most likely, lays curled up asleep. Valon gestures silently toward the encampment, making it clear that this is the home of the 'prentice to that man that the party seeks.

Gallius carefully sneaks a look at the camp and then turns to Valon, nodding to him. She holds her weapon loosely, sparing a moment to determine just which way the wind is blowing.

Chi-Yosh gazes out over the camp, kneeling in the brush. The lynx herself has the answers, and no doubt they cannot merely walk up and grab her by the tail. Getting answers from the cat may be hard if she refuses to play along. Though, they do need the boat, and she is due many questions. Repremanding may be in order, or merely the threat of it, perhaps. The Su'katan is not vengeful, yet distressing the apprentice may be in order, simply to return the favor.

There is a silent inquiry that Ramar gives, by raising an eyebrow and looking at Valon. He tilts his head to the side, and looks back at the camp. Once more the Solar turns his head to Valon, and mouths, 'What are we to do then?' Although, a few moments pass in which Ramar remains still, crouched low to the ground. His eyes flutter shut, as his senses attune to the Essence around, letting the ebb and flow of the world be more readily revealed. He looks around, once more, and whispers, "Are we to ask her then?"

Focus. That is what is in need. The stone he had before let him move much smoother among the world when he was calm. Yet even without it, the lesson is taught; if he can stay in harmony, he can move the way one must, to get the result desired. And so, after the directions have been whispered to all, he rises up. Now more then ever he needs it, for if she wakes, many bad things may occur. With two slow, calming breaths, the Su'Katan begins walking toward her. His steps are small, barely leaving the ground to glide forward and come down gently, never stirring anything but what his foot falls upon. Eyes remain on the feline, and not on his task, even though the mind is stilled. Breathe. Step, step.

The lynx is unaware, and like a sleeping kitten she is taken unaware. Chi-Yosh's expert grapple, with the precise and unhesitating moves of the mantis, even survives the sudden but somewhat expected shapechange, and momentarily the Su'katan is applying a full arm-lock to a struggling young woman of disreputable attire but attractive mein. "Stop! I'll kill you, I'll OWCH!" She winces a little, having wrenched her shoulder somewhat. "Hey... we can talk about this.."

Gallius waits for Chi-Yosh to make his move. She watches carefully, trying to not even breathe. Seeing Valon goofing off and loitering makes her laugh inside, a smile finding its way to her lips. But this is not a time for distraction, and as soon as it is clear that the enemy is engaged, she will proceed, calling upon the essence to gather inside her. And since there's no point in stealth, she will move down swiftly and call out to the enemy, "I hope that will not be necessary, Chosen of Luna."

Circling around the encampment, Marina waits for Chi-Yosh's move, before stepping out of the forest. Her back still to the trees, she makes sure Chi-Yosh can see her, before turning to look intently at the young woman, her eyes and ears focused on detecting truths and untruths.

Davron bursts forth from his cover, an arrow already fitted to his bow, and rushes into the clearing, joining his companions in surrounding the supine Lunar. His weapon is not yet pointed at the woman, but he strives to make it clear that he is ready to fire, should she break the Su'Katan's arm-lock and try to make her escape. He does not speak, that being the role of others, but watches warily.

"I shall keep my senses as alert as I can." Ramar bows, keeping his voice as soft as a whisper. He ascends a nearby tree, moving as swiftly as one who has clearly practiced this before can. As the wind rustles through the branches, he continues his movement, heading above the scene and descending when he must. He remains in sight of the now not quite so sleeping Lunar, giving her a smile, "Greetings. Where's the ship? She had better be in good condition." Ramar then steps slowly, taking a position near the edges of the camp, keeping alert, listening to the sounds the Wind carries to him, picking up the scents that might betray that which easily fools sight or sound...

Chi-Yosh keeps his face calm, perhaps a touch grim, but a smile happens to draw to his expression at that. "Indeed we can, and I hope to. You have a choice," He says calm, as though he were talking down an upset child. "You may not try to fight, not flee, and cooperate with us, answer our questions with honesty and you may return to your catnap. If you do not... There is a saying, I am told. If you reach into the fire, and do not get burned, what you retrieve is yours. The fire has caught up with you, Child of Luna. It is your choice if it burns." He gives pause, then, "Your choice?"

The girl is wearing ratty clothes, those of a forester accustomed to a hard and uncivilized life. "Hey, what... Oh, it's you people." The girl grumbles to herself, and sighs, growing limp in the arm-lock as her struggles cease. "Your sky-ship? My master has it now. And if you think I'm leading you there, you're mistaken!"

"You are brave, Lunar," says Gallius, and her words hide no lies or conceit. "But we have a task to see your master, and it would be a great service to us, and perhaps to him as well, if you would cooperate." The Lady pauses, offering a bow fit for any court, "My name is Gallius."

"Your name'll be mud when I get free of this guy!" retorts the girl hotly, struggling anew against Chi-Yosh's grasp and wincing again. "Okay, maybe not..." She subsides again, sighing.

Chi-Yosh releases the Lunar, and slinks backwards, slow and ready to counter any action she may try. But if none present themselves, he draws into a sitting position. "Weeping Prowler has things that must be discussed with him. We are going to bring these urgent matters to his door." A nod to Galilus, but doesn't take his eyes off the woman. He does not suspect her to attack, but instead is wary of her slippery words.

"So, bring them to his door, he'll lay you out like a rug," mumbles the Lunar girl, sounding defiant in her defeat. "I don't care if you kill me or torture me, I'm not helping you!"

"Nor would I, if our positions were reversed and I was still naive of the world," answers Gallius. "But sometimes things are not so clear as they seem. Will it aid your Master if my friend here kills you?" Oddly enough, the Lady smiles, "It will not aid us, either. We do not come here seeking your death. Indeed, we might be able to help each other, but I cannot speak to shut ears. Will you heed my words and listen a while, or are you afraid of the truth?"

Chi-Yosh's head tilts to the side, like a bird might, while watching the woman. "I think I wouldn't like to be a throw rug, just yet, but I am sure I would not make a bad one." Fingers steeple in his lap. "You fear what your master would do to you more then what we would. You may seek retribution against us. But against him?" A tsk.

The girl shrugs, wincing again and mumbling, "Gotta stop doing that.." to herself. "I'll listen. Don't think I have a choice, do I." She is sullen, but now thankfully silent.

"There are always choices, and listening is perhaps the most important choice you ever have to make," replies Gallius. "We seek your Master, for we believe one of us deserves a chance to atone for a mistake made in the past, and perhaps to earn respect in the future." The Lady's eyes narrow for a moment, "And do try to act like one of the Chosen rather than a spoiled child."

The girl subsides. "M'name's Rabby," she says sullenly. "And 'm not leading you north to the river, up by the waterfall," she adds, in a quieter voice, hanging her head in clear shame. "But I'll go with you, if you keep me under armed guard."

Chi-Yosh smiles just a touch. "Much appreciated, Rabby of the Maze Forest." He does look at her with more intensity, yet still mixed with curiousity. "Your Master is very protective of the Manse that I became one with first. It is a weakness of his."

"'S'not his," she replies, meekly, quietly, almost as though afraid of being overhard. "was his wife's."

Chi-Yosh nods his head in understanding. "I see. And he does not like thieves encrouching on the places once sacred to his wife." It does make him feel a touch bad about that, but he could not have known. "What kind of man is Weeping Prowler?"

"He's quiet," says Rabby, herself sounding rather quiet. "But he's very wise. He's... not like the rest of us. He's sort of in his own place, most of the time."

"It is a pleasure to meet you, Rabby," says Gallius. "Perhaps we might come to understand each other better. And indeed, we will keep you under guard. There is no telling what powerful sorceries you might know." She moves closer to the Lunar and offers a hand, "Perhaps we should speak more on the way." Lest the element of surprise be utterly lost while they tarry here.

Davron follows his companions. He still says nothing, but Rabby's revelation has clearly set the wheels turning behind his otherwise impassive expression. Weeping Prowler seems more like a person to him now, rather than a mysterious cipher, but now more than ever he wonders if Chi-Yosh can win the sorcerer's respect, after such a poor start.

Chi-Yosh rises to his feet, and nods to Gallius, while gesturing for the others to follow suit. "Then let us go, Rabby." After a moment, he glances over his shoulder as the others begin to move northwards. "Did you enjoy riding on the ship?"

The girl brightens up a little and nods. "It's not as nice as really flying, but it was fun to bang it around on the treetops," she replies blithely.

"And where is his own place, if I might ask?" Ramar speaks up again, while keeping his attention focused on the world around him. "Where does your master remain and how does that make him different from you? Or is it all that makes him different..." Ramar is already moving, along with the others. "Moreover, how did you know to steal our ship, and what sort of trials did you face?"

"Stealing the ship was one of my trials," Rabby replies, with a smirk. She seems to have noticed that the ship is a bit of a sore spot, and she intends to twist the knife. "His home is beautiful, like nothing you've ever seen. But it's a lot like he is. You'll see."

---

Along the way, the party is interrupted only once - there is, of all things, a scroll hanging from a treebranch, tied with a slender ribbon. Opening it for inspection, Davron reads the message aloud. "To Rabby - Learn to accept defeat more gracefully next time. Your deception has been noted, but it was not wrong. Face is a mask. Work to conceal what is behind it better." The message continues. "To the Solars - I will receive you with a guide. I will slay you without compunction with a hostage. Come along before sunset."

Davron takes the hint and restores his arrow to his quiver. He keeps the bow handy - there are all manner of dangers in the forest that are neither Rabby nor Weeping Prowler, after all - but it is no longer a tool of guarding, for the present.

After reading the scroll, Gallius offers it the Lunar. "It seems your Master is indeed wise, and fair. I hope that this impression is the correct one." She will simply wait for the Lunar to now lead as guide.

---

Nestled into the great, lush forests is a cavernous bowl-shaped cliff. Carved into its face and set deeply into the rock is a mansion of crystal and stone, perhaps six stories in height. At the front and center of this luxurious dwelling, a wide niche has been cut to accommodate a gushing waterfall, wide as three men laid end to end, that flows from the top of the cliff to a long lake at the bottom. The lake feeds into a stream that winds its way through the woodlands.

The mansion and waterfall face southwest. At its lowest level, sturdy rock steps descend to a harbor, with a vine-choked path of tiled stone leading away from this structure and into the forest as well. Though radiant and beautiful in the sunlight, the conquests of Nature on this undefended fortress of man's habitation demonstrate that either no attempt has been made to prune away the abundant overrun of life. The _Seagull_ lies docked at the harbor; other than that, no sign of recent habitation exhibits itself.

Before Ramar's mind can wrap around the fantastic beauty unfolding before him, his eyes are drawn immediately towards the _Seagull_ "Ahhh she's alrig-" And it is at that precise moment that his perception expands and he is dazzled by the sheer sight of things before him. "Oh... my..." He kneels, a moment, bowing respectfully as he becomes imminently more aware of the flows of Essence in this place of power. "My... this is..."

"I wonder at this Master of yours, Rabby," murmurs Gallius. "I am still uncertain whether he wants us dead, or wants to talk." Suddenly the Solar smiles, "Let us all hope that talking is enough to settle this. There are few enough of us as it is, and a place like this should not be defiled."

Chi-Yosh's mind has been mussing Prowler, while talking to Rabby along the way. He can see his errors in seeing the Prowler as an unyielding enemy, a 'thing' and a force, as opposed to some One who may have personal reasons for his actions, and not the most negative. The prospect of just being left alone to fend for themselves had colored his opinions too much, and in looking at it from the Lunar's view, it was not unreasonable. Why should he show face to disrespective thieves? He must save his opinions to be crafted by experience, not piecing together crumbs of a whole he cannot precieve without much bigger pieces. The note, and Rabby's own testemony - if both are honest, and may not be - then he owes an apology, for many things. Though, his thoughts are disrupted, blown away on a wind made from beauty and awe. A quiet marveling, and a knowledge that this is a place fit for any one such as the Lunars, such as he, and those who find their love so tied with the forests. "Let us meet, under clear skies," He echos Gal

He echos Gallius.

Marina grins at Gallius. "As long as we can talk, we can hope." She tilts her head. "Though there is much pleasure in being the silent one on occasion."

Gallius nods to Marina, thinking to herself that often silence speaks far louder than words.

"Meeting under open skies would seem good... though we are welcomed within this place. Or I do not believe we would be this close." Ramar turns slowly, taking in the whole scope of the Mansion built of crystal and stone. _What a beautiful palace... I can perhaps see how and why Weeping Prowler would remain within... though I suspect..._ Ramar voices this next aloud, "I suspect that our Host is already keenly aware of us and is able to leave his Palace from within... er... but without actually leaving."

Valon brings up the rear, silent and smiling grimly. "I can see why he's a stay at home sort," he observes with gesture toward the palatial building.

Looking around, Marina finds herself agreeing with Ramar, as she holds out the knife, considering it very very quietly. The stone in the hilt continues to intrigue her, for it speaks to her of magics ... magics the Prowler may well be wielding. Then she smiles at Valon. "When you have beauty at home, why would you choose to travel?"

Ramar replies, to Marina, "To see the other beauty within the world... to find and explore new places, or to simply be someplace in which you have not been before..."

"Because beauty is not just at home, but in every thing, and every where. To not see it is a shame," Chi-Yosh replies quietly.

Marina shrugs. "To be safe. To have a home. To have the freedom not to travel ..."

"Welcomed? I'm not so sure. Permitted, perhaps," says Davron, speaking the first words of his own in Rabby's presence. He tilts his head, smiling a little. "Though I hope I am wrong. It would be nice, for once, to travel without being regarded everywhere with suspicion and mistrust."

Gallius turns to Valon, "Do you feel it is more polite if we wait for him to welcome us, or should we just go to the door, as it were?" She also turns her gaze to Rabby, inviting either to answer.

"I agree," remarks Rabby sarcastically, in reply to Davron. "Let's start now." To Gallius she shrugs. "We may as well go in."

Gallius sighs softly at Rabby. Children are so difficult. "Well, lead on then, Rabby, if you are ready," says Gallius, keeping a kind tone no matter how the Lunar acts.

Hacking and brushing their way through the growths that obstruct the doorway and its path, the party finally arrives before the enormous front door of the mansion. On closer inspection, the peculiar sight from earlier is understood. The entire mansion is made of crystal, and the waterfall that begins at the top of the cliff into which it's built not only pours over the open front of the building, but through its very walls. The crystalline walls are indeed hollow, and the flow of the river is evident. The door opens as eyes are distracted by these marvels, and within is emptiness. "Come to the third level," commands a voice from the air.

Rabby leads the way through the glass-like house, and Valon follows. Between them the Solars march, wary but ready, and up two staircases they move. The young Lunar girl leads the way through room after undisturbed room of marvels, all walled off by the crystal arrangements. Chi-Yosh follows, having finished his appreciation of the aesthetic and now very focused on the goal which is so close.

Ramar remains towards the back, his eyes dragging over each and every detail. He is quite fascinated by this place of crystal and life. "What should we expect to find on the third level? And... so that we do not make any last minute misgivings that result in us dueling... how are we to refer to your master, Rabby?"

Marina looks down at the knife, once a gift from Valon, before looking around the palatial home once more. In some way, the coin reminds her of the walls. There is no direct connection, for the coin is not obviously made of crystal, but there is that in the essence that feels familiar, regardless. Moving closer to Davron, she ponders returning the knife to its owner.

Chi-Yosh can not yet make his destinction, his opinions of the matter. After meeting Valon, he knows the man is reasonable, honorable. He, however, must wonder still what is wanted in this meeting? What if the Solars do not harbor harm or even threat to Weeping Prowler? Then again, he may be offering too much sympathy to the sorcerer, but he can still wonder.

Gallius will be delayed by her staring, and though she maintains some guard, she is for the moment not terribly nervous. Why bother killing us here rather than from hiding which could apparently have been done the whole time? She offers Valon a smile and asks softly, "Do you dwell in a place like this?"

Davron's eye wonders at the decor, but his mind wonders more at its undisturbed state. Is it just that Weeping Prowler had been sleeping until very recently, as he has been told? Or is it something more - some reason of significance to the Lunar sorcerer. Are these rooms untouched for the same reason the Manse was?

"Non Valon," calls a voice, one that is known to Chi-Yosh and new to the others. "And.. the thief. And his friends. And Rabby. Come in." The voice is tired and solemn. It is the man himself. Weeping Prowler stands, attired in robes of cobalt and runes, looking for the first time like a man. He is tall and rugged-looking. His face reflects a landscape eroded through time by wasted words that blow like wind, and tears that fall into rivers, reflecting an aged soul. "I welcome you."

Gallius for a moment simply stares at the sorceror, her eyes studying him carefully. Something reminds her to speak and move, and she bows deeply, though she holds her tongue, certain that hers is not the right to speak first.

Chi-Yosh bows. It is all that he may do, when he enters the room, and gazes upon Weeping Prowler the man. He still cannot show too great a sympathy, for it may be a weakness, but he shall pay due respect where it is owed. He steps forward, but not to stand in front of the Lunar, nor does he demand attention, at first. Instead, he seems to almost be waiting, just yet.

Ramar bows his head respectfully to the Sorcerer. His body follows, and then he looks up. "Thank you for receiving us and welcoming us in this..." He looks around, searching for the right words. He turns back to Weeping Prowler, glancing at his robes a moment, and then giving the due respect for such a display of office. If they are important enough to make this show for... then it is best not to blow it.

Marina, too, drops a curtsey. "Greetings, and thank you."

Davron bows as well, his eyes briefly scanning the arcane sigils, and not for the first time finding himself wishing he understood more of their nature. Perhaps he will ask... but later. First, he knows well, he must _earn_ the right to ask such a thing of Weeping Prowler. And, for the time being, it is Chi-Yosh that has come here as a supplicant - unless all of the Circle are to be included in whatever trials the man may wish to set, a prospect that both scares and excites the would-be Solar sorcerer.

"Let me tell you a story, thief," says Prowler, in a low and melancholy voice. "In the First Age of Man, there was a woman named Lesell. She came to the far East, with a cult of followers. They were loyal fanatics, living and dying at her command. Centuries before, she crafted a Manse with sorcery, shaping wood into the proper patterns, obeying the guidances of the _Rightful and Harmonious Instructions of Geomancy_, which she herself had a hand in authoring. She lived there for a time after fleeing at last, until she was chased away to her final abode. There she was slain, by sorcery, in a contest that took seven days and rent the heavens and the earth."

"Her followers went on to settle around her tomb," continues the sorcerer quietly. "Your village. And after I wept for she I had slain, I slept in my own crystalline chamber, a century would pass. Then another. And so I failed in my vigilance, to preserve the memories we had wrought together." He looks up, directing his gaze entirely into Chi-Yosh's eyes. "Understand what you have taken from me. Then speak your wish."

Chi-Yosh takes a deep breath. Slow, and calming, for he realizes that what will be said next is a great, weighted thing that will decide much more then merely what will happen within the next few minutes, the next day. He swallows, and finally puts forth those words, heavy with his own compassion, shame, and desire. "I wish to wipe the defilement I have brought to that which was Lesell. I not only owe it unto her for respect to her, not only to her for the sake of your loss and she who you are faithful and loyal to, but to her for she is linked to me and mine, and to defile something of an ancestor so recklessly and, for a long time, foolishly prideful in doing so is an insult that scars me deeply. I wish to atone, and make this right."

Gallius watches the sorceror as he speaks, her eyes sympathetic, though she cannot truly understand the weight of the loss. Not yet. She silently hopes she never will. He killed her. She immediately thinks of her own future and Ma-Ha-Suchi.

Ramar inhaels slowly, listening to the tale. He ponders to himself. _Why has he chosen to reveal this? It is likely to test Chi-Yosh's motives and to further understand his thoughts... but why else? He holds all of the cards in this place, or so it seems._ Ramar glances up, his eyes ponderous, though he makes no attempt to hide the understanding he can only begin to imagine for the Sorcerer's loss. His life at one point had been... but that is in the past. "I am..." Ramar shakes his head, "Is there some way, perhaps, that you can rekindle the memories you had wrought together? Perhaps some way to remember the good she had done in the world, rather than the end that came? Perhaps there is a way we may aid you in this, or perhaps not... and let me know if I am stepping into territory where I am not welcome to tread upon..."

"We will see," says Prowler, softly, and turns away. He steps toward a crystalline door, opening and beckoning for the group to follow. Through the door is another room, the central and front-most room in the mansion and appropriately large, and a third of it is open. Through the very room itself the waterfall's torrent courses, such that a man might stand at the edge and touch the falls with his hand. "Erisus," says Valon, softly, and Prowler turns, as though hearing a name long-forgotten. "Your tribe must stop their raids. I am here to tell you that if they do not, I will come for you, sleeping or no." To this the sorcerer only nods, as he stares out at the rapidly-moving water. The room is chill and with a hint of dampness, but this is a welcome refreshment in the sun of summer. Beyond, the sun approaches its horizon again, and Prowler sighs. "Stay the night. We will speak of this tomorrow. All of you."

"And we will help you to see, if we can." Ramar follows after Prowler, glancing around ith renewed interest in the central and front most chamber of the Manse. He stares out past the waterfall, he reaches out, as though he were going to touch it and then Valon speaks and his attention is snapped back. "Very well then. Where shall we stay... and..." He looks back at the waterfall, and decides, perhaps to save the question for another day. "I hope that the discussion tomorrow proves fruitful."

Chi-Yosh is simply left in silence. He has done... a terrible thing. On the one hand, he could never have known who or what the Manse had belonged to, and it had been his place of Exaltation, of his tieing with the earth. The place the Unconquered Sun had pointed him to. And a hearthstone is for the Exalted, any solar who may have once been would want those after to claim, to continue onwards with what they once had. Yet, that may not be the case, and even so, it is no excuse. He has wounded Weeping Prowler, tarnished the memory of his ancestor, or atleast one tied to his own, and that he cannot shrug away with simple explinations. The heart does not heal by what the mind can say. And thus, with moisture collecting in the brims of his eyes, the Su'Katan can only nod.

---

Night has passed without incident, and in the morning, the Lunar sorcerer greets each person in turn, as they assemble again on the third floor. "The elders have arrived, Valon," he adds, almost conversationally. "I am admitting them now. I assume you called them here to see that the Way is upheld." To this bald statement of fact the ape-man, now human in deference to his host's form, inclines his head. Rabby is present as well, attired in much cleaner garb, and her manner is much less obstinate than before, though she does not speak. One by one, men and beasts file into the large central room from the lower levels of the mansion and one by one Prowler greets them by name. When the Solars are introduced, at least half of the Pact's membership incline their heads in polite recognition.

"Chi-Yosh," says Valon calmly. "These men, Chosen of Luna, protectors of our Way, are gathered here, to hear you out. They will hear whatever you say, and act accordingly. Speak as your heart dictates." The sorcerer himself is content to look away, gazing at the waterfall that pours steadily through the room.

Chi-Yosh nods, and is quiet, collecting his thoughts. He has had much time to consider them, but even now, it is like sculpting something raw into that which is presentable, ment to be seen by others. "I was a fool, as I still am. A child given the gift of the Unconquered Sun. I took the Manse, and the stone, and and ran. And defiantly I had kept that of Lesell's until I was threatened to return. I did so believing I was right, wishing to reclaim what was mine. And now, I find that I do not wish what I have touched." He turns to gaze towards the waterfall, and releases a sigh. "There is a smudge, filth from my ignorance and selfishness. I reached into the fire, and pulled it out, but I did not think of what that fire stood for, what had to be done to gather the wood, and what pains had been taken to spark the flame."

Chi-Yosh turns back, straightening his back. "I am merely two hands, guided by a heart that knows not what to do, but why to do it. So I plead to know what must be done." A swallow. These next words may make him, or break him, but he knows for what he feels is right, and that it may ring true with them. "I will put my word in that I will do what must be done, and what is decreed." With that, he steps back, as if waiting punishment, but holds his head with respect, not defiance, at the council while in wait.

The six elders gather together for a moment, discussing the matter amongst themselves in tones inaudible to those beyond. Long moments pass.

They turn, nodding to each other, and one - introduced as Sunrise Seer - regards Chi-Yosh with frankness in his expression. "Chi-Yosh. You have taken that which did not belong to you, and made it your own. That you returned of your own volition does not show that its once master valued it. The stone is yours."

Turning then to Prowler, the Seer continues. "You have compelled the Chosen of the Unconquered Sun to speak on your behalf. Regardless of our wants, he has advocated for you. He has served your wishes by stating his case, and you have earned his loyalty in this. Your dignity is yours to keep, for both the Sun and the Moon bathe you in their light." And as one, the six men and beasts incline themselves in a gesture of humble respect.

"This is the decision of the Silver Pact. If any wish to contest it, speak now and we will begin the duel." And with that Seer falls silent.

Weeping Prowler makes not a move. "The Pact has spoken," he says at last. "I will not affront the Way of Virtue by presuming to slay one of my brothers." And to Valon he now turns, looking inscrutibly at the other for several seconds. He seems to be silently questioning something, which Valon seems to understand, for he shakes his head and only smiles. Satisfied, the sorcerer bows to Chi-Yosh in turn. "Protect that which you have earned," he says, simply.

Chi-Yosh can only stand in a place between confusion and ... he does not know. He can simply feel, and that's all he knows. So to Weeping Prowler, he can only bow in return. "I shall protect it with everything I have." He is tempted to apologize, or sympathize for the fate of the man in the river, but... perhaps that is too raw to touch on.

Gallius looks from Sorceror to Valon, wondering at the silent interchange for a moment. It matters little in the end, though. She will simply wait to speak to Valon later, if she is allowed to. She quietly hopes that there is time for talking now, the little matters compared to this, perhaps, but they matter much to her.

Slowly the tension evaporates from the room and finally Valon speaks up. "Hey, Prowler?" he asks. The sorcerer looks at him curiously. "These guys came a long way," the ape-man explains. "Got anything for them to eat?"

Ramar bows repectfully to the entering Lunars as he's introduced. He takes care to offer each and everyone of them the respect that they are due, to the best of his abilities. "I am honored," he replies to the varied inclinations and greetings, his voice soft and quiet. As Chi-Yosh speaks, he falls utterly silent, his attention shifting from his friend to the Lunar Elders, watching their faces curiously to see if he can read their expressions. When Chi-Yosh is finished, he shifts from foot to foot, slowly. During the long eternity in which the six discuss amongst themselves he ponders them, straining to catch wisps of conversation. When their verdict is delivered, he smiles slowly, understanding at long last at least some of what has been discussed. He turns to his friend, Chi-Yosh, regards him with a smile, and drifts back to being respectfully silent and attentive. Gallius will move once the formalities seem to be dissolved. She offers Chi-Yosh a smile, happy for her friend who has avoided a rather ugly situation and won the right to what he took. After this, she heads over to talk to Valon, only to stop once Ramar speaks and suddenly business is again on the table.

Chi-Yosh sidesteps, and casually reaches over to touch Rabby on the nose.

The girl jerks back at the gesture, swiping at the hand with her own, tipped with claws no less. "Hey. And you think you'll be plucking my stone from its cradle next, warrior?" she demands.

Chi-Yosh still holds his arm out, not yanking it back as though daring the fire to burn. "Not at all," He returns, offering a disarming smile. "You were very quiet. I have a feeling that isn't a state you like to be in often, especially with company. Much like some others I know."

"With IMPORTANT company, I keep my own thoughts to myself. With you, I speak freely," retorts Rabby with a smile. Meanwhile, Prowler, who has likewise been very quiet, holds up his hands for attention.

"My hospitality is yours," the sorcerer announces. "Stay as long as you wish. I believe your vessel is moored outside," he adds, directing this to Chi-Yosh and the other Solars. "We will dine and speak of less weighty matters."

---

The crystal dining-room is as beautifully appointed as any other room in the mansion, and at a single table sits the household and guests. Prowler has deferentially left the head seat open, offering Valon, Rabby and the five Solars one side and the six elders the other. All are now in human form. As one the Lunars raise their wine-glasses. There is no spoken honor as with more civilized man; each simply touches his forehead, where the Caste mark might shine, then drinks his fill. And the feast begins. Food, called by magic, is laid forth. The elders in particular have become very talkative, and seem to banter amongst themselves as old friends who have resumed contact after several years of absence - which may in fact be the case.

Gallius will talk to Chi-Yosh, first. "I am happy for you, my friend. I feared today something bad would happen. My fears were unfounded." She joins in the toast, honoring the traditions of the host as best she can. To Valon she turns and says, "Of course had I listened to you better, I would not have needed to fear."

"Yes, I find that's often the case," replies Valon, grinning. "The world would profit from my wisdom, if only I had any to share, I'm sure of it!"

Chi-Yosh is pleased. He just nods to Gallius. "I am proud, to say the least, and rejoiced, to say the truth." He repeats the process, but his mind is plagued with a few questions, some that Prowler must answer, though they may be painful. Besides, let it commence after the enjoyment of others. Speaking of which, he peers playfully at Rabby. "I wouldn't know where your cradle would be to steal from it. On the other hand, perhaps it would be good sport to have you come after me."

"Oh is that so?" Rabby asks dourly. "I thought you a man, but perhaps you have experience only in stealing Hearthstones and not hearts."

Chi-Yosh spreads his hands. "Stealing hearts is difficult. With the hearthstone, you reach in and can grab it. But with hearts, there's all that flesh and bone in the way..."

Ramar has been curiously silent all day. He is in high spirits though, even if he has yet to remove any traces of sheepishness from his face. He eats and drinks, enjoying the food quite heartily. A glance around the table to everyone, he nods to all present, raising his glass and drinking to them twice.

One of the elders notes the exchange between Chi-Yosh and the young Lunar, and he bursts out in a torrent of a language - scraps of which Marina and Davron suspect is Old Realm. His companions burst out laughing, and Prowler grimaces.

"Well, don't let my flesh get in the way of your bone," suggests Rabby innocently, smiling over at Gallius. "Did you meet this man by being grabbed, as well?" she asks.

"In a way," answers Gallius. She grins at Rabby, "Be wary of resting around him. Ahh, but you know his ways already in that respect, don't you?"

Chi-Yosh offers a lost expression to that. But, in this case, acting the unaware and unknowledged can be a better mask; beneath the bewildered expression is the curling of lips along the corners. "You both just happened to jump onto the boat. I know nothing of what you speak of."

Davron chuckles himself at the verbal fencing, then turns to Weeping Prowler, calming his expression. "I do have a more serious request of you, sir, if you would hear it - and if this is the time."

Chi-Yosh adds, "Nor does the extra large hammock in the hull mean anything whatsoever."

Ramar raises an eyebrow after hearing Gallius' comment, and he does his best not to spit his drink out. He manages not to, though there is a rather bright smile on his face and his shoulders shake up and down as though with laughter. He takes a few moments to calm himself and looks curiously between Chi-Yosh and Rabby. He gives the two a nod, and then ponders, his attention drifting to Davron and Prowler.

The sorcerer inclines his head, while Valon cracks another joke in the same language at the elders, who all laugh again. There's a flashing exchange of language between two of the men at Chi-Yosh's addition, and they raise their glasses and crash them together in an exuberant toast.

Davron goes on, more quietly, so as not to interrupt the merriment. "I aspire to learn the art of sorcery. I've begun to learn the rudiments, but I fear that on my own, my travel down that path will be short - perhaps even fatal." He sighs. "My Circle has need of me in the near future, and I will be leaving with them. But I would ask to return another time, and learn whatever you are willing to teach."

Chi-Yosh smiles just as innocent to Rabby. "Besides, one must be wary. When you can call claws to your hand at a moment's notice... I can just imagine what can become of teeth."

"Keep your imagination about my body parts to yourself, then," says Rabby sweetly, sliding one arm around Ramar's shoulder and smiling at him. Prowler nods his head in response to Davron's question. "I will give you the trials, if you ask. Thereafter I will teach whatever you have proven worthy to learn."

Gallius falls silent and withdraws for the moment, studying the Lunars and listening intently to their curious tongue. Though she cannot discern the words, there is something to it that is familiar, somehow.

Ramar looks up from whatever thoughts he had been lost in when an arm slides around his shoulder. He turns to look for the source, and upon finding Rabby, returns the smile, though he raises an eyebrow curiously, and makes a sort of "Hmmm?" sound.

"You do not need to encourage me to do that," Chi-Yosh says casually, before turning to Weeping Prowler. His tone grows quiet. "I have to ask. You mentioned my village, as the followers of ... her. What can you tell me of my village, for I know nothing of it."

Davron closes his eyes and bows respectfully where he sits. "I thank you, sir." Little more need be said of this now, he feels. When the time comes, then he will ask what those trials will entail. For now, he is encouraged enough that they will be open to him when he is ready to try his mettle.

"The fanatics and cultists of Lesell's following established homes at her tomb, intent on defending it," Prowler explains. "Human memory is short, and they have forgotten the true meaning of their lives there. Even that memory has blown away.." He shakes his head. "Always your people have known that they must stay where they are, at least in part. But they no longer understand why."

Chi-Yosh nods his head, not immediately responding. "They believe the history is different." He will definetly have to return now. "It is believed to have been founded by a great man, three centuries ago..."

Valon cracks some sort of joke at the elders, who all chuckle mirthfully, and a little evilly. "Grandson?" he translates, gasping in feigned surprise at Chi-Yosh. "Is that you?" And he grins widely.

Ramar sputters a bit at that revelation. He looks at Chi-Yosh then Valon, and decides that it's best not to comment on this one. He simply glances towards Weeping Prowler, leaving him to converse with Chi-Yosh for the moment, and he returns to his plate of food. He ponders it, and with his fork he begins tracing a slow path between halves of the plate.

Gallius raises an eyebrow at Valon and shakes her head. "So what are you laughing so much about, hmm?" she asks. "It is hardly polite to talk behind a person's back, now isn't it?"

Chi-Yosh can merely blink at Valon, and then look back to Weeping Prowler. And then it hits him, and he can merely frown. Now the question is on his lips, and he can merely question, "Do you have a personal symbol?"

"Well," Valon explains to Gallius, "Our esteemed elder pointed out that if Chi-Yosh decided to steal Rabby away, that our gracious host would probably send a sorcerous dream after him... recommending a number of fine places to settle down in out West. He added a few more comments about what would come after, but I shall not repeat those at dinner."

Gallius laughs softly, "Perhaps then later?" she suggests to Valon, adding a wink. "That is, of course, if you are not afraid that I might take something of yours away."

Valon scratches his chin. "Well, you could have one of my concubines," he muses. "I'll arrange a selection for you sometime..." Meanwhile, the sorcerer, who's finally beginning to show signs of a smile, shakes his head to Chi-Yosh. "I had a family crest, but I have abandoned it. The sigil of my school --" and here he indicates his robes "-- is all I bear now."

Gallius snickers at Valon, "I think that will not be necessary, though perhaps I might select something else of yours." She looks to the elders, asking, "Is this one always so squeamish around strong women?"

Chi-Yosh nods to Prowler, and continues to speak to him, but there is no doubt his words are directed at the lynxwoman. "And, I have no intentions of attempting to swipe your apprentice. I have the feeling I'd lose my hands in the fire. Uncontainable, that blaze."

Ramar smirks, as he glances towards Chi-Yosh. He gives a nod, and then sits back in his chair, glancing around once more. He watches the Lunars curiously, questions clattering around inside of him, though he glances at Marina, and goes back to pondering his food oncemore.

The elders confer for a moment. Seer, the speaker during the investigation earlier, chuckles and winks at his compatriots before replying. "Non Valon is like moonlight. You admire it when it's nearby, but it slips away immediately when you try to grasp at it."

"On the contrary," scoffs Valon. "I quite enjoy being grasped at." And this he says with a perfectly straight face.

Gallius laughs softly at Valon and nods to the Elders. "He is indeed evasive, but perhaps that is part of the alure?" She lets her mask fall away, enjoying this company. "And here I feared this night would be endless formalities, it seems things here are much more comfortable."

"We believe that formality and comfort are mutually opposed enemies," remarks Valon lightly with a smile. The elders chuckle.

Chi-Yosh asides to Prowler, seeing that he may be feeling a touch in the fringe with the other Lunars and Valon's obvious comradery. "I wish to collect some rare, or atleast uncommon plants. Some for medical effects. Would you happen to know of any in the area?"

"I would. Rabby will show you in the morning," replies Prowler, actually smiling now. Something seems to have broken the ice in him.

Gallius grins at Valon and sighs, "Well, that may be so, yet some seemingly delight in burdening others in ceremony." The Lady relaxes more fully, enjoying the food and the company. "Perhaps later, I might ask each of you some questions about a matter that is important to me personally, but should not be dragged out now."

Although he has been silent for a while, Ramar can bear it no longer. He ponders. Long moments. He glances down at his foot, _Like as not it'll go straight into my mouth again... but I'd be a fool..._ and then back at his food. Another moment passes and he speaks, "If I may ask..." he begins, pausing a moment to choose his words carefully. "I wonder... I know what it is like to be a Solar... I know what I feel I am meant to do, and I know what I have seen... yet I would ask what is it like being a Chosen of Luna? How do you see life and view what you are meant to do, if anything at all? What have you seen in your travels...? I am interested in knowing, being one who wishes to wander the world myself."

The elders fall silent, listening to these words. They look at each other. Finally, Seer speaks. "To be chosen of Luna is to live when the world tells you to die. It is to go where you are not wanted, to see what is hidden. It is to become one with wherever you are. Each of us is married to our goddess. Each of us is at the center of our world."

Gallius listens to the Eldars, and seems unsurprised. It matches what she knows of the Lunars so far. "So what does a Lunar do when he knows he is wanted?" she asks of Valon, unable to resist more teasing banter.

"Strut," replies Valon, with a soft chuckle.

"I see... I believe, that I can understand. In some manner at least. Being at the center of your world is an admirable goal, to say the least, and someplace many woudl do well to be. What do you mean though, if I might ask, when you say you are married to your goddess?" Ramar inclines his head now, "I am not quite certain I understand what you mean by that... and how is it that you see what is hidden?" He falls silent then, waiting for an answer, in one form or another.

Ramar says, "And how have you found the way to the Center of your world?"

"I mean just that," says Seer, softly. "Luna comes to us. She bonds with us, becomes our mate. She is with us and we are faithful to her. And she gives us the strength to re-order the world around us, the cunning to see behind masks and shadows."

"Ah. Then it is quite different than being a Solar. What is it like when she bonds with you? I know what it is to receive strength from another, though I am not sure how precisely it feels for you. But that matter can wait. What have you seen during your travels through the world, if I may ask, and where have you come here asks Ramar, looking curiously at the others.

Gallius grins at Valon, "Strut, hmm? Well, we shall see. If you aren't careful I'll have a bit too much wine and show you just how hot the blood of Roleyn women runs." One might wonder if she's just teasing at this point, or serious.

Another of the elders taps Seer on the arm, and gestures. Seer inclines his head and smiles. "Chosen of Sun," he begins speaking, in a thick and difficult accent. "I see tallest mountain and deepest pit in world... I see hottest fire, and coldest lake... I even see tallest beast.... " Adds Seer, "With the tallest tale, I'm sure." The rest who chortle, while the storyteller resumes. "I tell you about mountain first.."