Greyfalls' wall defenses have been shattered by the arrival of two Solars plowing on either side. However, even as the original defenders had fallen, a second wave arrives. The wall cannot be compromised, because with it siezed, a breach into the city itself could be waged. Several of the reinforcements move to clear away the ladders and grappling hooks that have sprouted upon the wall, but the rest have mustered to deal with the Solars shredding their defenses.

The principal targets of those on the wall have been the gates, and the large stocks of arrows that the defending archers draw from. Confidently Chi-Yosh makes his way toward the arrow depot, dispatching those in his way quickly and efficiently. He is stopped, however, by the sight of a figure leaping from the darkness near the walls and landing in his path, on one of the roofs of the buildings closest to the city wall. The other man wears jade armor, and is armed with a jade 'seven-section staff', difficult to wield even when a mundane weapon. The newcomer's face is calm and poised, with the serenity and confidence of an existence beyond mundane considerations such as war. "Go no further," he commands.

Chi-Yosh steadies himself on the rooftop. A stillness overcomes him, the thrum of battle peeling away - the enemy is calm, and so must be he. The reverie is held for but a moment until the Dawn's body twists and rolls, stepping to the side and leaning back in a fluid dance, all to avoid the small hail of arrows that now make a fence on the rooftop. "It is a shame we must come together in warfare, my fellow Exalt. May your Dragon patron look over you."

The other holds up his hand; the archers above withdraw, and the battle is joined.

Chi-Yosh, as though some gong had announced the battle had begun, bursts into motion. He glides down the slanted roof towards the Dragon-Blooded before crouching, feet sliding across the shingles for a moment before tense knees uncoil. Essence roils in the air about his feet as they churn in step, bringing him high into the arc, then decending. Almost on top of the warrior, the Su'Katan's body whirls, his back leg swinging around to strike at his target: the man's chest.

The monk is fast, and a blur of motion as he steps back is complemented by flashes of Essence beginning to build around him. He strays out of reach, then replies with attacks of his own, following the unheard tempo of battle beat by the drum of Mars in the Heavens.

The monk makes a fourth attack, catching Chi-Yosh off-guard as he dodges and weaves to avoid the staff's swings. The staff rings harmlessly off armor, but is loosed for a moment from the monk's grip. He instead takes advantage of the momentary opening in his opponent's defense to lightly strike Chi-Yosh's forehead. For a moment a sharp pain rings there, then the man in jade is backing off again, smirking.

Chi-Yosh's head snaps back. It doesn't save him from the hit, but the serpent's sting is nothing. He pounces forward, hanks streaking down as if to meet the monk's forehead, but he doesn't follow through. The fall continues until he's in a crouch, then lashing forward with a leg to rake upon the man's ankles.

Again the jade-clad warrior dances out of the way, leaping backward out of the way of the foot-sweep, planting one hand on the roof to support himself, and coming out of the back-flip with an expression of supreme confidence. "As expected of the Anathema," he remarks disdainfully.

Again the monk darts forward, defying Chi-Yosh's ability to evade him - his body, alive and flooded with the currents of Essence, is no mere hail of arrows, and his attacks, though again they glance harmlessly off armor, are not to be despised for their uncanny accuracy. The monk twists, ducking under a basic counterattack and regaining possession of his seven-section staff in both hands. He rises quickly as he passes, striking Chi-Yosh's forehead yet again, and again comes the ringing pain.

Chi-Yosh sways this time, infact falling to one knee. Rather then looking right at the Dragon-Blooded, his gaze is off to the side, trying to register. And as the monk comes in, the Su'Katan's ruise is shattered as he springs backwards. In a tight arch, hands plant on the roof, knees tucking into his chest before they lash out in a mighty kick.

The monk comes in for another attack; his eyes widen just a fraction, and only for a moment, as his target reacts with the kick. In response, he almost literally falls, landing on his knees and skidding beneath where the foot would otherwise connect with him, lashing out with his flexible staff in an unplanned counterattack.

The Immaculate rolls across the roof, rising back to his feet, weapon in hand. He's still smiling, as he stands behind and to the side of his adversary, a few yards distant.

Chi-Yosh's spine is wracked by the serpent's strike, dropping him to the roof onto hands and knees. This is not faring well. Rising up with serenity, the Dawn has not been fouled by humiliation, offering an almost respectful expression to the monk. And then he is sprinting. The air is rippling about him like a heatwave. As he grows closer, the man dives into a slide, his foot ripping up shingles and insulating hay in his path before the Dragon-blooded. But it is at the monk's side where twin-blades explode into the air. High low low High, each reaping lash of the kama is a splash of Sparks. As the attack builds, so does the roiling of Essence about the Solar until it is crashing waves of golden water above him, the power pouring over his frame at each attack.

Back and back, left and right, dodging each blow like a tree branch writhing in strong wind, the monk nimbly avoids the worst of the onslaught. He's cut, once, and only once, and that wound is already visibly healing as he draws back.

The monk's confidence evaporates as Chi-Yosh evades, just as nimbly, and his seven-section staff withdraws from the Su'katan's immediate vicinity as the monk withdraws to reconsider his attack.

The monk leaps away, dancing nimbly across the rooftops behind him, gaining distance from his foe. His jade armor glitters in the light of torches and glow-lamps as he lands in a tight crouch, and his poise is restored, his body language assured and ready for anything, as he rises to his feet again, turning to regard the distant Chi-Yosh over his left shoulder.

Chi-Yosh regards his retreating foe with a wary eye. A lure to force the Dawn to chase into a lain trap. Two might play at that game - there are other goals at stake this night. With a bit of a salute with his weapon, the Solar turns and begins to run across the roof in the other direction. He jumps across a small alley and continues to sprint towards the Arrow Depot, the air alive with the watery aura roiling down his form.

With the weapons stash some distance away, Chi-Yosh seeks to waste as little time as possible in reaching it. A blossom of power around him as his run is made swift as the wind.

The monk is no slouch, but alone, he can't compete with his rival's speed. Thinking quickly, he decides to take another tack instead. Running from rooftop to rooftop, he grabs hold of a plank of wood, one of the 'emergency platforms' used by the city's defenders to make or break a reliable chain of pathways across the roofs of the city. He tosses it forward, and it lands with a tottering wobble on the edge of the roof.

The monk scoops up a small keg of water as he runs, and with a supreme effort of strength, he charges onto the end of the rooftop, toward the end of the plank he tossed out. The keg is hurled through the night air, and as his foot plants itself firmly on the end of the plank, the keg explodes into a glistening shower of water, forcing the plank down sharply - and him up, and forward.

Looking over his shoulder, Chi-Yosh spots his opponent take flight. The speed of his sprint is not stopped, but harnessed; turning just enough, he charges up the side of Greyfall's wall. One step, then two and with Essence as his fuel, launches himself upwards to meet the soaring monk.

Amazingly, both bodies impact in mid-air, and begin plummeting toward the street below!

As the two Exalts collide, Chi-Yosh twists, looping his arm through the monk's. The attempt is foiled as in the tight confines, a hand latches around the Dawn's throat. Without thinking, the seven staff is snatched up, Chi-Yosh snapping it around the Dragon-Blooded's wrist and yanking the grip free while legs coil around one of the Monk's.

The monk fumbles for his staff, managing to snag it at the last second. He swings it hard, wrapping one end around the sign-post of the restaurant past which they fall, yanking the two combatants off-course. They crash with a resounding thunderclapthrough the thin window of the building itself, while their weapons continue to plummet to the street. Chi-Yosh and the Immaculate both roll, shaking themselves off as they face each other in a crouch.

The upper floor of the restaurant is a well-priced one, with low tables and the rice-paper walls to offer some semblance of privacy. Though the walls are open at the moment, this proves for a possible edge. Chi-Yosh darts to the side, swinging one to halt before the Dragon-Blooded as though a partial divide. The sound of the Exalt coming around can be heard, before he leaps through the rice-paper, snapping both feet up in a rabbit-kick.

As Chi-Yosh lands, the monk leaps backward, flipping bodily over one of the square tables. One heel hooks underneath the narrow table, catching it and flipping it as he goes; just as he's about to plant his hands on the floor behind him, his other foot lashes out to kick at the table as it rotates in the air, sending it flying rapidly toward his foe.

Chi-Yosh, as the table flips, slams his fist down on the edge of the table. As it flips, his palms smooth across the flat, lifting it with the momentum over his head and with a twist tosses it aside. "You fight well," He admits with a quick breath, coming into a ready stance.

"As expected of the Dragon-Blooded," remarks the monk crisply, darting forward. He leaps into the air, rolling and handplanting, vaulting back off the floor with a rapid kick to the face.

Chi-Yosh, as the kick comes in, springs upwards. Rather then being booted in the face, his chest is scored with all but pain. Up come his hands to plant on the Dragon-Blooded's ankles, and as he touches down, steps backwards fast and whirls with a weak grip.

The throw goes off without a hitch, at least until the point at which the monk should hit the wall. He pushes forward, absorbing the force of the blow through his arms, curling his feet forward and kicking off the wall and into a backflip. He lands on his feet, twisting rapidly.

Once more the Dawn seems to flee, turning and with two steps, leaps out the window, the shattered glass magnifying his aura in a nimbus of light before he drops out of sight.

Jade armor glints into the moonlight as the monk leaps from the window after his adversary. But the twisting aura of the Anathema is not below on the street, and as he drops a few feet, it comes out of hiding. Hands reversely gripped, Chi-Yosh swings from beneath the restaurant awning, letting go as his body turns and snapping legs like a crab's claw towards the Dragon-Blooded.

The monk is too fast, and his tumble carries him easily to the street level, away from Chi-Yosh's grasp. He turns and grins, the easy confidence of a demi-god in command.

Chi-Yosh spots his kamas, which are inconveniently behind the monk. Though a backwards glance tells him the seven-section staff is at the foot of the pole which saved them, behind the Bronze Tiger. Two backwards steps bring him almost on top of the staff, and beside the support beams to the restaurant's awning, and a water-trough. Up comes his arms in poise, patient and still as the mantis, returning the smile.

The monk's eyes follow those of his adversary, and he crouches down, scooping up both kamas and adopting a wary, defensive stance with them in his hand.

While Chi-Yosh attempts to grab him as he comes in, the Immaculate again proves how fast and agile he is, by sliding out of the way of the grasping hands. The kamas swing - one, two - and only the second swing manages to even glance against Chi-Yosh's arm, shearing a few threads from his garments.

The monk pulls back, frustrated, and hurls both kamas with great force, embedding the weapons into the wall of the restaurant behind Chi-Yosh. A grimace of distaste crosses his face, then he leaps into the air, kicking off the wall and darting into the night above.

Chi-Yosh appears stunned for the moment. Then a simple nod, before a wry chuckle escapes his lips. Neither had even made a scratch on the other, and fortunate for both sides, they had been distracted from the battle. He hopes to meet the monk again, as enemies or loose, hesitant allies. Both are possible in this war, at least he can hope. Taking up the seven-section staff, he drops it into the trough, and reclaims his weapons. There is a war to win.