The ancient ruin stands with the irregularity of ages. Here and there a few structures still linger, their walls and floors overcome with the vines of the relentless East. The central part of the ruin, though, is intact, and here the Master stands with his five associates. He begins chanting softly, weaving Essence into a tapestry of power that will cast open the gates to the world beyond. Through the archway, a mist begins gathering, stretching out to form a tunnel into white nothingness through the arch. And one by one, each Exalt steps through.

The mists fade away. Vision is restored. The five Solars, and their patron, find themselves on a platform of white marble, perhaps fifty yards to a side. It seems to hang unattended in the night air, for there are stars and naught else no matter which direction one looks. Four Ionic columns rise in majestic whiteness at each corner. The air is cold and thin, like that found at great mountain heights, and everything here is lit with a twilight from no clear source.

The most notable feature here is a pair of bronze and gold statues, or what seem to be statues. They are crafted in the shape of winged lions and are at least ten yards long, and scaled proportionately. The illusion of craftsmanship is broken when their great golden eyes open slowly. Within their gaze are slowly-spiralling galaxies and stars, and they look with the weight of the ages at the six figures who stand before them.

"I bring guests. Chosen of the Unconquered Sun," announces the Master in a clear voice. His breath becomes visible as he speaks, the steam curling up slowly into the darkened sky. "Speak the laws of Yu-Shan, that we may enter."

The twin lions incline their head. They begin to speak, moving their mouths slowly, imparting a solemnity to each word in voices as deep as the ocean. "Thou shalt do no harm to thy hosts, nor thy fellow guests. Thou shalt use no Charm or trickery to compel thy fellows. Thou shalt stay where the golden light shines, and stray not from its boundaries. Thou shalt obey those in the robes of white. As thou hath come, so shalt thou depart. If thou art given a mask, thou shalt wear it. If thou art commanded to remove it, thou shalt comply. Take not what is not thine. Presume not what is not offered. Leave not that which thou wish to keep."

Gallius listens carefully, taking mental note of the laws. Seems clear and simple. The rules are meant for children in a place that might otherwise endanger them.

Marina nods, observing the lions as they speak, measuring their words and their tones, and absentmindedly resolving to keep an eye on Ramar.

Ramar listens, attentive and silent, as good listeners should be. He nods, to signal his understanding, and after this speech is given, his eyes travel slowly over the Lions, gazing in awe even as he catches a glimpse of the cosmos within. He turns to the Master, looking to see what should be done next.

With that said, the lions begin to ponderously move, turning slowly to face each other. In their great mouths, they seize something unseen and begin to pull back. A moment later, a crack of brillian light appears, and space itself opens as twin doors begin to open, higher than any watchtower. The great gates of Yu-Shan open wider and wider as the lions tug open the invisible door-handles of the Gateway, and the city beyond can be seen at last...

Chi-Yosh is in a quiet state of awe. From the trip through the tunnel of mist until meeting the Celestial lions. Their words mean much, but nothing that the Master had not prompted them to be wary of, nor anything that he would intend to do otherwise. Eager eyes peer at the doors and what lay beyond, and in the pit of his stomach a bit of childish giddiness bubbles up.

Davron tries to prepare himself for the sights he is about to see. He has seen many wonders since his Exaltation, but thus far most of them have still been rooted in the mundane world. Tonight for the first time he will see wonders in a world apart from the one he has known... and he is filled with equal parts trepidation and eager anticipation at what he will see.

There is a quiet look of awe that spreads over Ramar's face at the sight of the light of Yu-Shan shining through the gateway. Golden brilliance cascades over him, casting his shadow behind him as the doorway to the domain of the gods themselves opens before him. His heart leaps almost to his throat, and he opens his mouth as though he were to express himself, but no words can be found now. He closes his mouth, turns, looking to his Circle-mates. He smiles at each of them in turn, and then gazes once more into the Celestial city, anticipation lighting in his eyes.

The Master walks through the open doors first. His right arm and left leg are the first through, and the first to be transformed. A flat and unseen zone of transmutation alters his clothing as he passes through it; his cloak disappears into nothingness as it enters the zone, replaced instantly as he steps over the threshold with a glowing robe of purple hues, and stitched runes that glow with their own inner light.

Ramar comes next, and he finds himself draped, as he steps past the threshold as well, in a long silver robe, open at the front, glowing softly with an inner light and embroidered with brilliant yellow runes that burn with the fiery incandescence of the sun. On his brow materializes a crown of gold, shaped into intertwined leaves, bearing three brilliant diamonds in a hollow ring on his brow, forming a circle around where his Caste Mark would shine should he choose to reveal it. He is completely attired as his feet finish passing over the line, the robes and apparel of Heaven hanging easily on him as befits his station.

As the other Solars step through, they too receive an instant fitting of glowing garments. Chi-Yosh's robes are saffron and lavender. Davron finds himself dressed in a soft orange and black. Gallius wears robes of cobalt blue and gold. Marina, like Ramar, is arrayed in silver. Each receives a golden crown as well, marking them and revealing their station. Into the city they step, and slowly the six Exalts rise from the street as a square panel of Essence rises from nothingness beneath their feet.

Marina looks around, her hands sliding down her robe, and then briefly touching her crown. She smiles, noting Ramar's similar garments, and turns to look at the Master, as she ponders the significance of the colours.

"The crowns are your signs of status," explains the Master concisely, noting exploratory fingers feeling about at the decorations. "If you are asked to wear a mask, they will hold it in place for you."

Gallius steps through in silence. Whatever she is thinking or feeling is held tightly in check and buried behind a mask of bald acceptance. What is, is, and it will be measured later as a whole.

Chi-Yosh mimics Marina's gestures, but he seems yet again impressed. He is not used to such finary, but for once he is comforted and humble within; he is among kings and gods. When in Yu-Shan...

_I had not been in these fineries when I stepped through_ briefly occupies Ramar's thoughts before the panel of Essence opens before them, and the city spreads out in all directions around him. He glances to each of his comrades in turn, noting their colours and noting their crowns and their fineries. "Wow..." he expresses, summing up many thoughts in one brief, concise word. "This somehow feels right, feels proper," he explains, as the silvery robe drapes about him. He nods to the Master, who has explained things, "Thank you. Are there other aspects to our clothing we should be aware of?"

"They are no protection against attack," says the Master, smiling. "But any who break the peace here will have paid a very dear price indeed to attempt to kill you. I doubt any of you have such enemies - yet. Aside from that they reflect your station in the Celestial Hierarchy. Do not dishonor them. I know you will not." He smiles, himself. "I am proud of you all," he adds, in a strangely human voice.

Davron nods. "Masks will be _chosen_ for us, then... by whom, may I ask?" He smiles wryly. "Or shall it be simpler to let us wait to be shown the answer?"

"Those with the authority to, Davron," the Sidereal sage replies. "You may find yourselves giving others masks, perhaps... But you will understand soon."

The boulevard ahead is infinitely long. At least, so it seems to the five Solars in their celestial raiment, as a glowing square of light carries them in the fashion of a conveyance past building after building, each more varied and decorated than the last. Lines of fire stretch along the sides of the street, and the golden glow from the platform of Essence beneath their feet joins with it to cast weird and fantastic shadows across the buildings as they pass. "These are the dwellings of the least gods, but most of them are now abandoned," explains the Master, calmly.

The city is breathtakingly beautiful. Where mortal architects and artisans would be forced to rely on brick, wood, and other such crude materials, the immortal builders of Heaven have precious metals, gems, living trees, and even water that holds its position and shape as the tools of their craft. They have wrought cunningly. Overhead, stars sparkle in the sky like brilliant diamonds.

"Forgive me for my curiosity, Master, but I should wonder, that I might know how to react to others, and to perhaps gauge the reactions of others to me, what these diamonds and crowns mean in terms of our station, in terms of our position here, as it were, and how it might help us to relate to others?" Ramar takes the time to phrase his question carefully, ensuring that he doesn't reflect any sort of neglect on the Master's part, or any sort of impatience on Ramar's part. A mere question, if an important one.

"Hmmm..." The Master thinks for a moment, trying hard to understand how to summarize the situation. "More diamonds means a greater mastery of Essence," he says, settling finally. Pointing to his own brow, he adds, "Not all who come here are kings. Some of us are merely advisors and counsellors."

Gallius speaks softly, "And yet no king can rule without such."

Marina smiles at Gallius. "Every king needs advisors, and every advisor needs a king?"

"I believe I understand that. Thank you Master, for your answer," Ramar bows respectfully to the Sidereal, and then turns to glance once more at the breathtakingly beautiful city that stretches out before him. "If I might ask... why are most of these buildings now abandoned? Or is asking such a thing not considered terribly proper?"

Chi-Yosh smiles towards the Master. "Sometimes an unburdened brow is better then one weighted with a crown. Without the load, you can have a level head to lead those who don't."

"Many of the gods who dwelt here have lost their place. Many more have abandoned it. The Celestial Hierarchy was meant to work in tandem with the Exalted; with the fall of the First Age, the Hierarchy lost its way." The Sidereal sighs a bit. "This regrettable state of affairs must be remedied."

Gallius answers to Ramar, "Is it not clear that all now is in chaos? Even here, it seems the emptiness can reach."

Davron nods. "So all are arrayed according to their standing in the Hierarchy," he says quietly to himself, and smiles. Rather than ask his next question, he decides to let it be a challenge - to see if he can guess, on his own, the station of the other guests based on their raiment. Though if it becomes a matter of import, he will ask someone knowledgeable rather than jump to a conclusion.

Finally the golden platform ceases its motion, and the six Exalts step out into a vast courtyard or park, ringed with three sets of lights: the noble gold of the sun, the pale silver of the moon, and the varihued and five-braided rainbow of the Maidens. Hundreds of beings throng this park, and the senses reel for a moment as the superabundance of diversity begins to truly be appreciated. Here, a god cast of molten lava speak calmly with an ethereal being whose eyes are lit up with lightning. There, a six-winged man with dragon's talons converses casually with a trio of girls who look no more than ten summers old, but whose words hint at ancient wisdom. In one corner, a male figure of living and animate bronze, his skin covered with the runes of earth and treasure, whispers intimate promises into the ear of a patient and androgynous figure, whose face and figure are concealed by the long and dark robes of a monk.

Some of those gathered here are masked. Many more are not. Among the faces, the Solars can discern a few that appear entirely mortal, and on the brow of each is a crown of some kind, similar in some fashion to that which the Circlemates themselves wear. Likewise, some of humanity's get here are robed as the Solars are, though some wear monochromatic robes of white, purple, blue, or other shades. Many of those in such robes are also masked, hiding the crown they must certainly be wearing, and hiding also the face beneath that crown.

Gallius reviews the mix of familiar and bizarre with as casual a grace as a Zenith can. She says casually, "Let us make the most of this time here. But do not forget utterly, my friends, that this is supposed to be enjoyable, as well." And with that, she moves forward.

Following Gallius forward, Marina smiles. Concentrating her essence a little to seek out the social eddies, she moves behind Gallius, remembering an earlier conversation that suggested meeting many people ...

As he steps into the mix of the familiar and the unimaginable, Ramar turns his head, an almost surreal look to him as he strides among them, looking not out of place, yet not in place, blending where he might. Essence abounds, in this area, and Ramar's own senses slip into the soft streams that eddy about this park, perceiving the subtle hints and gestures of the social venue. Shortly thereafter his other senses open to the whisperings of the Essence. "Wow," he states once more, simply, looking once more to his Circle mates even as they make their own preparations and observations. "So where shall we go first?"

Davron takes in the scene wide-eyed, slowly turning back and forth. "So much... it's hard to know where to begin." He turns to the Master, one last question pressing on his mind. "Should we be lost... where shall we turn for guidance?"

Gallius allows herself a brief smile, but then the mask she rarely removes returns, and she leads the way. Her eyes weigh quickly, and it seems her first path leads her towards those dressed in robes of single colors. Politely she shall wait to be noticed, inclining her head to those who might look her way, but saying nothing.

Chi-Yosh is still. Rather then the casualness of the Zenith, he is marveling but not struck dumb. A glance to Ramar and Davron, silently telegraphing his interest. He starts to drift through the crowd, looking at others with glancing eyes to comb their form in curousity, but not staring too long to be rude. This is a time to suck up everything like a sponge. Though Ramar's words catch his ear, and he returns to the Circle lest there be any deliberation.

"If you seek guidance, reach out and touch those," directs the Master, pointing at the rivers of golden light that border the festival's grounds on most sides. "You will receive directions"

Marina nods, remembering the directions about the golden light, and deciding not to step past the rivers.

The faces and voices here are strange, but Marina and Gallius soon learn that the tides of society flow just as freely in these waters. Both women are welcomed cordially, regardless of how outlandish or inhumanly beautiful (or monstrous) their fellow celebrants may be. A few glowering looks can be seen from a pack of armored and haughty men gathered around a heart-stoppingly beautiful woman of green skin and hair, who flashes appreciative smiles at those who look at her. "The Terrestrial Exalted," murmurs an unfamiliar voice, off to the side. "They had to beg to get in here.. from their Immaculate lapdog allies."

Not turning to look at the voice, Marina marks it, marking its owner at the edge of her vision. She's not really surprised by the comment, of course, used to being denigrated as a negotiator. In a strange sense, it doesn't even rankle. Instead she wonders if she will encounter others she has met before.

Gallius nods to the comments made of the terrestrials. "Such a waste, it seems, to come to this place to glare in displeasure." She introduces herself politely, "I am the Lady who moves through Tears and Memory. It is a pleasure to meet you, friends."

Several minutes pass before a few robed men gather about the Master, speaking to him in low tones. He waves briefly to his charges, then disappears with his compatriots, passing through the crowd and off into the distance.

"Welcome to you," one of those near Gallius says. "We are the Fishers. You may find us in the West, for one of your kind did us a great service before departing, and we will ever return favors." As one, the trio of these robed men bow politely.

"Ah, it looks as though we are on our own," muses Ramar, who is unable to mask the grin spreading on his face as he walks about, surveying the pockets of minglers gathering, taking the time to get a feel for the ebb and flow of the crowd. "Then let us make the most of things," says Ramar, glancing about, and giving a departing nod to Gallius and Marina.

Gallius bows deeply in return, "If I should run into the setting sun I shall come to you, and only accept what favors you would allow me to repay in kind. For upon us bears the weight of much sadness, and only through effort may it be dispelled."

Marina looks torn, as she watches Ramar depart. Somehow, she isn't sure if she should follow Gallius' lead, or stay with Ramar for the nonce. She mutters under her breath, then shrugs. Let the gosling flee the nest.

Davron can't imagine where to begin. A city of wonders... and five days to explore it in. He nods to his fellows as they go their separate ways, and sets off. His eyes are drawn to the works of art as he passes, admiring the craftsmanship of the materials and, in many cases, the flows of Essence that maintain them when nature's law would bid them fall to pieces, and he wonders whether he will someday be able to learn such secrets for himself.

There is a sense of a plan in Chi-Yosh's mind: circle the courtyard, then transverse all the Streets of the Gods. Even with part of Yu-Shan selected for their travels, the place is rumored to be the size of the Blessed isles; with events and the needed requirements of the body, surely he will have to work to see everything. With the Circle disintegrating, he can only go his own way, and while in the casual swim through the courtly waters, spies those of likely conversation. If not for now, then always for later.

Together and separately, Marina and Gallius listen, talk, and listen further. They encounter a pair of spirits at last, one a man of blue skin and white bird's feathers, the other a woman whose skin looks like spun glass, and whose body seems almost like glowing water trapped in the vial of her crystal flesh. "... And so it is that we have come to be worshipped throughout the northern Scavenger Lands," one is explaining to a few fellows nearby. The man catches sight of Gallius and Marina together, and falls to his knees, tears welling to his eyes suddenly. His partner follows suit, and those beings around them back away, turning in surprise or embarrassment. "The Chosen of the Sun," the male whispers. "It was one of you who gave us new life.. And we must yet give our thanks for the deed!"

After a quick glance at Gallius, who seems no more likely to recognize these spirits, Marina steps forward, offering her hands to lift the two spirits off their knees. She smiles, kindly. "Come, will you tell us of this?"

Gallius looks to Marina and considers in a flash. "Please rise, friends. There is no need. We are Chosen and we do what we are meant to do. If you would thank us, remember the deeds done and aid us in the restoration of what was and will be again." She nods to Marina, considering these spirits carefully.

"We were lost, when Thorns fell.. our worshippers.. died, or were turned.. But a warrior of the Dawn gave us his blessing, when we were without succor, lost in Great Forks.. He wished us a safe return to Heaven, and gave us a gift of Essence.." The man sighs happily. "My sister and I, we found our way home at last. It was ... he was our omen of good fortune, and he brought us out of the city, giving us a gift of his Manse so that we could regain our strength again."

Gallius smiles at the spirits and bows her head, "Many of us labor now to repair the damage that alas! was our own doing in ages past. There is honor in such deeds, but we do not do them for recognition. It is enough to hear that you have been restored. I hope that your joy lasts throughout the ages."

"I am the watcher of the waters," explains the male. "And my sister is their keeper. We were protectors, guardians of the city. We purified its well-water and gave blessings to its rivers, so that trade would flow freely." The female speaks, then. "Births, too, and the lives of the people. We protect them now, as we were meant to, and we have been given our place back! Please, come and see us, would you? We would be so honored to receive you!"

"If time allows us to come to see you, great spirits, we will," says Gallius, bowing deeply. "When we come we shall bring such gifts as are fitting for you and your people. I hope that the time is not long before we may see all the great works you have done."

Bowing deeply, Marina looks up again and smiles. "Indeed, great spirits, I eagerly anticipate the day when we shall meet again." Her eyes glow, a little, as she ponders possible futures. "And perhaps one day ... one day we may visit regularly?"

"We will wait for you in the Eastern Threshold, then," enthuses the female. "Seek us out in Melevhil. Yes, you would certainly be welcome whenever you came."

"Thank you." Marina looks, feels, and sounds touched at this welcome, warm as it is. She smiles, her head tilting at the carnival around them. "But for now, great spirits, we feast, and dance, and enjoy the masquerade?"

Gallius smiels at the spirits and offers her hands, both open, but not empty. In each is a single blade of grass. There is nothing special about these blaes, save that they come from Roleyn. "Please accept these, and know that those you care for will always find shelter and welcome in a land of rolling plains and faithful riders."

The man holds out his hands, and into them materializes a mask, made of glittering jewels and aquamarine. "Take this in trade," he offers, smiling. "Wear it when you see spirits of the deep, and they will receive you well." The offering of grass is accepted, and as it is held in the woman's hand, it slowly becomes wet and alive as dew springs forth upon it.

Gallius takes the mask and puts it on. "Until we meet again," she says simply, bowing deeply and moving out again amongst the crowd.

A quiet moment, as memories cloud Marina's mind. These, perhaps, will someday offer the safety her brothers lacked. Then she smiles, and drops a low bow. "Until we meet again, great spirits, I give you honour, and my friendship."

They happily return the gesture, and smile widely. The woman nods, "we will meet again.. I assure you," before the two fade into the crowd.

All of the sudden a sound more pure than any heard on earth rises. For a moment it dangles there, clear and beautiful in its own right. Just as abruptly as it sounded it is joined by a tide of voices, some familiar, others haunting and utterly unreal. Amongst this cacophony of sounds there is light and then dancing as the party grows more lively.

Amongst this dancing several circles form, and soon every dancer has a place, adding to those about them. There is a grace here that defies shape and function, as creatures bulky and cumbersome move at their own pace amongst the most fleet and light-footed of dancers. Through this moves one who seems eager to be seen even here, amongst wonders. She is clade in robes of purple and grey, and upon her brow rests a crown of five diamonds. As she moves visions dance around her of fountains over the desert and sun on the frost.

Marina stops at the edge, admiration opening her eyes as she follows the dancer. Or perhaps it's the visions she follows.

Chi-Yosh's not to far to witness the spectacle of the dancing and merriment. He is not one known to dance, but it is worth an effort; the worst which might happen is he could be seen a fool. Still, drawing closer, he watches the festivities with a foot tapping to the beat.

The music and the dancers flow like fire, moving faster through the space of Yu-Shan. And then there is a sudden change. As if they all knew precisedly this music the most skilled of the dancers stop while those about them go on as if nothing at all had changed. The dancers are still, arms wrapped about themselves, and as they music moves slowly their hands raise to the sky, and over each of them is seen the brilliance of the glowing sun. As if a cloud were drawn away their crowns suddenly blaze with light. Odd as it may seem, here all feet may dance, and even those who are slow on their feet find a part, a place where their beauty is revealed.

Davron turns his attention from the pre-crafted artistry of the city's architecture to the living artistry of the music and dance. He almost feels moved to join in himself, but fears that he will appear clumsy and uncouth amidst the grace shown by the other dancers. Besides, he tells himself, the Unconquered Sun's glory is being carried quite well by one of the members already in the dance. Yes, quite well indeed... and then the music changes, and he wonders if he might join in after all.

_Dancing_ remarks Ramar, as the circles that begin to form end up nearly intersecting with his wanderings. _It has been some time... a long time since I last danced, still... why not? It would not cause harm to those gathered, nor do I believe I shall bring any great embarassment to myself or others..._ after some careful consideration, Ramar's head bows, and as his foot begins tapping, he finds himself joining the firey flow of dancers, his feet moving as he directs himself among them, navigating the stream of dancers as though it were a river, and he but one rafter upon it. From partner to partner he dances, bringing others together where he travels.

Through all this Rumika moves, one of the hubs in her area. It seems the duty of the dancers to move slowly now, and she steps further out from her center, and with her moves the dance and the light, and more feet remember their places still. The dance spreads, and spirits one by one join. And some sing, voices rising, creating a melody that bears in it the depths of the oceans, the whole breadth of the earth, the brilliance of the stars, moon, and the sun. Rumika's path draws her further out still, and her eyes move as if searching, now.

Davron gathers up his courage and begins to step into the dance, moving to the beat, slowly at first. In his uncertainty, he looks to his fellow Solar for encouragement and guidance, letting himself be caught up by the music and the song as best he can...

Seeing more of his Circle moving into the dance, Chi-Yosh gathers the courage to enter. Piercing the dance floor's edge, it begins. Like a small trickling stream it is simply a glide, trying to find the grace in the slow waters. Then enters small gestures, handmotions, steps and slight turns. Each solitary at first, but as more are added, they become a pattern in the growing river. Feeling the music rush across every part like the embrace of the water, its' rapids lead, the pace picking up with each part of the puzzle falling into place, quicker and broader as the pace is raging, then beginning to slow tranquily in the calming periods.

At some unseen sign the music shifts and soon the sounds of brass and string are clear, as well as countless shapes and forms of reed instruments. In Yu-Shan, not even pebbles are deaf to the music given power here. To this, the dancers call out for joy, their motions becoming whimsical, almost comical in their strange responses to the rapture of sound. Davron finds himself suddenly face to face with one of the dancers. She is Rumika, and she smiles at him, her dance snaking its way around him and above her head her arms wave and move first side to side, then crazily to the beat of one of the many underlying themes that form the Great Song here. With voices like children the dancer's rejoin the song, their words seemingly formed of naught but laughter and the cries of children made joyous by some unnamed wonder.

Still watching, Marina hums quietly, content to watch and to add to the music rather than the movement ...

Davron gives the comely lass a bashful smile in return, and, although he dare not try to mimic her astonishingly graceful movements, he proceeds in his own manner to harmonize as best he can. The normally serious young Solar finds it difficult at first to adapt to the light-hearted beat of the music, although to be sure Rumika's radiant smile makes this easier.

As the dance wears on, pace slowing and quickening, so does Ramar, though his path is often one worn to the counterpoints within the music. His pace accents and compliments the tempo and the flow of the others, yet it is not quite the same. Here now, he sees his friends joining in and laughs, giving a broad smile to his Circle mates as he dances past each of them, whirling to find someone with whom he might dance, someone that will travel through the stream of dancers with him.

And the song slowly slips into what is not an end, but a background, one that was there all along, but somehow unnoticed. Voices are softer, strings and woodwinds with only the most carefully muted of brass. The dancers are much the same, limiting their motions, but moving still to the sound even as they speak. Davron's unlikely dance partner says, "I am the dancer among great songs. Yet perhaps you might use a simpler name that I once favored. Rumika, you can call me, if you will it. And yet this is not the first time I have met you."

Davron whispers, "Rumika..." repeating the name to himself. So enchanted was he by the dance that he nearly gives his own name, but at the last minute the Master's warning manages to recall itself. "I fear you have the advantage of me then. I cannot remember having met you before..." he says, and smiles. "But I would be honoured to make your acquaintance anew," sketching a bow, "and perhaps to renew my memory when the time comes."

"You do not remember, because you were never there," answers Rumika. She laughs, then, dancing for just a moment about Davron, "You are patient and careful! That is good. I could never teach anyone who was not at least a little careful." She pauses mid-step, grinning at Davron, "But how careful, I wonder. I hope not too much. That would be dreadfully boring, and then I'd have to educate you even more, and we hardly want that." With a grin that might scare Davron a bit, she debates with herself, "But maybe we do, hmm?"

Davron does indeed take a step back. "What... what is it you propose to teach me... Rumika?" he asks in quiet bewilderment, watching this strange girl dance about him, his head turning this way and that as she circles around him.

The music, and the crowd, go suddenly silent as a loud whistle erupts from somewhere. The source of it becomes obvious, as a man strides out of one of the buildings erected on the carnival grounds. He is distinctive mostly for the radiant golden aura that shines about his entire body, but also for his stern countenance, the golden armor he wears and the four arms that hold his tools and weapons of war. He whistles again, pressing two fingers to his mouth, then makes a quick and jerking beckoning gesture with two hands, directed at the crowd in general. Most of the spirits part; others, those robed in the colored robes and bearing the golden crowns, begin lining up. The words "Special honor guard, form up on both sides of the avenue," can be heard resonating through the minds of each of the Solars. The warrior continues walking, joined after a moment by a smiling young man and five lovely women, each emerging from the building after him.

Chi-Yosh has a thrill which races through his system. It is he. The Unconquered Sun. Post Haste is made to the lineup, and for the first time the Su'Katan is concerned with his appearance, making a slight fuss of straightening his robes after the dance. It's a rather comic sight because he's not used to doing it. Then he straightens up, attempting to become resigned and stoic in his stance behind the solar before him and before the one behind.

Gallius hears the call and moves off, joined by others. Even Rumika hears the call and grabs for Davron's hand. She will lead him to the proper place, if allowed. It would seem she at least has a clue of what is happening.

Marina steps quietly and gracefully into line, finding her place by the eddies around her and the movement of the solars surrounding her. Her eyebrow rises for a moment, as she recognizes the Unconquered Sun, before she looks down, concentrating on minding her manners.

Davron has already begun to form some guesses when Rumika takes hold of his hand, and he allows himself to be led, watching in wonder. Could it really be?

_Curious... what could this be?_ Although as the words echo through Ramar's mind, there is little doubt in mind as to what it is he is supposed to do, or what it is that is occuring. With a swift turn, one that causes the silvery robes to catch the light flowing out now and disperse it in Ramar;s wake, he heads towards the street. A place opens up for him to take, and take it he does, head bowing respectfully as he forms this 'special honor guard' he has been called to take part in. Awe fills Ramar's mind, and tears well in his eyes as... as... they come walking down the street.

The woman who heads the procession that approaches the Carnival of Masks' grounds is more alive than anyone else that the celebrants have ever seen. Her eyes are green, the shade of life, and her face, though not so much beautiful, is comely and fair. She walks calmly, deliberately, leading a mass of people who look to be mortal. All of them are dressed in the plainest robes of gray, and all look about them with amazement and wonder. The woman smiles gently, inclining her head, and as one, the four-armed warrior and his entourage lower their heads in return, though a hint further than the new arrival. Respect has been shown. "Welcome, Gaia," booms the voice of the Unconquered Sun, Helios. "Welcome to Carnival."

Gallius has remained stoic through most of this carnival thus far, but this is too much. Her jaw drops open and she gasps, admiring Helios and Gaia with wide eyes. She knew, somehow, who they were, and yet.. here they are. The real master she serves is here.

Some of those that Gaia has brought with her begin fanning out, and the Unconquered Sun claps twice. "Honor guard, dismissed. Mingle as you wish," commands his voice, echoing in each Solar breast and making itself heard to his chosen. Many of the newcomers gather around Solars, or other spirits. Five of them head for Marina, while one in particular singles out Gallius.

Seeing the five approaching men, Marina looks thoughtful, and then confused, certain now that she recognizes ... her brothers?

Stepping forward, joy suffusing her countenance, Marina opens her arms wide, offering haven within them for all five men, even as she cries out ... checking her voice in a moment, determined not to gift their names to others.

Gallius remains standing as if enchanted. If she even breathes she does not know. Alive, dead, she holds in her mind still the image of Helios and Gaia, her eyes staring out even as she is approached. She is only roused when her sister reaches out to touch her hand, rousing her gently from the dream. And then she wonders still if she has awoken. "Sister?" she murmurs. "I am here," she is answered. With a sudden laugh Gallius embraces her sister tightly and tears of joy pour from her eyes.

A third whistle splits the air, and as the Unconquered Sun disappears down another avenue, with Gaia in tow, his silent voice reaches his Chosen once again. "I have heard your thoughts. Join us on the Avenue of Sorrows. Bring companions, if you have them."

One by one, the Solars begin walking behind their master and patron. Singly, in groups, some accompanied by those that have come with Gaia. They walk in silence or in tearful, whispered conversation.

_I dare not..._ Ramar glances once more towards the Unconquered Sun, and the entourage thereabouts. _No..._ And Ramar does turn from the sight of them, not wishing to stare. A broad smile is worn on his face though, and when he notes Marina's party, and Gallius' visitors, the tears in his eyes flow freely. If just for a moment. He is looking around for others to talk to as the words echo through his mind. He moves to follow the Unconquered Sun down the Avenue of Sorrows, trusting in the words of the one who Chose him.

Rumika stands aside as the chosen of Gaia come near, not wanting to interfere. There are no guests for her, this time. She cannot stand still, of course, and moves her feet to the rythm of her spirit.

Chi-Yosh is filled with the knowledge that Gaia has brought the people embraced with death to meet with their loved ones. He spies Ramar and follows the man, clapping him on the back. Let the two make the venture together, for they have none to walk the road with. He entertains the Eclipse with a hushed, excited conversation about all the wonders they have all ready seen, what more could be in store?

Davron watches the crowd as it disperses, and sees the reactions of his compatriots to those that meet them. He murmurs softly to himself. "Is that what Gaia..." he begins, but a familiar voice rouses him forcefully from his musing. "Son... is that you?" says an older man, and Davron whirls around, eyes wide as saucers. Wordlessly, the young Solar steps toward his father and holds him in a tearful embrace. "Sorry... I'm so sorry..." he murmurs.

As the men crowd close, Marina touches their faces, her hands filled with the touch and feel of one brother and then another, before she comes to her father at the last. He looks younger, now, and not so worn, with a new spirit in his eyes as he looks at her. She swallows, once, then caresses his face too, before listening to the words of the Unconquered Sun behind her eyes. "Come, my brothers, and come, my father, for we are summoned to the Avenue of Sorrows ..."

It seems that Ramar is curiously silent at this time. His eyes are wells of tears for the moment, as he watches the dead and the living reunited once more, and the simple joys and the sorrows, and the wash of everything in the air is almost too much for him to bear. A smile does form on his face, as joy wins out in the room, the others reunited. "It is a wonder to see, Chi-Yosh, I can only think that more awaits us. Let us see what is on the Avenue of Sorrows, first..."

Gallius goes hand-in-hand with Kirri to answer the summons of Helios. The two look at each other, saying nothing for now. It is enough just to be together one more time, even if it cannot last for very long.

The procession walks carefully, with people conversing amongst themselves. Here and there, lone Solars dry their eyes and whisper things to each other, clapping each other on the back in fierce camaraderie as they witness those who have come together. A few of the Sun's Chosen whisper things to the five: "It's good to have them back, even for Calibration...." "Your first time to meet Gaia's chosen?" "Is this real? I've only been Exalted a few months, I never dreamed... but how long have you lived?" The party stops, listening to the music coming from the Carnival grounds, and noting that the only lights which ring the Avenue now are those of radiant gold.

Chi-Yosh grows silent, more in respect for the somber moments around them. Ramar is in no need to be cheered up. But he is calmed in knowing that those that fall whom he will hold dear will be met in Calibration until his death.

Rumika waits patiently. She isn't about to let Davron out of her sight, but she's wise enough to wait. The carnival is just starting, after all.

"These who are with you now must return to their lives with me, in time," calls a clear and beautiful voice, Gaia's voice. "But for now I have brought them here, in their dreams. They are My Chosen, those who had no further business in Creation and made the decision to pass on. Be with them, for they return with me at the end of Calibration." Helios too, smiles, nodding with a pleasurable smile on his face as he watches his assembled soldiers reuniting with those they thought lost. And now the dead - or once-dead - continue speaking, as the solemnity of the occasion begins to wear away and the simple human custom of conversation assumes control of the affair.

"We are alive again, in Gaia," murmurs Kirri, to Gallius. "We have new lives.. and when we pass on, we are reborn, in time.. Like you, I suppose. I was told what you are, sister."

Gallius smiles at Kirri, "I am glad you are here," she whispers. "Seeing you in bliss frees my heart. My sister, there are so many things to tell."

_Interesting. The dead have their own chosen... yet these are not of the Deathlords... their taint does not reach here, no... here there is only peace and love, it seems. What is it that Gaia does with the dead?_ More questions flood Ramar's mind, though, and he nods to Chi-Yosh. "It is an interesting path which has brought us all here today, it seems that even at the parting of death, some paths may cross once more... a wonder to behold. Come, let's see if we cannot find a few companions, and see if perhaps we cannot bridge the gaps between those who have none of Gaias chosen to meet with for the time being?" He moves towards the other Solars, giving greetings to his fellow Chosen as they give greetings to him.

Smiling, Davron's father too has things to tell him. "Gaia has shown us another world.. She cannot change humanity, though, I fear. We live in a place without demons or the Fae, though we still whisper to each other of such things. We are not bound to fear shadows, but we still hate and kill each other... Perhaps there truly is no salvation for us, but I am told by others that their existence is more merciful by far.."

Davron nods sadly to his father. "Perhaps I work in vain, then, when I try to bring an end to strife amongst the living." He smiles bravely. "But better to try and fail than never to try at all. And if I've learned nothing else, it's that failing to act, when I _must_ act, is the worst mistake of all."

Chi-Yosh nods to Ramar. He was to suggest the very same thing, but the Eclipse is rather good with words, swift too, and has read his mind. THe Su'Katan spots someone in paticular, the dancer whom had weaved within the dance and she who was speaking to Davron. A slight nudge to Ramar, before the Dawn walks across the Avenue, now as at home in his robes of the Coming of the Light as he would be in the simple normal garb he owns.

Gallius and her sister begin to share stories. Of course Kirri is most interested in all that she can hear of Roleyn. Oh her father, of Casus, of the wanderings of Gallius, as well.

Rumika just stands by, waiting very patiently for Davron. She of course understands that she will probably get very little of his attention until this carnival is over. But there is much time after that. He still will find it hard to get out of her sight while he is here, though. Can't lose him when she just found him!

Marina shares her life, and her stories with her brothers and her father as she walks. Her voice is quiet, designed only to carry to her family, and even so her tales are couched in old memories and tales, using them to mask her news. Only of the Master does she speak forthrightly; the master, and the new Circle. For those, it seems, she has no old memories that can tell new stories.

Meanwhile, Ramar and Chi-Yosh have moved among their fellows, whispering quietly. Most of the Solars remain masked, though, and conversations are strained with the fear of what awaits all of them when they return to Creation. Still... hints are laid. Plans are made. And the unspoken agreement of the Solars hangs in the air. Regain Creation. Or die trying.

Davron glances around the room, wondering how his companions are doing with their fallen comrades and kin. As his eyes scan the room, they fall upon Rumika's once more, to find her looking right at him. He startles briefly, then gives her a cheerful if somewhat sheepish smile and nod. Simple gestures, but he does his best to convey a sense of _yes, you have my attention, and I hope you'll understand that my family comes first, but later there will be time..._

Rumika nods to Davron. "I'll be waiting," she says simply, and then she turns to go mingle. Might as well have a bit of fun, since Davron doesn't seem likely to try to run away. Not like he could evade her for long if he wanted to!

As Ramar moves through the crowds, laying the careful foundations for what may hopefully be better acquaintances, or even future friends, he is nudged in the direction of Rumika. Although the whispered plans, and the careful hints do not fail to escape him. A rather chilled, sense of worry fills him for the time being, though he is careful not to let it seep through the smile he wears on his face. _The world is changing soon, and I must change with it, if I hope to change it myself._ And it is with this realization that Ramar's mind begins to calm. _What will be will be, and now is not the time to worry just yet. Save that for when you're hungry but don't have a meal... after all, there is nothing like worry to ruin an appetite._ There is a soft chuckle at this last thought, and Ramar's worry is shattered. He nods, and upon reaching Rumika at last, a greeting is given, if a simple one. "Hello."

Seeing someone just walk up makes Rumika smile. Mmm, yes, she so loves attention. "Hey there," she says casually, her voice coming out nearly as a purr. "And here I was worried that everyone would just sit around and talk shop all carnival. Glad that we're getting some fun times in. People are so very feverish when they come. It's like they are all first-timers." She laughs softly, "Then again, don't think I've seen you here before. You can call me Rumika, if you like." She doesn't seem to mind handing that alias out, anyway.

Chi-Yosh is calmed in the fact that his brothers and sisters of the Chosen are here, and that they too see the goal that he has. Sure, their desires may vary, but it is the overall purpose the Unconquered Sun has chosen for them to do. He lets Ramar do the talking for now, to set the foundations and pleasantries. But later, the Dawn will hunt down his fellow Solars, for a pact and a friendship is ment to be made one to one. "Greetings, Rumika." Chi-Yosh offers what could pass as a courtsey with the great gown, a playful smile finding him. "I am the Guardian of the Wood."

"Then that is what I shall call you," replies Ramar, though he is careful not to give out an alias of his own just yet. A smile is on his face, "It occurs to me that many of them are indeed first-timers, and as to whether or not you've seen me here, I cannot say for certain, Rumika, though it is most assuredly an interesting meetingm and a pleasant one" A soft laugh, "As are all, I am sure, in this Carnival of Masks. It seems that there is so much to see and do, would you not agree?"

Rumika curtseys deeply to Chi-Yosh, her voice soft as she replies to him and then to Ramar, "It is good to meet you, Woodguard. And you as well, Guardedtongue." It seems she will invent names if the ones given do not suit. "There is much indeed, but be patient. After many times I can tell you that rushing spoils the beauty. This place is not going anywhere, after all. We have time."

"... And flying machines, and sorceries of illusion, and all manner of..." can be overheard here, while there, another of the chosen of Gaia relates his own fantastic stories to his overjoyed compatriot. ".. then the Primus Pilum told me I was..." Here and there, tales are swapped, and hearts are brought closer together. And through it all, Gaia and the Unconquered Sun only smile at each other. "It'll all be made right soon," he murmurs to her. "It better be," is her reply. "I don't think I can manage all these crazy people much longer."