While scowering the Tomb of Singing Blades proved fruitful in arms, Chi-Yosh has yet found what he needs. While his kamas have served him well, he needs something else, one with the golden gift of Orichalcum which will help harness his own gifts. Without time to make his own or even have Davron warm the forge inside of Defiler's Grave, the Solar instead seeks to barter one of the bounties from the Tomb. His first stop is Pai Tao, seeking the advise of the Scavenger Lord as to where he might find the particlar item. While the Council may have a store of various artifacts, the Solar seeks to find others first.

Pai Tao is not one to approach for such wonders, but he knows a woman - a girl, really - called Rabbit, who lives in the underbelly of Nexus. She is hard to find, and harder to pin down, but shows of good faith to the inhabitants as the two Solars humbly make their way through the subterranean tunnels and black avenues of the undercity make headway in time.

The girl has dirty blonde hair, almost pale white, and somewhat prominent teeth. A starry-eyed air of simplicity mingles with the insouciant, cunning air of a Nexus denizen, and this strange creature listens with care to the brief, hushed explanation Chi-Yosh offers, while the three crouch low underneath a decaying stone bridge.

"I may know where to find a thing like that, a what-do-you-call it? Those things look too complicated to use, and you're an idiot for wanting to try it, but I may have a lead on one anyway," whispers the girl, wiggling her nose in delight at holding even a sliver of power over a pair of powerful men.

Chi-Yosh draws a crude likeness of the Serpent-Sting Staff in the muck they perch above, and repeating the name. "I may very well be an idiot. But, I am an idiot that can repay you for the help," He assures with a grin.

"Show me what you have in trade," insists the girl, hissing.

"Ahh... but then you only may know where to find such a thing..." replies Ramar, with a bit of a grin. He ponders the girl, suspiciously "Why should we show you our hand, when you've yet to say anything but that you _may_ know, hmm?"

"I was wrong, you aren't an idiot," the girl mumbles. "Alright, well, I'll return here in an hour. You come too, and bring your goods. We'll settle up."

The stipulated hour passes. Rabbit returns, in the company of several hefty and powerful men. She also bears, carefully wrapped, what Chi-Yosh finds is truly a seven-section staff, a weapon he remembers training with briefly in his village - weapons that could be made of wood were highly valued in the East, especially segmented ones that folded easily and were concealed without great effort. Rabbit, in turn, gleefully claims the great golden axe, only to lose her strength and fall, wide-eyed, to the ground as it drags her down. Chi-Yosh and Ramar leave her behind, listening to the competition among the strong men - "however can wield this axe will forfeit their debt to me!" is the clever young girl's offer, and neither Solar expect anyone will claim that prize.

---

Davron's journey has been anything but pleasant in one sense, and anything but difficult in another. He found himself deposited in one of the Nation's member-states, along with a signed and sealed order from the lightning-bolt of action that is Gallius. It authorizes him to take command of a single flat-bottomed cargo barge, and promises considerable bonuses for its crew, to be paid out of the Nation's treasury. Since then he's used the magic of the Celestial Circle to animate the thing twice, watching with the crew in amazement as bright white wings sprouted from the hull and effortlessly brought the craft into the air. North, to Yurgen's city of bones and brass, then south, to the deep desert, following the ancient songline of the Lunars to a depression in the sands where none can observe.

Unpleasant the journey has been in that the scholarly Solar has felt extremes of temperature unheard-of by most travelers, in a very short amount of time, and no sooner has his body adapted to one clime than he's forced into the next by the relentless speed of the barge as it streaks through the sky and scatters herds of carefree clouds before it. The effort required has been minimal; enact a sorcery, then wait for the journey to complete itself. More than once Davron has suspected a member of the crew to be in cahoots with the Realm, or at least sympathetic to it, but so far none have shown active disloyalty. It lingers as merely a suspicion.

One week has been spent mastering a peculiar bit of sorcery, as Davron peruses the Black Treatise and reads the words of its mysterious author on the act of summoning the servants of the Yozis. He reads and memorizes the Hierarchy of Pain, noting the relationships of the creatures to each other. He carefully studies the words of the Black and White Binding, the Seven Words of Severance, the Great Charter, and the myriad other documents the Black Treatise includes in its appendices. They outline the authority he holds, and more than a few times Davron shudders at the intimations the book makes about the uses some sorcerers in the past have put demons to.

The mammoths, and their handlers - a total of 40 of the beasts - are to be carried south. Ten at a time, along with feed, supplies, and other essentials, can be transported by the barge. Davron finds himself ill at ease, and between trips, he avails himself of Nexus, taking part in Chi-Yosh's efforts to secure the Circle better arms. This done, he considers how best to occupy his time. Archery seems a natural - the comforting quality of the bow, the center-focusing meditative aspects of drawing and firing, soothe his nerves after the disturbing intimations and smirking hints of demonology.

---

Gallius, Davron, Chi-Yosh and Ramar re-unite again in the south, almost on the last day of the month of Ascending Earth. With them is Dace, the Solar general, and Rabby, who has volunteered herself to fight both for them and for the Lunar hard-liner Ma-Ha-Suchi, whose name is known (if not always revered) throughout the Silver Pact.

They learn that the ancient Lunar has already begun his campaign, and is attacking the Fifth Legion of Harborhead, who guard the southeast marches. Tamuz' jackal tribes are harrying the Fourth Legion, who guard the southwest stretches. So far the war has been comparatively calm; Ma-Ha-Suchi is hoping to draw out the Realm, then strike decisively while the king of Harborhead rearranges his defenses in anticipation of the arrival of his allies.

Gallius is not going to wait to draw out her foe. She is going to reach into his body and tear his very spine right out. She explains swiftly to her circle that her plans on turning the Brides of Ahlat away from this war by defaming the king of Harborhead. Thus will she take her enemy's greatest weapon and steal it right out of his hands. "The Brides of Ahlat are known for their honor and bravery. They will make a fine addition to the Nation of the Sun."

"And just how do you plan on defaming the king of Harborhead? Presuming he is one worthy of being defamed in the first place, Lady Gallius." Ramar makes his curious inquiry, while still digesting Ma-Ha-Suchi's battle plan. It's almost possible to hear the wheels turning as Ramar considers Gallius' new plan. "And how are we certain that they shall come with us?"

"Everyone, I am told, has a price to betray everything. When Marina finds out what the price of the king is, I shall buy the brides from him," says Gallius. "And their patron god shall be watching this, and know he has been betrayed."

Davron adjusts the straps on the golden plate armor - he isn't accustomed to being so heavily burdened, even with the lightening effects of Essence bearing part of its weight. But that is not what troubles his mind today, and the talk of turning an enemy's forces against itself reminds him of his worries. "Do you think we might ourselves be vulnerable to such things?" he asks Gallius. "During the voyage here, I had... misgivings that there may be a Realm agent aboard. Nothing certain," he adds, shaking his head. "Just... a feeling. Some hint I saw or heard without even knowing what it was."

"Hmm, now that's an interesting suggestion," says Gallius. And one can tell that she's not meaning the same as Davron. "Marina shall enter Harborhead in the guise of a Realm informant. As for those who might act against us.. I imagine there are some, yes. That is why I am going to send out lies amongst the troops from time to time. Just to see how well the Realm picks up this information." She grins widely, "They have eyes everywhere, but I can still make them see just what I wish them to."

Chi-Yosh listens intently while he reviews a map of Harborhead and the surrounding area, marks made for the appropriate Lunars' forces and their areas of attack. Though as the plans of the Solars unfold, his attention becomes more riveted on the conversation. Looking up at Gallius, "If the Brides of Ahlat are honorable, and would be repulsed by the King giving them up for a price, would they also be repulsed by being bought by the Nation, and thus be resentful?"

Gallius turns to Chi-Yosh, "We aren't going to have their loyalty by buying them, Chi-Yosh. We will shatter the King's hold by doing this. Ahlat is the master of his Brides, and it is his choice as to whom they follow."

"Hmm. Yet a feeling that is worth checking up on, I'm sure." Ramar considers Gallius, "You do realize of course that he suspects this. Although... well perhaps we should be more trusting of our crew... is there more you believe you can come up with to help prove the point thusly, Davron?"

Davron shakes his head no to Ramar. "Alas, no. Intrigue is not really my forte. I would just advise that we be prepared, if the Realm knows more about the mammoths - or anything else about our plans - than we'd like."

---

The temple is buried beneath the sand-dunes of the southlands; only its entrance remains aboveground. One walks to the valley between one dune and the next, then steps through the stone arch, walking beneath the pile of sand to enter the expansive stone temple. Ma-Ha-Suchi, wearing his triple-distilled war-form, a loin-cloth, and nothing else, sheds the blood of a sacrificial offering on the altar, while fire burns hungrily beneath him and radiates heat outward to fill the temple. Behind him, the five Solars wait patiently.

The god comes, though not quickly, and his bull-headed profile forms patiently out of the rising smoke. He strides confidently from the place above the altar, descending stone steps, his hoof-prints leaving bloody trails behind him. "Ma-Ha-Suchi, Chosen of Luna," the god rumbles, then eyes those behind him. It is Ahlat, southern god of war, blood, and cattle, the patron diety whom the Brides of Ahlat - Harborhead's elite military force - are associated with. His presence fills the temple like a shining beacon of crimson light.

"I called upon you," speaks Ma-Ha-Suchi, his silvery and attractive voice incongruous with his monstrous visage. "But first, the petition of another must be heard. Then you will understand what I seek." He bows, then steps aside.

Gallius looks up to the god and says confidently, "Currently your Brides serve the King of Harborhead. I am going to show to you that he is not worthy by stealing them away from him." She says this not as if it were being attempted, but as if it were a thing already decided.

"Is that so?" rumbles Ahlat, and the temple shakes down to the stones of the floor with his laughter. "I shall look forward to witnessing it."

Gallius raises a hand, rubbing a finger against her thumb as if there were something distasteful in the air. "You shall see it, and when you do, your Brides will find themselves with a newer, more powerful leader than they have ever had." With that, she turns to Ma-Ha-Suchi, leaving the rest to him.

The Lunar leader steps forward again, and inclines his head respectfully before speaking. "This Solar intends to defang the King of Harborhead by taking his source of power - your Brides - away. But should she not succeed, I will be forced to fight them, and kill them. I ask, o Ahlat, that you take no offense from the blood of your chosen Brides spilling over the desert sand, for I am Ma-Ha-Suchi, and they will find no worthier foe on the field of battle."

Ahlat considers for a moment, again rumbling with mirth. "Should you defeat my Brides, Chosen, I will speak of it to the other gods, and I will not bear a grudge against you." And so saying, the mighty spirit evaporates into the smoke and incense which burn in his honor, here in this buried temple.

One of Ma-Ha-Suchi's Lunar allies, in the form of a great raptor, wings its way down the narrow stone tunnel and into the temple, alighting, changing form into a man kneeling, and begins speaking quickly. "They are here," he reports, significantly stressing the unidentified 'they'. The Lunar rumbles in his throat, wordlessly, then eyes the five Solars behind him. "This is more your affair than mine," he states, flatly, striding toward the exit. "Come and make sense of this for me."

Outside the temple, almost a mile over the dunes, is the Lunar encampment. The mammoths in their pens are nearby, and the irritable beasts receive numerous showers of fresh water to keep them cool and comfortable. There are also three visitors.

They are distinguished by their heavy cloaks and overcoats, and by the silvery masks they wear under hoods. There is a faint odor of decay about them, and no inch of skin is exposed. Any being would be suffering terribly from the heat, yet this cold trio exhibits no discomfort, and it occurs that only living beings would be so discomfited.

One stiffly extends a hand, clutching a scroll, and releases it into the waiting hands of a burly beastman, who presents it to Ma-Ha-Suchi. He reads it, scowling, then almost literally throws the scroll in its case toward the Solars. "Get out of my sight," he growls, a deep and intimidating bass rumble, and the three enigmas turn and stiffly begin to march up the rise of the dunes.

Ramar's eyes narrow as he watches the enigmatic figures retreat across the dunes. He'll reach for the scroll case. "Let me have a look at it," he murmurs, though his focus is kept on the trio as they leave. One of his hands has strayed to Swift South Wind's hilt, "Who..." He turns then to the scroll, studying it carefully.

The scroll is simple, though the calligraphy is heartbreakingly beautiful. It is a simple invitation to alliance, on the part of a Deathlord whose name is not given. It speaks of a "Lady", called Nathicana, to whom Ma-Ha-Suchi can convey his reply, and the manner in which one can reach her.

The Solar reviews it carefully, investing Essence into his perceptions and perusing the scroll. It's clear that the author is not the unnamed Deathlord, but this Nathicana herself, and that the scroll is meant more as an insulting gesture than any serious invitation - it is a warning, and it clearly reads: "Leave the Underworld out of your calculations at your peril." The Abyssals intend to take action in Harborhead, but what sort remains unclear.

Gallius looks at the message and considers it for a moment. "How troublesome and pointless," says simply. The Solar Queen frowns and shakes her head, more annoyed than afraid, it would appear. To Ma-Ha-Suchi she inquires, "Do we need to let these husks survive this meeting for some reason?"

"Not to let them return would suggest they are worth my time to dispose of," rumbles Ma-Ha-Suchi, sounding angry. "If this Nathicana appears, I will return her head to her thrice-damned master."

"Of course..." mutters Ramar, though there is a good deal of... discomfort placed in those words. He turns to Ma-Ha-Suchi, "If I may ask, why is it that this is more our affair than yours?" He then furrows his brow in thought. "How to foil their schemes..."

The Lunar clenches a fist again, drawing drops of blood from his flesh onto his talons as he flexes and releases; the cuts heal almost immediately, but the sand beneath his hands grows red. "Cursed death-tainted fiends," he scowls, then comes to himself again, and glances at Ramar. "You people have time for these petty, pointless games, it seems. You and your Nation, your organization, your willingness to ally with those weak Terrestrials even while you fight their shameless parent. So if you want to pursue this matter, do so, and speak in my name if you wish. But I have better things to do."

Davron's fingers flex slightly as he watches the messengers depart, but he seems relatively calm. "Another deadly adversary to add to the many that will soon contest this land." He smiles a bit. "And perhaps they too will find more than they'd bargained for."

"We do not wish to ally with those..." Ramar pauses for a moment, looking for the right word. He settles for "Fiends. Their plans are another factor in ours, of course, but... I do not wish to deal with them." He nods to Davron, "Perhaps they might. I suspect many people coming here will find more than they have bargained for."

Gallius shakes her head at Ma-Ha-Suchi's grumbling and considers the messengers for a moment. "Indeed, we have time to fight the death bringers. There are none better to face their emptiness. The Realm is only one of our worries, and certainly not the greatest, but they still must be dealt with."

Chi-Yosh's lips purse. The Deathlords and their emissaries shall once more enter the intrigues of their plans. The friction between they and Stormclouds at Dusk had ended with only one man's blood shed. The adding of this poison to the mix may drop more. The many sections of the staff stirs at his side, as if sensing the coming storm. Treating the Deathknights as opponents for the far future will break once the gauntlet is thrown down.

---

Marina brings news to the others, and despite her distinct concerns about the company she keeps - two Lunar minders, Zinan and Tal of the Mountain Uprooting Brotherhood - she reports crisply and efficiently in her dealings with the king of Harborhead. The ruler is ambitious, but nervous; his navy guards the waters near the Varang City-States as warily as his legions safeguard the mountains and deserts, for fear that the Tri-Khan will put away the mutual treaties each hold with the Realm, and invade in this moment of weakness. The king's greatest desire now is to expand his influence down the coast, and he will sacrifice anything at all if it means adding the Tri-Khan's holdings to his own and suppressing or enslaving the Delzahn nomads whose urbanized descendants now occupy Varang.

The Solars review their options, and Ramar speaks of his experiences in the south, supplementing the tales the Lunars tell. Harborhead is the eastern-most of the major powers, and the most aggressive. West of them, down the coastline, are the Varang City-States, whose capital is Yane. Chiaroscuro marks the western-most city, though it is set apart from the rest of the City-States. Varang and Chiaroscuro, the 'City of Glass', are ruled by the Tri-Khan, the august autocrat. He is of Delzahn blood, and even those city-born and -bred of that same blood have a restless spirit. Like Harborhead, the Varang City-States hold a treaty with the Realm; but the Tri-Khan, and the kings of Harborhead, have been eternal enemies.