Finally getting a little 'free time', Rumika sets herself out on a street, watching people wander by. She tilts her head and muffles a yawn. "Nexus isn't very pretty," she whispers to herself, sighing.

Rumika would think worse of the city, if she was a little more aware of her danger. Few places are safe in Nexus, and only when the street seems to abruptly grow quiet and empty does Rumika look up. Along the path there is no sound, and then a few men step out of an alleyway, heading towards the solar.

Rumika turns to look at the men curiously, rising and turning away to flee when she sees the glint of metal in their hands as they draw out daggers. She turns only to run square into another, larger man who towers over her. "There's no need to be in a rush, dear, we've only just arrived," he says in a grim tone.

"Now now, there's no need for that. As I'm sure you well know, disrupting commerce is quite illegal..." comes Ramar's voice, as he enters from the left. "And the lady and I were about to discuss commercial matters. I do hope that you'll let us get on with our discussion, so that this does not need to get ugly."

"Well, once we take that fancy gown I'm sure we'll be able to aid commerce," answers one of the dagger holders, her voice shrill. "So if the lady will just slip out of it and give a little show we'll go on our way." The others laugh at this and Rumika frowns. She looks over at Ramar for a moment, frowning nervously. She doesn't want to make a scene so shortly after they were warned not to do so.

"I'm afraid that's not going to happen. She's entered an agreement with me, I'm afraid. However, I would be perfectly willing to give you the show you request, if you wish. Otherwise... I'll give you a few coins for your trouble, and have to ask politely that we be on our way... I do not wish to disrupt your own business, after all." Ramar smiles patiently, his eyes open, watching for the slightest movements in their faces, the telltale betrayals at the corners of the mouth, or in the eyes.

Everything happens more or less at once. The dagger holders turn to deal with Ramar and the man facing Rumika grabs the long locks of her hair and lifts her up by her mane. Without a scream Rumika moves into action. Lifted from her feet, she hooks out a foot and runs up the body of her attacker, flipping upon her hair in a gymnast's feat, coming down in her circle in a punishing kick towards the same man that holds her. With a sound blow to his stomach he lets her fall to the ground, falling backwards.

"Oh well. I gave you the chance. I suppose..." he watches Rumika move into action. As soon as she's run up the body of the man holding her, Ramar spins, sweeping a leg out to clear the path for the flashing of his blade, which pings off the side of one of the men. The welt left by the flat of the blade remains as a flick of the wrist divests him of his knife. "Now then, I'm dreadfully sorry about all of this, but I'm going to have to ask," he shouts, while moving out of the way of three stabbing blades, twisting past one, ducking under another, and leaping atop the third. From his perch atop the dagger-ephermal though it may be-Ramar's blade arcs upwards, strking the thug on the underside of the elbow as the Solar pushes off, landing beside Rumika. "Well then. I suppose it's going to be a pleasure working with you."

Rumika slides into a balanced stance beside Ramar. The form may be an odd one, but the balance of a martial artist is something he should recognize. "And here I was afraid I would become bored," she says softly. The would-be thieves regroup, their eyes bright with anger as they study their foes. There is a momentary consideration, and then the band breaks and flees. Helpless women are one thing, a pair of skilled fighters another altogether. The leader calls back, "You've not seen the last of us!"

"You know, Rumika, they always seem to say that, these sorts of thieves. I have run into them in the West, and in the South and in the East... I suppose they are as common an archetype as the cunning thief." Ramar smiles, sheathes his sword, "Although I imagine you might have handled many more foes, of better skill, with more ease than I might have."

"I have rarely fought men," says Rumika. "Save those in the Wyld Hunt. I find it unpleasant. Violence mars those who do it, whether for their own safety or for their own profit," she explains. She shivers and sighs, "I think we should get away from here. Perhaps we should go indoors somewhere?"

Rumika and Ramar return to the inn the solars are staying at. She looks a bit disshevelled, still, but at least she's calmed down a bit. She settles in the small common room at the inn and tries to still her nerves over some tea.

Davron comes down the stairs, evidently somewhat restless himself. Or perhaps he noticed his companions' absence and wanted to know what had happened. In any case, he greets them with a smile, at first. "Ah, there you are..." he begins, and then his expression changes to one of concern. "What happened to you? Are you all right?"

"Nothing a little time won't heal," says Rumika. "I was out relaxing a bit and wasn't paying enough attention. I'm not hurt, though. Fortunately one of your friends was more awake than I was." She sighs and combs a hand through her hair, "Well, I'm only hurt cosmetically."

Davron breathes a sigh of relief, and takes a seat, ordering a cup of tea for himself. "Well, thank goodness," he says. "This city isn't safe, you know that as well as I do..." He stares at the table for a moment, then looks up again. "It's not like you to be so careless, Rumika. Is there something on your mind?"

"I'm just.. distracted," says Rumika softly. "I'm worried about so many things, and I was hoping I might find some more information for you. I didn't mean to distract you, Davron. It was a mistake I won't make again." The solar frowns and shakes her head, "What would my mother say?"

Davron shakes his own head. "Rumika..." he says softly, and is speechless for a few seconds. Finally, he leans forward slightly and, still in the same quiet tone, "Next time, tell me, all right? There's strength in numbers, and it won't do Willow any good if we..." He halts again. "I want to go, too. I want to run out there and save her right this moment. But..."

"But we can't do it alone," says Rumika softly. "I know, I just wanted to help. I can tell how important this is to you. I don't really have anyone from my past to be tied to. Well, except for my mother, so.. I imagine it means a great deal." She sips at her tea and adds, "I won't do anything risky any more."

Davron smiles gently. "Don't say _that_, Rumika. I imagine we'll all have to take a few risks before this is all over. Coming to this city at all seems risky, at least for me. But..." He stops, chuckling. "I was just about to say, be careful about what risks we take..."

Rumika offers a small smile, "I suppose that is true," she agrees. "I'm just impatient. I don't like sitting in one place for long, and this city makes me anxious. There are parts of it that really wonderful, but others that are terrible."

Davron nods. "All the stories I've ever heard... they don't even _begin_ to describe what this place is like." He looks across the table at you and smiles. "Thank you all the same, for coming to help. It... means a lot, to have good friends by my side for this."

"Davron," says Rumika, and at this she lowers her voice, "Honestly, what else can I do? This was foretold in dreams, and if I don't follow you, I have nothing and no one. The dreams made it clear that the next time I meet my mother we must fight to the death, and only one of us shall survive. As much as I have to offer to you, it is also true that you are my only friend left, except only a little spirit of song."

Davron blinks, and straightens up, wide-eyed and blushing. "I... Rumika, I..." he stammers, before lapsing into a flustered silence. For a long time he gazes at you, unsure of what to say. At long last last, he leans forward, resting his hand lightly on yours as it clutches the teacup. "I understand a little better now," he says, almost in a whisper. "I... don't have those kind of dreams, not yet. But... whatever I can do..."

Rumika laughs softly and shakes her head, "For now, let me help you, and that will be enough. I am meant to do so, and I think you will also help me a great deal. Perhaps I will find something for myself along the way, so that the world will not seem such a strange place to me." She looks down at Davron's hand, resting on her own, and her cheeks actually turn scarlet, "I think maybe I've said too much already."

"Dreams are just that Rumika, dreams." Ramar has returned, and he looks a little more relaxed. "I do not believe that the future has already been set in stone. Nor do I believe that we are meant to do any one thing... I believe that our fate is our own choosing, and it is we who will become what we will become, who will bring about what is to be."

Davron nods to Rumika. "Then for now..." he begins, and then starts a little, sitting back into his seat. "Ramar! I... welcome back," he says, chuckling. "So was it you who went wandering tonight with Rumika?"

Rumika blushes even more brightly and laughs nervously. Just how long has he been standing there? "Yes, he helped me a great deal. Thank you, Ramar. I didn't get a very good chance to say that earlier."

There is a broad smile on Ramar's face, "Forgive me, I do not mean to interrupt you two, now that I think of it the flirting was a little more obvious. Forgive the intrusion, I simply felt the need to help you to see that predestination is... well, you get the idea." He nods to Davron, "Indeed, I did. She saved me from a band of ruffians you know."

Davron laughs "Is that so? Well, good to know the local ruffians have been properly cautioned. Some of them, at least. Let's hope that the common thugs soon come to learn that we're all more dangerous than we look."

Rumika sighs and shakes her head, "You shouldn't tease, Ramar. I've had a very trying day!" She even mock-pouts at him, pretending to be upset. "Davron was just going to comfort me, probably with something very special, right?"

"Well, I wouldn't go as far as to say that we are all more dangerous than we look. But, we have not seen the last of them, so they say." Ramar stands, where he's been standing for quite some time, observing the two sitting. "Now then, I imagine the thief holding you had a more trying day. I suppose I ought to leave you and Davron to your... comforting."

Davron blushes very brightly indeed, and can only stare at his own tea. "I, I, I..." he stutters for a moment.

Ramar attempts to finish Davrons statement, "Were about to kiss the lady before I interrupted? Perhaps?"

Rumika laughs softly, "Sit down and join us, Ramar. You can help me come up with something fitting. I fear that Davron has the hands of a blacksmith and an archer, so I'm unsure if he can give a good, relaxing massage." At the mention of a kiss her cheeks turn red again, "Well, that would be most forward! I didn't think you were so bold, Davron."

Davron swallows, looking up at Rumika, now hopelessly flustered. "I, I'm not..." he says, then gives a lopsided grin. "Why, should I be?"

Ramar smiles, "Now you're just being cold," he says, as he sits down. To Rumika, he intones, "I'm not sure, if he is capable of working metal and steel, perhaps other things would come just as easily." To Davron, "And you're quite bold my friend, or else you would not have led us here, to Nexus, to rescue your friend."

Rumika grins and nods to Ramar, then turns to give Davron a curious study. "You should be whatever you feel is right, Davron. Do what you think is best, and you cannot really go wrong with.. well, with most things." She covers her guilty grin by drinking her tea.

Davron laughs with just a hint of nervousness, and sips his tea in a mirror of Rumika's actions. Then he leans forward and lightly clicks his teacup against hers. "I don't always _know_ what is right, Rumika. Maybe you can teach me."

Ramar smiles. "Well, let it not be said that I did not at least try." Ramar folds his legs beneath him, and laces his fingers together. "Sometimes, Davron, it is best to merely trust to your instincts. It's one way of moving out of the way of trouble, if you can sort of rely on those telltale signs..."

Rumika sets down her cup and nods. "You rarely know what is right, Davron. You only know what feels right, and you must listen to your feelings carefully to even get that far."

Davron's face flushes again, and his teacup clatters a bit as he sets it down. "I, I'm not used to that, I guess. I only heed my feelings when they shout loud and clear." He glances at Ramar briefly, and sighs. Some of the things his feelings are saying now aren't ones he wants to share with a group.

"Davron, if I may offer one last piece of advice, do not wait until they shout loud and clear. Listen to them before they must clamor for your attention." Ramar stands up, "You might be surprised. Do not let them rule you, but do not rule them out." He bows his head, and gestures, "Now I'm going to leave you two alone. Enjoy yourselves."

Rumika looks from Davron to Ramar and then back. There's a nervousness in her eyes and she laughs softly. "I think we will.. we will talk more later, then? And thank you for helping me earlier."

Ramar says, "I would like very much to talk with you later Rumika. Forgive me, but the poor fellows head is about to explode, and I think its best if he gets the chance to sort things out first. You know where I shall be, when you have more time with which to talk." Ramar smiles, then bows his head, and turns to leave. _I only hope that I am doing the right thing. I do not trust her, not yet, but Davron is a good friend, and I trust him._ "You are welcome."

Davron nods to Ramar. "Sleep well... I'll be along soon," he says. As he goes up the stairs, he returns his gaze to Rumika, the color returning to his cheeks. "I.." he begins, then shakes his head. "The ideas Ramar has sometimes," he murmurs, but looks Rumika in the eye.

Rumika tries to look away at first, but her eyes keep coming back to meet Davron's and she laughs. "This is very silly. We have.. things to do, and we shouldn't be acting like this. We have to save your friend. We have a lot of things to do." And she's quite aware of the fact that she's babbling, but she's too embarassed to stop right now. "Important things, really, and we can't indulge in childish flirting just to please someone's sense of humor, right?"

Davron blinks quietly at the flood of words. Ramar he'd expect this from, but usually Rumika seems to know just the right thing to say. What is this... oh my. His heart seems to stop for a moment, then beats so hard he feels sure she can hear it thumping. He leans forward, and takes Rumika's hand gently. "Well, no. We can't flirt like that just to amuse Ramar." He pauses, then give that hand a gentle squeeze. "No, we'll... we'll have to come up with our own reasons."

Rumika laughs softly, trying to act casual. "I think we already have a lot of reasons," she admits. "But this just seems like a dangerous time to do something like this. You know what I mean? I really am flattered and believe me, Davron, I.." She sighs and takes hold of Davron's hand with both of hers, "I feel the same way. But right now we should.." Should.. She considers and seems lost for a while. "We should do whatever it is that feels right, shouldn't we? I won't take back my words now."

Davron nods quietly, resting his other hand atop Rumika's. "But... I... I'm of two minds, right now, myself. I..." He sighs softly, and gives her a sheepish smile. "Like I said before, I don't have any dreams to go on. Just my heart. And... right now, I think there will be time yet." He closes his eyes for a moment. "We need our rest. It wouldn't do to be tired in the days ahead - we'll need all our wits about us."

Rumika nods slightly. "We will. We can't let anything distract us from what is most important," she says. "Let's rescue Willow and the others, and then we can deal with.. whatever it is we have to deal with." She tries to put on a brave face, but her smile is a bit uncertain.

Davron nods. "Yes..." he says... sounding a little disappointed, but despite what has been said tonight, the head as well as the heart must rule sometimes. "But until then..." he says, as an impulse overtakes him, and he leans forward quickly, giving Rumika a very brief kiss.

Rumika is so stunned she doesn't even have a chance to return the gesture. She just sits, wide-eyed for a moment. She turns away, laughing again. "Davron, you are braver than I am," she says gently. "I thought I was supposed to be your teacher."

Davron blushes hotly, and has to turn his face away. The moment of bravery has passed, and now he's shyer even than before. "I think you still are, Rumika. I've got a _lot_ to learn yet," he says, laughing as well. He stands up, offering to help Rumika to her feet. "Let's return to our rooms. We've got a long day ahead of us."

Rumika nods slowly, accepting Davron's hand. She keeps Davron's hand held gently and grins, "We should do just that. Once we get this all handled, though, we have to work on your affinity with essence." The latter is said very softly, so that only Davron can hear. "And then, I will show you the next step to claiming your birthright."

Davron nods. "I can hardly wait..." he whispers just as quietly.