As the sun's first angry rays swell over the horizon of the desert home of Sand Spider, Gallius leaps from the side of an airship. She has sent ahead of her word to the Ikth-Ya whose territory upon which she treads, gaining from him permission to come.

He knows her reasons for coming. Even without a message from the Solar he could only imagine one reason she might travel so far to see him. Respect and advice.

Of course, the advice sought requires a test. A test that has been carefully prepared by the elder Lunar. As soon as Gallius' bow of respect is given to Sand Spider, it begins. The test spans many disciplines, as Gallius finds herself darting out of the paths of arrows while carrying a great stone. In the midst of this a spirit asks the Nain-Ya riddles of wisdom.

In the end, drained of all energy, Gallius finds herself once more before Sand Spider. He grunts his grudging approval that she is still alive, but wastes little time in telling her what she must do to be worthy of Ikth-Ya. He sings to her a songline that she must follow, after which, he says, she will be ready.

Three suns scorch shoulders,

Two times Luna rides the sky.

Towards the empty springs, past

swarming ants and storms of sand

and wind.

Skin-seared, wash your feet in

black oils burning flesh.

March over the fields of etched

glass leaving foot prints of

earth blood.

Two nights in a dead river,

crack scorpions on head stones

drink from green towers.

Step lightly under Luna's light,

see the Sand Hooks scythe furrows

in the dunes.

Return alive, bringing the best

of the dead

And this line Gallius follows. She strips herself of all weapons and armor and made her way to the south, going towards the most dangerous of Sand Spider's territory. For three days she survives by drinking the blood of animals and feasting on snakes and spiders, caught with wary skill by the pale light of Luna.

Gallius eventually reaches a pool of black tar, bubbling hot. Following the advice of the song line she bears the pain of bathing her feet in the stuff, leaving a coat of the stuff on her feet up to her ankles.

Gallius finds that the wisdom of this line is great, as the plain ahead is one of sharp shards of shattered glass, left behind by some some cataclysm of another age. Here Gallius finds her first great threat, for in many places ground that first seems stable gives way under a careless step, threatening to throw her a pit of jagged glass. There is no respite of this, from morning's first light to the last rays of Helios she crosses this terrible terrain.

What follows seems at first favorable, as Gallius wanders the paths of a dried river bed, the soft mud in the bottom deliciously cool on her feet. She soon learns to dislike the river, as first small stones are set in her path, and then larger ones. The slippery stones are not enough to trouble the Nain-Ya, however, but with the growing size of the stones the scorpions also grow larger. Only swiftness of mind saves her against these fast striking foes, and she draws them to last at her and bury their deadly stingers deep into the stones of the river.

Finally, after two nights with nearly no safety, Gallius passes by stones and scorpions. The green towers she seeks reveal themselves as tall plants, covered with bitter spines and needles. These Gallius studies for a time, studying them closely, uncertain just how she could drink from it. In her studies she watches the flight of a large insect with buzzing wings. It dips a long hooked mouth into one of the larger spines of the plant for a time, then flies away. Knowing now how the towers might be used, Gallius drinks from them, finding the nectar sweet and filling. Again the pangs of hunger and thirst are driven away.

The last challenge awaits, and under the silver light of Luna Gallius sees the great furrows in the earth. For a time she simply watches them as she walks farther into their midst. It is then that she realizes that the furrows seem to be moving. Moments later the Nain-Ya learns of the danger these things reveal. For hours she is forced to put to use every shred of awareness and swift thought she possesses as giant worms lash out at her. Again and again she catches their motions from the corner of her eye, finally drawing the greatest of the worms into a trap of stones, which she slams shut upon it, pounding the life from the squirming thing with relentless blows.

The trip back is a faster one, taken on the straight path. At the feet of Sand Spider the great worm is offered. The respected one grunts his approval of the offering and sends Gallius on her way, knowing that she is now ready.

---

After the journey Sand Spider shares a meal with the Nain-Ya, who seems to have an endless number of questions. Fortunately Gallius shows some restraint, knowing that Sand Spider might swiftly find her questions wearying. She does not waste time getting to her point, but simply starts there as she eats. "I have found a way to strike a blow against the Fair Folk and to free those who would be sold to them," says Gallius. The next words she admits with displeasure, "I cannot do this alone. I will need aid to make use of the trick I have pulled on the Guild."

The elder Lunar sits cross-legged quietly, then finally sets aside the wing of sandraptor he'd been devouring. "Watch," he says, and begins to sing in a harsh, ancient language. It resembles Flametongue, but a simpler version of it, and Gallius watches as the sands of the surrounding desert rise into recognizable forms that become animate. The Lunar's song and illusion power work their magic well; Gallius discerns a scorpion, giving birth to tiny baby scorpions. She watches too as the babies crawl over dunes and into the camp of desert-travelers, stinging many to death. The travelers manage to skewer many of the babies, but the scene shifts again to the mother, and already many new ones are being born. "This is your problem, in another form?" he asks.

"It is," says Gallius. "It is perhaps the way of many of the problems I shall face in my lifetime." She frowns thoughtfully and turns her mind back to the food for a moment. "I feel at times I am trying to turn a great boat with nothing but my own breath. I wish to put an end to slavery. I am not strong enough to kill all those guilty of slaving," Gallius explains, leaving the unspoken 'yet' hang in the air as clearly as if she had spoken it before she continues, "And so I will instead make having a slave a pointless venture." She adds, "I do not know if the Fair Folk need the dreams of men to grow stronger, but I shall deny them their feast either way."

"The way to stop slavery is to stop men from wanting slaves," states Sand Spider, throwing a rock at the image his magic has formed. The illusionary mother-scorpion is struck by the rock, quivering, dying, then fading away into the sands of the South. "But the natural laws do not compel the Fair Folk. They will be more difficult to deal with."

"And restraining them still lies beyond reach," says Gallius. "The Guild assures me that I will be given the right to buy all slaves that would be sold to the Fair Folk. If I have adequate wealthy, I can intercept all of those slaves. I do not doubt the Fair Folk will respond. But there are things set in motion that their crooked eyes do not yet perceive. If there is enough time, they may find us far from unprepared."

"Then it seems you have made your way well in the world," is Sand Spider's only reply.

Gallius smiles, "My strength lies in many things. The greatest of my powers is not in my self, but in those whose course I help set in motion. I do not think that is something I would have discovered, had I never entered the Silver Pact."