It has been 33 days since Rael, a northern God of War, delivered a challenge to the Nation of the Sun. The message was sent in Rael's normal manner, the flayed skin of the helpless was written upon in blood. The message was grim: _To the deluded and cowardly rulers of the Nation of the Sun, Rael the Great sends tidings! Should you truly wish to stop the death of these weaklings, you will meet me on the Plain of Screaming Winds and face there my champion, Four Fangs the Behemoth. Should your strength prove the greatest on the field, I shall give to you a great reward and never trouble your people again._

Davron, like the rest of the Circle, takes this threat very seriously. Even in the time he has not spent directing the reconstruction of the bow for the _Pride of the Nation_, he has not been idle. To make the best use of the great construction of lumber and woven sinew, he has had to resume his military training regimen that had been left by the wayside as he tackled more intellectual pursuits. The culmination of his personal training is a new Combo, that will take the already-potent strider arrows and multiply their destructive power by nearly an order of magnitude - with a single shot, he will be able to deluge the foe with a barrage of arrows imbued with Solar might, while still retaining enough mobility to evade any counterattack.

---

The Plain of Screaming Winds is aptly named. When the circle arrives, they see few things below that can stand against the winds. Trees below are whipped by the horrible gusts, most of them bent and shorn of most of their leaves. The grasses are beaten flat by the hammering of the winds.

The circle does not have to seek the battle ground for long. The behemoth is, as the stories have told, a twin beast. Two wolvish animals some thirty feet high at the shoulder and about twice as long. Rael is nowhere to be seen, but one would be a fool to imagine he is not nearby.

The two parts of Four Fangs are quite different from each other. One is as dark as night shadow and the other is bright as burning iron. Their eyes are simply marked as places darker or brighter than the rest of their bodies. They stand some 100 feet apart, both facing south.

There is a pillar of serenity in the midst of the screaming winds. Standing in the center of a ring of grass, utterly untouched by the screaming winds is Ramar. Essence swirls around him, unseen, strengthening his body, blocking the aspects of wind that would scatter lesser men. Yet he is limber as well, able to balance momentarily on a single blade of grass. Flames dance on his sword, and there is a look of determination in his eyes as Essence slowly begins to flicker at its edge. Today, the beasts of Rael will fall, and the helpless will be helpless no more.

The Bull of the North heard the call of his cousins from the south. The circle around which all of Creation seems to swirl like the blizzards of his homeland. He comes with his powerbow and his most trusted confidant, Samea. Above him the anima banner of the Bull rages, it's horns glinting. At his back is a quiver of arrows, each of which bears the curse of a different demon. The arrowheads burning with the spite and loathing of the banished for all Creation.

Samea the Will Breaker, whose steady gaze puts icy terror in the eyes of the demons that huddle about her frowns at the behemoth, unmoved by its size. To her eyes, the link that binds the two forms appears as a glowing lattice, almost like a bridge. But it is not her focus. Her work begins, with essence winding about her, building swiftly into some great act of the Sapphire Circle. When she has finished, her form changes into something of dark steel and spikes. She does not hestitate, but immediately reaches out for the essence once more, only this time, there is a tremble in the air as essence rushes to obey her.

Wind sweeps across the Dawn's clothes, sending a ripple through the watery chain about his waist, yet despite the clawing of the air he is still, standing across from the blinding beast. Cademus had its fate foretold in legend, and had its destiny fulfilled by the Solar. Four Fangs has only been written of as a bringer of destruction, but its fate shall be end the same. In a moment, the battle will begin, the behemoth will charge across the planes, and he will be ready.

The stillness is broken as the Pattern of Stars begins, leading through the four signs of the materials of Creation. Motes reshape fingers, leaving iridescent sickles in their wake, draw his skin into the sun-reflecting Orichalcum shell, and allow the raw power of the elements radiate with each motion, before the ground trembles and curls quivers around him, anxious for the battle to come. Power flares across his chest and over his limbs, flaring outwards like a sunbeam across an oil slick - muscles beneath tense with an infusion, before they ease out, firmer, swifter, all the ready.

The Dawn is at full fury and strength, and as he breathes in, a welling in his stomach spreds outwards, granting him unflinching grace and reflex. Limbs once saturated with the demand for crushing now become swift and fluid, and as the screaming wind beats down upon him, Chi-Yosh weaves through the gust, swift enough to prevent the disturbance of his clothes.

And at last, from his position in the control harness of the _Pride of the Nation_, Davron takes a deep breath, and summons his Essence around him as well. Enhanced by the Hearthstone in its mounting, the power of his Charm flows through the orichalcum-alloyed steel and causes it to shimmer as if seen through a heatwave, permeating the warstrider with the Essence that will make even this giant armor move as nimbly as a spider upon its web. Even if Four Fangs' might may be able to penetrate the armor, the beast will have difficulty in finding its mark.

Sensing their foes at the ready, the behemoth of shadow charges forward, it's form somehow shifting in the wind as if it were a black mist. Sensing the great rush of essence, it's first target is Samea.

The strike of the wolf is met by the sudden motion of the second circle demon Carius. The great swooping of the jaws of the shadow are turned with a meeting of silvery fist and jaw of darkness that shatters the air with a sound like crackling lightning.

As the great dark wolf charges, Chi-Yosh is for a moment curled within himself, poised. Before the first step is taken, the motion has all ready been carried out. Before the sun-tinged lightning of his motions sear him across the field into a leap that leaves the ground smoking in his wake, the strike has been brought down. Layer after layer of flaring energy peels through the air like a thousand shards of stained glass. The very winds part to let the Solar streak in, his form snapping outwards like a whip to bring the dual pincers of the Mantis' claws to bear upon the bright beast.

The Bull of the North watches the attack of Chi-Yosh with a pleased smile. With essence crackling about him Yurgen draws his arrow and takes aim. Not at the same beast, but the wolf of shadow. Wreathed in golden light, the dart soars into the sky.

The arrow finds the strange flesh of the shadow beast, and as it does, the arrowhead bloats inside and bursts suddenly outward, as hundreds of thorns of pure essence suddenly stab out from the head of the arrow.

The behemoth of light is sent reeling back from the terrible blow of Chi-Yosh. It shakes its massive head, its growl stirring the air with a sudden heat as it's enormous maw is brought to bear against Chi-Yosh.

"DAVRON!" Ramar shouts at the top of his lungs as he makes hmself ready. He sweeps his sword in front of him, gesturing towards the strider not too far away, then to thw shadow-beast. His legs tense, Essence curling around them, waiting... "On my mark, fire with all your might right at the link on the Shadow-beast... wait for my mark though!"

Samea remains still, unimpressed by the assault of the Behemoth. Or perhaps she cannot even see it. The ground rumbles and the sky above crackles as essence is drawn in. Inward. A lattice of essence forms about her that would dazzle the eyes of those who can see. There is no mistaking what is being worked here. It is something that has not been used in wrath for an age. Even the demons that stand defensively about the sorceress seem uncomfortable, their dark auras shrinking away from the brightening swirls of essence.

Despite his own formidable protection, Davron is momentarily nonplused at the sheer size of the behemoth as its two bodies thunder toward the Circle - it isn't until the beasts are nearly upon them that he fully realizes that they stand half again as tall as the _Pride_. But Ramar's distant cry rouses him from his astonishment, and he draws a tree-trunk arrow from the quiver slung across the warstrider's back. He pulls back a bowstring as long as a ship's rigging, and the warstrider's entire form is enveloped in a nimubs of light, the hawk-wings of his anima blazing forth behind him, and he waits for Ramar's call...

Before the lattice of Essence is fully formed around Samea, Ramar is off like a shot. The grass bends beneath his feet, only to spring back up in his wake, standing defiant even in these winds. The tip of his sword scorches the ground as he shouts, "NOW, FIRE!" and vaults into the air, putting himself slightly above the path between Davron and the Behemoth.

The nimbus of light surrounding the _Pride of the Nation_ flashes forward in a sudden rush, earthing itself in the arrow, and Davron lets fly. The shaft shimmers and divides into five, and each one is kindled with a light that rivals the Unconquered Sun itself - and in their combined brilliance, even the behemoth's body of light is drowned out, and stark black shadows are cast across the windswept plain as the impossibly bright shafts fly toward their mark, seeking out the nexus of Essence that Davron can see upon the monster of darkness.

As the arrows fly towards Ramar, each arrow a sun unto itself, the air-borne Solar spins in mid air, and plants a foot on the arrow as it sails past. Even the speed of the arrow is no deterrent to Ramar as he attempts to balance on the shaft of the monstrous arrow. He leans forward, sword-arm outstretched, almost drowned out in the fire that blazes all about... and he uses his weight to add to the force of the arrow, if it should hit.

Which the strike of each arrow along the link a sound like a chord played on some monstrous harp can be heard. The power of the attack ripples down the strings of essence that make the lattice, and both behemoths shudder as sparks of essence rain from them.

Essence spirals along the edge of the burning sword. Ramar pushes off of the arrow, moments before it impacts against the shadow-beasts great form. Once more in mid-air, with nothing but air between him and the wolf beneath, the Solar dives downward. The tip of his weapon blazes white-hot with Essence as Ramar drops past. As he falls, a discordant sound, a sound of unmaking resonates across the link between the two beasts, as Essence is shattered, reshaped, and channeled through Ramar's blade.

The Behemoth, against the ropes as it is, is chopped down swiftly by the circle. The link shatters with the sound of a million breaking mirrors, and the essence that holds it together springs free like a broken spring. For a moment, all is still. But it is not over.

The form of Rael is suddenly seen above the battle field as a vast cloud of red and black blood. From its fingers dangle strings of essence that extend to the behemoths as if they were marrionettes. His eyes flash as lightning and a black rain begins to fall as essence flares along those lines. The twin forms flow together slowly, then bubble upwards, forming an even more terrible form, as two become one. Greater, stronger, and ready. The end of this battle has come.

And against that terrible form glitters Samea. Still the essence about her swirls and crackles as the terrible power of the Solar Circle is gathered. The greatest wolf ever to live glares down at her. Its head raises to bay horribly and it charges forward, seeking to destroy that sorceror and drink into itself still more essence.

Ramar is the first to try and stop the wolf. The winds themselves are held at bay in this instant, as the thundering charge of the beast echoes across the plain. The Solar places himself in the oncoming wolf's path, leaping into the air and racing along the beast's side until he stands astride it. He swings his sword over his head in a glittering arc, and for one moment as wolf and sword are parallel, there are two great beasts... one beneath Ramar, the other reflected in the golden world above him, limited only by the width of the fiery blade. Power surges and Essence crackles through the air as Ramar brings the blade down. The bright nimbus of his anima is the last thing reflected in the blade before twin worlds-reflection and reality-collide again and again.

Davron glares at the shambling wolf-thing, now nearly three times his height, and draws one last arrow, the earth thundering as the _Pride of the Nation_ likewise interposes itself between Samea and the behemoth. The glowing shell forms around the warstrider once more, and rushes into the arrow... and Davron narrows his eyes beneath the visor-slit and growls "Your rampage ends here." Then he looses the arrow.

If Davron's first attack was bright, this one would sear the eyeballs of any mortal looking on, forces even the assembled Exalts to avert their eyes for a moment. The heat is so intense that the leaves of the trees below briefly burst into flame before the wind of the arrows' passage douses them once more, and five columns of light spiral through the air, four shafts orbiting the central arrow and describing a crackling helix in the air as they bury themselves in the wolf's form.

Yurgen draws four arrows to his bow, knowing there can be no holding back. The life of Samea means more to him than his own. Seeing Gallius destroyed has given him perspective. And the impetus to prepare for just such an event. Four curses fly through the air with such power that the air around them twists and erupts in steadily growing explosions, and by the crafty eye of the Bull of the North, all of them strike in the exact same shorn flesh that Davron's horrifying blasts left behind.

The great wolf is torn asunder by the horrible attacks of the Solars, and still it comes on, though half it's ribs have been shorn away, and the darts of Davron and Yurgen have blasted away huge hunks of the beast, including half of its skull. Still the power of the behemoth is great. Far too great for the demons of the second circle to repel. The first is batted-away with a huge paw and the other bit in half. In the same motion the great beast throws itself forward, all its wrath centered upon the work of Samea.

The gorey rain is blasted aside as the roiling tide of Chi-Yosh's anima explodes outwards, the Dawn blazes upwards in a nova shedding brillance like Helios staring into the heart of an oil slick. The Solar star dives beyond the beast's lips as he reaches for the watery arsenal around his waist. Out it whips, and in a heartbeat extends outwards into the body of a dual-edged spear. Teeth bare down on Chi-Yosh, but he throws himself back in time for the jaws to close upon the sharp twin points.

As the beast's head rears back in bright pain, the Solar snags his grip on a tooth, and is hurled upwards, onto the creature's head. Grabbing the spearpoint poking from the bridge of its' maw, the blade becomes a kama, which he drags up _through_ the roof of the behemoth's mouth. And like the harvester of foul wheat, its eyes befall to the lashing fury of his strikes. The Su'Katan is thrown off of its head, or rather, he rolls, stabbing into Four Fangs' throat and allowing his weight to drag him down, down the creature's neck and chest in a great gash that flares like a torn sun before he falls to the earth.

The skull of the behemoth is first pierced, then smashed. By the time Chi-Yosh leaps away, the great wolf's head is falling from its shoulders to the earth, reduced to little more than a mangled pulp. A silence lingers over the field for a moment, and then finally Samea's spell is released. The strands connecting wolf to God burst into flames and like glass suddenly heated, they explode with growing wrath towards Rael. With an explosion like a bursting star the God of Slaughter is blasted from the sky.

Rael for a time lays still, smouldering. When the god rises his laughter rocks the plain. His great hands clap together as he roars, "EXCELLENT!" He waves to the solars, beckoning them to come closer. "Well fought! Such a battle has not shattered this land in an age! Look at what you have done!" He gestures across the land. The battle has had its toll. Much of the grass has been burnt away. Trees have been trampled and shattered. Where Samea's spell struck a huge crater has been left behind.

The _Pride of the Nation_ sizzles with Essence, golden sparks coursing over its frame, the bow charred from its proximity to the blast and its string sizzling - without doubt, it will need repair once more. The warstrider falls to one knee, and Davron looks upon the smoldering wreck that was once a behemoth, then up at Rael. Though the warstrider helm masks his expression, Davron clearly does not regard the situation with as much humor as the war-god. "We know who and what we are, Rael," he says, his voice echoing. "Now you too have seen."

The god does not bother rising. "As I had promised, I shall not send my followers against your folk again. Moreover, I will give to you the body of the behemoth. Leave not a bone behind, for all that remains has power. Those who partake in it shall bear sons and daughters in whose veins runs the blood of heroes! Use it wisely, Chosen of the Unconquered Sun."

And so _Pride of the Nation_ is pressed into service once more against Four Fangs - for even though Yurgen and Chi-Yosh are mighty of arm, hauling that gargantuan corpse aboard the Solars' airships is simply too cumbersome for any tool less than a warstrider. It is many hours before the last bones are loaded - and then the _Pride_ climbs aboard its berth aboard the pyramid-ship and Davron climbs out, exhausted from the strain of piloting the massive strider. It is left to the other members of the triumphant Circle, and their close friends and allies, to gather the rest of Four Fangs' remains. Night is falling before the two airships begin their journey home, to enjoy a victory well earned.