It is night, the time when the patrols are most active, and also the most blind. Gallius has her forces camped in hidden places, far enough away to avoid most of the patrols. Hopefully skill and stealth will keep them safe from the others. The lady comes unarmed towards the city. She makes no attempt to be secretive whatsoever and simply waits for the patrols to find her. Assuming they are capable of doing so before she reaches the village. It matters not at all.

"Halt! State yer name and business!" calls a gruff voice. A Nuri warrior dressed in dark leather and bearing a blackened blade steps into the moonlight, and behind him the sounds of clanking and creaking can be heard, indicating the presence of his fellows.

Lady Gallius turns to face the one who addresses her, smiling calmly in the dim moonlight. "I am Lady Gallius Leom, heir of the kingdom of Roleyn, Caste Zenith in service to the Unconquered Sun, Captain of the army of Non Valon, Chosen of Luna." She suddenly stands more straight, her eyes nearly glowing with intensity, "Take me to the people of your village, if you wish them to see the next rising of the sun!"

The troop leader nearly drops his blade, but he manages to keep a grasp of it nevertheless. "Y-you are... " he stammers, trying to form coherent words like 'you are our prisoner' or 'come with us'.

"I am," she answers sternly. "Be not recreant! We have no time for foolishness. I will ride, time is precious on this night." She does not give them a chance to speak or stutter, but moves to suit herself. She strides to a tree and with a leap and a kick, tries to vault onto the back of the patrol leader's horse.

The man falls out of his saddle to the ground, losing his weapon at the same time. The three others behind him wheel and turn on their mounts, trying to control their suddenly nervous horses and deal with their own stunned surprise at once.

Gallius shakes her head, looking at the fallen captain. "I know the way, fortunately, but follow as swiftly as you may! I have already saved your lives. Were you to continue your patrol, death would surely find you. Follow hastily! Do not forget your swords!" She digs her heels into the horse, forcing it to rear in the moonlight before she allows it to dart off.

Gallius drives the horse on, appreciating every bit of haste it grants. As the village draws near, she raises her silver horn to her lips and sends out a blast on it. Again and again she winds it, and as she approaches the middle of the village her voice erupts from her. "Awake! Awake! Come to me, all who wish to see the sun rise again!" She does not slip off of the horse, but pulls it to a halt, awaiting whatever her destiny has in store.

Lights spring suddenly from windows, and then doorways, as fearful villagers crowd out of their homes. Some bear weapons. Others who come are warriors, blinking their sleep or drunkenness away and attempting to arm themselves for this unprecedented event.

The Lady looks at those who move against her, and suddenly the light of lanterns and the moon is suddenly reduced to mere sparks against the blazing radiance that surrounds her. "Come to me! Put down your weapons, they can bring only death!" she demands, her voice ringing through every corner of the village.

About half of the villagers who came armed do so immediately, throwing down their weapons and falling to the ground, kow-towing or weeping, or simply shielding their eyes from the intolerable glare, the human-sized sun that has suddenly shed illumination over their village. About half of those that remain armed quiver in fear and awe, unable to nock bow or raise spear. A few exceptionally hardy and fearless souls cast their weapons, none of which have the least effect.

"HOLD!" rings out the voice of Gallius. She lifts up a hand, her eyes glaring at those who would dare cast weapons. "Stand where you are! This night I pray no blood need spill. If you wish the dawn's sky to be red rather than the ground, heed me!" In a voice that once again booms Gallius shouts, "Come to me, people of Arzes! Women, children, men! Those who would live in the light of truth, come to me!" More softly she says, "For I have a tale to tell."

Watching the people gather, aye, to the very last child, Gallius calls upon the essence, willing into her words the power of loyalty and creating images to bring her words to life. "My name is Lady Gallius Leom of the Zenith Caste, servant to the Unconquered Sun and Captain of the armies of Non Valon, Chosen of Luna." Images are spun out, images of the brilliance of the sun, of the moon, and also of Non Valon, shown in his human form. "Those who follow me are powers of liberation and we desire you be free of the yolk of the Realm. Of unrighteous persecution and lies." The images shift, showing a village free and independent, where misfortunes still exist, but are overcome without meddling from outside.

Gallius surveys those listening, a sad smile coming to her lips, "But it is not an easy quest. The Realm is powerful. Aye, far more powerful than I am, or those who fight with me. And war, good people of Arzes, means death, which even the Chosen of the Unconquered Sun cannot completely prevent." She bows her head, and brushes a hand over her cheeks. Tears? From this glowing being? Indeed, she weeps.

"I fear that many sons and daughters shall dry up and burn in the fires of war, people of Arzes." She raises her head and intones, "But I would spare this place." She moves out towards those gathered, reaching out to hold a child. "I do not want these little ones to die. I would not have them cry alone when their kin are taken from them too soon." She lets out a sigh, her words affecting her no less than those gathered, "But death in war is inevitable, you would have to say." She sets the baby girl back in her mother's arms and walks away, her back to the crowd for a time.

Gallius turns abruptly and says simple, "But you are wrong. War need not be of the spear and sword. This is war of truth against lies. Do you really wish to die? Of course not!" Her chin rises and she looks skyward, "Nor do I. I come here, unarmed, to speak with you. To save you. I lead an army that right now awaits the command to burn this place and take all that may be had for their own. Foolish! Wasteful!" She clenches a fist before her, her face contorting in righteous wrath.

"For what could we take that is more valuable than even one of the lives that will be lost! Yes, even the smallest child and the eldest have their value, and kingdoms of wealth stand worthless beside them" says Gallius. The Lady looks over the crowd and smiles, "You are not worthless. That is the truth. The Realm would have you believe you need them for everything. You are not so powerless. I give you now the hope of freedom. I give you now the right to avoid being raided. I ask that you help us win your freedom. You will find you have many allies, unlikely as it may seem." The lady tries her best to gauge the crowd, meeting eyes with craftsmen, maids, and warriors alike.

"Even now, I fear that my rivals are striking out at your kindred," says Gallius. "I will hide nothing from you that I know. I was sent here to take whatever supplies I might, with no regard for your fates." She sighs softly, her glow fading for a moment, "I cannot do this. I must not." With a sudden brilliance she says, "I will not. Let me show those who have brought me to this place that there is more value in this town than weapons and grain. Let me show them that you tire of the lies of the Realm. Let us show them all that this conflict need not lead to nothing but death and suffering."

The crowd is listening with rapt attention. Some are crying; some of the soldiers have thrown off their armor.

The Lady smiles and again moves out amongst the people. She helps raise a weeping man to his feet. "These tears you cry," she says softly, "Are the fault of my failings." The man stares at her, not even thinking to wipe his face. A few stare at her, some murmuring softly in protest. Gallius extends a hand, bringing silence. "It is my fault. My kind are the Chosen of the Sun. We are given powers to stand among men as beacons of truth, but we failed you. I am sorry, we failed you all. The Solars forgot that our purpose was to be among you, and came to think they belonged above you. But our powers are meant to serve. I come here now knowing that you have been told horrible lies about my kind. But in every lie there is hidden a sliver of truth. We failed. I come now to you, offering myself to help you. I cannot turn back the tide of war. It is upon us all."

"But I can offer you mercy where those about me would offer none," says Gallius. "Our army shall need help. I ask you to aid us as you may. I do not wish to take more than you can give safely. I do not ask you to aid us in arms, but I will not lie." With this, the Lady guides the man she helped to the front, holding his hand in front of everyone gathered here. "We need you, people of Arzes. Will you aid us? I offer you what little I can. Knowledge, safety, hope, and the truth that I know. Is this enough for you?"

The crowd watches the lady closely, listening as if all their hopes and dreams were bound to her next word. When she asks they respond in a boom of affirmation, and then fall silent, waiting to listen once more.

Even as the people cry out their agreement, the sun rises, its brilliant beams casting about the Chosen. Gallius maintains her hold on the villager's hand and raises the other. "My army is coming. Do not fear! We do not seek battle, but friendship! Do not be fooled by what you see, but trust what you feel in your heart. The Realm has lied to you. You have been treated like dogs, to be kicked or called whenever it has suited your unjust masters." And as she speaks, the apemen do approach. They march in-step and carry their weapons much as men. At the head of the line comes Gari and Malis, both glittering as their mail catches the light of the sun.

Even through this the power of Gallius holds the villagers, who turn to watch the oncoming force but do not show any signs of fear. Their faith is rewarded as the apemen, on a sign from their captain, all sit down, their weapons set aside as they, too, listen.

Gallius allows the villagers time to look back to her before continuing. "Even such as these are our friends, if you will it." She smiles warmly and says, "It is dawn, and only the sky is red. Let us be thankful, my friends." Gallius waits for a moment, looking from eye to eye, weighing the thoughts of each mind as it is revealed to her. For a long time, there is silence as she considers and measures these strangers who are not so different than her own people.

Seeing some sign that no one else can detect, Malis casts to Gallius her spear. Catching it with a raised hand, Gallius leaves it raised, so the sun can glint off the keen edges of the blade. "Who shall stand with me? Who stands with the Unconquered Sun?"

The crowd roars as every villager calls out their desire to serve, to aid, to do anything of use. Gallius simply surveys these men, who through words alone she now considers her own people. Her own blood. She smiles, proud of these people who have chosen the truth and the light rather than the lies of those who would use them for fodder.

---

Overhead, a predatory bird wheeled in the growing light of dawn. Now it descends, swooping past Gallius as she rides weakly in the saddle, marching her newly-trained ape-troops away from the village. In the distance the hawk lands, taking on another shape, a familiar one indeed. Valon waves casually as he steps forward, and Gallius reins in her mount before him.

Gallius looks upward, sighing softly. Not in sadness or disgust, but in purest exhaustion. She whispers softly, "The weight of the Sun is far too great a mantle for these weak shoulders."

"I have good news and I have bad news," murmurs Valon, smiling. "The bad news is that you have not shown your skill at managing a battle, only averting one. You will doubtlessly be challenged in a duel by my current war-leader." He brushes casually at his clothes, then continues. "The good news, of course, is that my conditions were set, and you have probably achieved far better than your rival. So assuming you survive, expect to be leading my men." And he turns away, walking casually toward the forest beyond.

"I better not have to kill him," mutters Gallius. "I still expect him to find me a worthy mount."

---

Gallius enters the camp shortly after sunrise. She comes alone. She need not ask, she knows where Bloody Axe is, and she will go to him after surveying his camp. Once she reaches the man whom she will replace she says, "A matter stands between, and there is only one way in which it might be resolved." Her voice is calm, serious, and her words direct. "It is said among my people that a leader can command only if she knows the measure of those under her."

Gallius, seeing that she will be allowed to speak, continues. "A man cannot be measured until he has been defeated. So one can never know their strength until it has been exceeded." A smile comes to her lips, but it is far from pleasant, "Today, one of us shall know their strength, and the other shall seek still the one who can teach them. Bloody Axe, you and I are about to come to understand each other. I warn you, though, you are a worthy opponent, and I shall do all in my power to defeat you as swiftly as possible. Will you come with me?"

The former war-chief looks up from his work, as a few of the ape-men on the training grounds back away. "I am not under you," the bestial barbarian sneers. "Non Tribe will not follow humans." His burly, furry hands slide easily around the twin handles of his bloody-bladed weapons of war slung at his sides. The warrior draws his blades, leaping backward and assuming a crouching fighting-stance. "Come and understand steel," the feral hybrid challenges.

Gallius drops back into a combat stance, watching her opponent for a moment, and then attacking. It seems she's holding back though, and so her strike is met by the blades of her enemy. "Good!" she says, making it clear that this is still very much a test. He has yet to prove he's worthy of her full attention.

Gallius strikes again, testing this opponent further, though she still takes no advantage of what she really is or is capable of. It seems that she'll test a little more, swinging at the legs of her opponent in an attempt to sweep him off his feet.

Gallius strikes the armor of her foe and moves back to the ready, ready to continue this duel. Or perhaps it really is simply a test? Whatever it is, she seems as focused as she is relaxed. "Now I think it is time to measure you," she intones in a voice utterly empty of all emotion.

Stepping back and meeting the eyes of her opponent, Gallius suddenly blazes with the very light of the Unconquered Sun. "Come, Bloody Axe," she says to her opponent, raising a hand and beckoning as she glares at him.

Overcoming the dread of the Exalted, Bloody Axe raises one of his weapons and strikes. He of all people is intimately familiar with the primal fear that one of the Chosen can inspire, yet even his axe wavers as it swings.

Meanwhile, more and more of the ape-men - those who returned with either of the leaders, and those who remained here in camp - are gathering around the rough stone square of the ruins' training-grounds, where the two leaders clash like angry bulls. Whoops and shouts of competition begin to arrise as blow after fierce blow is traded.

Gallius steps back from the blow, her eyes narrowed. "Good. Now let us begin." Like a serpent she moves forward, no longer holding anything back, but seeking to teach her opponent his measure in every way. Her attack when it comes starts seemingly as a sweep, but she shifts her feet midway, leaping into the air and swinging in a lifting spiral across his chest.

The rapid attack cuts cleanly through one of the joints of the beast-warrior's armor and he howls in pain. He swings about, trying to reposition his axes for offense - too slow, too slow! - and unable to do anything about the coruscant shafts of light radiating from his opponent and paralyzing him with dread.

Gallius rises on one foot, bringing her spear to rise behind her in a sparkling arc. She smiles calmly, and as her opponent draws close she moves swiftly to meet his attack. His thrust is pushed away with a snort of disgust. Pushing the blades away to her right she spins about, essence blasting through her as her spear lashes out at her opponent. All about Gallius her anima banner burns, the lion seeming to roar its challenge fearlessly as its bearer faces down her opponent.

Gallius again strikes her opponent and moves swiftly into a ready position. All the while her anima banner glares down at her foe, the beast above her growing stronger, brighter, more terrible even as the enemy becomes weak. "Again," says Gallius. When her foe comes forth, she swings out wildly, knocking his blade away as if it were no more than an obnoxious insect. The lady again spins, facing away from her opponent and swinging her attack behind her own back towards the exposed legs of her opponent, the spear moving so swiftly it whistles through the air.

Again Bloody Axe is wounded, and again a cheer rises from some of the more combative elements of the audience. Furious betting has begun spontaneously, between those who feel loyalty to their captain, and to those who can see who will be the clear winner of this battle.

This time when the attack comes, the lady is not quite prepared, and the damage is not light. She reels from the attack, stumbling back and just barely keeping her feet. Despite her condition, Gallius keeps moving, casting herself at her opponent in a roll to get under his defenses and then stabbing upwards at his throat.

Gallius stands, glaring at her opponent. With a snarl she lunges forward, her blade wheeling about in a blur, striking first at the thigh of her foe, then darting back to plunge into his chest, and then finally to strike across his face, throwing his blood into the air. Even while her blood is spilling Gallius spins away, weapon held at ready for her opponent.

Unlike his opponent, Bloody Axe does not feel like fighting to the very edge of his life in a combat he can already feel the conclusion of. His blood burns on his skin as he lowers one knee with great reluctance to the crimson-stained stone of the training ground. "I.. submit," his deep bass growls, edgy with frustrated anger.

Gallius lets out a sigh, bracing herself on the spear. She cannot be angry, it seems. Instead, she laughs softly, "Thank the Sun and Moon for that. Our friend Non Valon would be most unhappy if we both died today." More seriously, she says, "Rise, if you are willing to serve your master still. Our real battle lies ahead. Perhaps now we can understand each other a little better."

Bloody Axe rises weakly, watching with undisguised envy as the Solar's bleeding wounds close themselves by force of concentration. He waves a hand toward the now-silent ape-men crowding the stone square and begins bellowing. "Medicinal herbs and aid for our wounded commander!" In this way, though his wounds are great as well, does he retain some face among his comrades, and a curt nod of his head in Gallius' direction as he himself falls into the waiting assistant embrace of onrushing ape-men signals his acceptance of his new destiny.

Gallius watches Bloody Axe move and simply turns to face these men. Her army now, in the service of Non Valon. She has to show her strength one last time, even if it kills her. Her voice comes like gale and she calls out, "Let us prepare! We shall march to Greyfalls! To victory!!"

As one, the ape-warriors - her warriors - raise their weapons to the heavens beyond, their leader's battle-cry sinking into their hearts and rising from their throats.