Chi-Yosh rounds the side of the dungeon, the recovered girl in his hands. A cluster of prisoners has collected beneath one of the remaining walkways just below the dungeon's entrance, some brave enough to have collected arms from the building's defenses or fallen soldiers. Chi-Yosh races across the uneven, craggy earth, scanning the skyline for Ramar. Some emergency must have called the Ship's attention. He finds the mortals getting restless, waving their swords menacingly towards the above walkways or at eachother, one or two striking Chi-Yosh as a little too unstable to be armed. The Dragon-Blooded lingers close to the dungeon's wall, wanting nothing to do with the on-edge prisoners.

Meanwhile, in the central tower, Davron follows Gallius down forbidding stone hallways and dark arches, powerbow in hand, ready as possible for whatever might impede their progress, or stalk them from behind. Gallius will need a few seconds to put down her captive, if trouble occurs - if his bow cannot give her those few seconds, then he might as well hand it in. All the same, he hopes the two of them can manage to find a way to the airship as quickly as possible - the battle with the servants of Death has drained him critically.

Gallius changes the position of her captive on her shoulder, trying to keep the load balanced. Somewhere in the back of her mind she wonders how she's going to deal with this later. Thankfully that is just a slight buzzing as she rushes onward, making for the ship. It's time to escape this dark place, and such questions can be answered at a later date. Now is no time for hesitation or doubt.

As the other Solars rush out to find the ship, the ship returns to them. Ramar pilots it, his sword still wreathed in the flames it has been imbued with. A green-hued explosion marks Ramar's presence within the necro-surgical labs. As the smoke lashes out into the sky, the airship plows through the cloud, and descends where the others have gathered. "I am glad to see you're all alive!"

From Ramar's position aboard the airship, he can finally see some productive results - the large hatch on the central tower opens ponderously. Within, concealed by shadows, a vague outline is discernible. His eyes strain to catch motion, any hint of the necromancer from earlier. Nothing appears until -- there, motion! Six figures are taking up a position. Motion follows, and Ramar identifies it immediately. The Solars' captured airship has been re-captured, and with Davron at the helm it's ascending quickly into the darkened skies of the Underworld.

"So good of you to drop in!" Yells Chi-Yosh, relieved. As several ladders are tossed over for the prisoners to climb aboard, the Solar organizes the disgruntled, uncooperated group and herds them up as peacefully as he can, accomplishing the feat without any overt violence. It's an uncomfortable climb with the girl clinging to him, but agility and an arm-up by Corona proves useful. Passing the girl over to the Sidereal who takes her below deck, the Dawn joins Ramar at the helm as the airship lifts up. "Yana!" He calls, spotting her perched atop the storage facility, still holding the Abyssal, while Spring and Oaken Claw hunker down beside her.

"Papa!" cries the girl again, and upon hearing this, Chi-Yosh notes a remarkable thing. The white Abyssal's eyes snap shut before he does anything else, and he looks as much away from the source of the voice as he can. But even Chi-Yosh can recognize the look of strained anguish that passes across the man's face.

Davron frenetically steers the pyramid through the opening, barely avoiding the still-opening doors of the roof hatch in his rush to escape the Deathlord's domain. "Gallius, is everyone accounted for?" he cries out, leaving the management of the vessel's crew and passengers in Gallius' capable hands. His own are fully occupied ensuring that the pyramid-ship navigates safely through the hostile skies - and in directing it wherever Gallius orders to pick up any stragglers.

He glances to the south, and notes with approval that Ramar's vessel is hovering near the dungeons, apparently conducting an evacuation of its own - apparently of more people than they started with, at that. As soon as Gallius gives the go-ahead, Davron will steer his own vessel nearby, to defend Ramar's vessel while it is immobile - and then to fly in formation with it as the combined strike force makes it escape.

Gallius need only cry out for Valon to hurry to the ship, everyone else seemingly accounted for. The mental checklist is handled swiftly and efficiently. "Once we have Valon onboard we must flee swiftly," says Gallius. She has set the Abyssal knight down, trusting him to not flee, though she's hardly anything but extremely wary near him.

The ship moves. Engines of Essence and arcane technology whine as they struggle in this deadened atmosphere. In the eerie green glare of this place beneath all crypts, this place filled with ill-winds and leaden silences, the Pride of the Nation gives the ship an almost ominous silhouette. All those who live, and even those who do not are aboard the two ships as they fly swiftly from the outpost. It is a difficult way back, but they will endure. The night has gone well. No one has fallen to shadows, and the Solars have claimed their prize.

---

As the airships sail through the dead air of the Underworld, the waif-like girl Chi-Yosh found in a cell looks up at her stern jailers, then over at the white-haired Abyssal who sits, eyes still tightly shut, among similar guardians. As Chi-Yosh happens to pass, she raises a thin finger and points at him. "Papa," she says again, and repeats it in her reedy voice.

Chi-Yosh pauses. Perhaps he shouldn't have put the girl in here with the other Abyssal. It either causes him pain of the physical, or perhaps the emotional kind. Finally, he nods, and Coronna and Wolf Brother escort her to a small room across from the bound Abyssal's chamber. Here, Chi-Yosh smiles at the young girl, and sits down in front of her. "Can you tell me about Papa?"

The girl shakes her head a bit, tears running down from her crimson eyes as she clutches her hands together. "Papa," she repeats insistently, hopefully, her voice tinged with a despair a child of her age should never know.

Chi-Yosh stares back at the weeping girl, and it weights his heart. He first closed the door on her in hesitation and uncertainty, wary of what power she may have. And now, he can feel the sorrow in her. If she is faking it, she has much power, and he opens himself up to that potential threat, by leaning forward. "She tried to feed on me earlier, with no malice in the action. If she is fed, she may sleep, which I pray Helios might grant that until I have this mess sorted." Looking up to Corona and her Lunar companion, "If I go unconcious, or if anything seems **wrong**, remove her from me." With that, the Solar removes his belt, and wraps it tight around his forearm, tapping the wrist, before extending it out to the girl.

Warily the girl wipes her eyes, then leans close. Her fangs sink with some pain into Chi-Yosh's offered wrist, and her mouth closes around it. Then she's gently nursing, letting blood flow from the wound into her mouth, consuming it like a normal child might drink cow's milk.

After several more moments of feeding, the girl is gently but forcibly pushed away, and Chi-Yosh bandages his wrist. He feels no different from before, but as the last of his blood disappears down the girl's throat and she licks her lips, he can feel the soft voice of her in his mind, and he knows it is her: _Please, take me to papa soon, Scary._

Chi-Yosh is startled by the voice, but he understands it. His blood carries Essence, and the gesture of feeding starts a bond. Gazing back into the girl's tearful eyes, the Solar nods. "Soon," he murmurs. "Soon. Rest now, see Papa soon." Rising to his feet, and putting pressure on the bite. To her guards, "I am going to see what I can find out about our new guests, and then we'll see what to do about her, and the one across the hall."

Chi-Yosh exits the small room, in search of the Ledaal spy, wanting to deal with what is more easily understandable. The Wood Dragon of House Ledaal is known as Delver in Hidden Jade, who was sent to discover the Deathlords ambitions in the Scavengar Lands. Ten years ago, he was sealed away in their dungeons, and his time there has been a blur, due to his capturs' magical torture.

After a curt discussion with Delver, Chi-Yosh goes off in search of Yana, to get a better perspective of what went on with the fanged Abyssal in the Torture chamber. When Yana and the Monks went into the chamber, they found the Abyssal strapped into a device. He commanded they free him, and the immaculates did. Before any further command could be issued, Yana put him at swordpoint, while the two Dragon-Blooded sought the ghosts outside.

Gallius spends her time stoically surveying the ground as the ship speeds away. She eventually turns her mind to the Abyssal at her side. She might as well start a dialogue of some kind. "I am going to give you a while to be free of your chains. I will ask the question again after a few months and if you wish to be master of your own will rather than a servant of the Deathlords, you will be aided. Else, you will be left at the edge of a Shadowland to do as you will, and if we ever meet again there shall be no quarter." There is a brief pause and Gallius says, "I am the Lioness, and I will give you time to make your decision."

The burning brands that are the thing's eyes seem to leap up for a moment, a sort of sparkle of excitement, interest or anticipation. "We will talk, but now is not the time," the knight says. "My information is not crucial enough that your life on this flight is in jeopardy."

On the deck of the other ship, Gallius and the dark knight can spy light flickering off a Volo's wings, offering a signal before it dives off the deck. An upwards glide brings it touching down on the deck beside the pair, Chi-Yosh releasing Ramar before stepping out of the winged vehicle himself. "I hope I am not interrupting. Though I do have some questions for our guest," says the Su'Katan.

"Huh." Ramar looks around carefully, regarding the Abyssal with wary eyes. He marks the man carefully, noting him through Essence enhanced senses, then he regards Gallius. After a moment he asks, "So... what happens now?"

"There is nothing to interrupt," says Gallius. "I do not think our guest will answer questions until we are away from here, however. As for what happens now.. it is another waiting game." She has little else to say. She is already thinking of what the future shall bring. This little raid is going to disturb a great deal, she imagines.

"Then we should go?" asks Ramar. "If we fly swiftly we can be well away from here. Where do we need to go to er... get answers?"

Davron joins the group, taking a breather from the demands of piloting. "For now we should concern ourselves with returning safely. We can worry about what comes after when we return to the nation and recover." He glances at Chi-Yosh's hand, and briefly touches his own bandage over the wounds left by the tentacled fiend. "I see I'm not the only one wounded..."

Chi-Yosh glances across the way at the other ship. He would like to understand the story between the fanged one and the girl, and soon. But pressing for the answers on one who Gallius says will cooperate later may make matters worse. He may have to exercise patience for the both of them. Looking up, his thought process broken by Davron, "Yes... I stumbled onto some creature that was being held in the prison."

"If anyone is seriously harmed Oaken Claw can heal them," says Gallius calmly. She was untouched, by fortune and prowess. "I wish we had put an end to more of them. I imagine we shall see them again. And likely quite sooner than we would like."

---

The Nation receives its two wayward airships. Many have departed the ships in the meanwhile, and they weigh lighter in the sky. Valon, with a jaunty wave, tossed himself over the side near his jungle home and took the warstrider with him. The Wyld Hunt have asked to visit the city of Greyfalls temporarily. Oaken Claw and Spring too are intent on visiting the city. Yurgen and Samea have their own business to return to, but intend to stay in the Nation for a time.

Upon reaching the Nation, the ships are directed to land near Bridal Veil, to a quiet place where conversations may be had more or less safely. The first order of business is to manage the 'child' and her 'papa', since they seem the most pressing. Gallius will ask Chi-Yosh to bring the child and have a few others stop their ears to bring the other along. "I imagine we'll have to make him write, else we might have fear of being put under some spell?" Gallius asks of Yana.

The assassin shrugs. "I only saw what I saw for a few seconds," she demurs. "But I'd rather be cautious."

"We will be very cautious. I'd hate to have to destroy someone now," says Gallius. "But what must be done, will be done. The question remains even after this interrogation. What do we do with such dangerous guests?"

Chi-Yosh turns towards Gallius from overseeing the captive transportation. "We could have him agree to an Oath from Ramar. Agree to not bring harm to us unless in defense, until he is released. He can agree to such an oath in writing, and Ramar put it into words, before we un-gag him."

Davron rubs his chin. "That will help with the interrogation. But... after that, then what? I doubt the Deathlords will take kindly to us imprisoning their servants - perhaps more so than if we had simply killed them in battle."

Meanwhile, Ramar, who has been watching the prisoners, calls to Gallius and Chi-Yosh. "He's talking," announces Ramar after a few more seconds of observation. "With his hands. A gesture system used by people without hearing."

"That will do then," says Gallius. "If he doesn't speak it will make our lives much easier. For the moment." She turns back to Chi-Yosh, "An oath is a good idea, of course. But still, I do not feel it wish to keep so many unique prisoners at the same time. We will need to find help."

"'Give me my daughter, please,'" translates Ramar for the benefit of the others, reading the man's flowing finger-gestures. The Abyssal is still quite well-guarded, with his wrists bound together. He could not enact the ritual motions of sorcery, but it seems this form of communication is not beyond him even bound.

"Chi-Yosh," says Gallius. "Bring the girl here. I think this request is one to be honored. We have no will to harm these captives. In fact," she says, turning to face the bound man, "We may be able to help you. But that depends greatly upon your goals."

The girl is brought forward, and once freed she rushes forward, flinging her arms widely around the man's neck and crying, "Papa!" She embraces him tightly, and he returns the affection as much as he is able in his state, tears rolling down his cheeks. His eyes are still closed tightly, and as more tears seem ready to come, he turns his face away to allow them to fall.

Chi-Yosh's sigh of relief nearly makes him sag. For a moment, the questioning knot that had formed in his stomach over the whole matter eases. Turning away from the pair, he lets the man and his daughter have their moment in peace. Judging from the sorrow in her voice, and the raw emotion on both of their parts, peace has something they have not found in a long time.

Gallius watches quietly, growing more curious. An Abyssal who actually has a child? She will wait for a few moment and softly say, "When you are ready to answer some questions, we will continue. Take your time. We are safe here. For the moment, at least."

Davron bites his own lip. It's one thing to understand, intellectually, that your foes are people just like yourself, but he had not thought to see it so graphically demonstrated, especially with an Abyssal. He had little to ask in this interrogation in any case, but now a question is answered in his heart that he would never have dreamed to ask.

Carefully the man does his best to set his seeming daughter aside, although he makes no objection as she sidles up next to him and snuggles close. His fingers continue to move, revealing the sign language that Ramar translates as needed: _I will not speak in her presence. I will not use my power against you anyway, as long as she remains unharmed._

"I do not think we will need to worry of that, then," says Gallius. "But we have started out poorly. I'm the Lioness, and these are my friends. If I understand things correctly, we have rescued you." She looks to Chi-Yosh, then, allowing him an opening to ask questions, if he wishes it. She wouldn't mind some time to collect her thoughts.

Chi-Yosh glances over the man's shoulder. "Ramar, please untie his hands. At least let him speak that way unhindered." Once the binds are undone, the Dawn stands before the Abyssal and his daughter. "I am Chi-Yosh. Who do we speak to?"

More signing. _I am Blood on Snow, Speaker for the Dead. An emissary, a diplomat. I was forced into the Dowager's service with my daughter as hostage._

"And you were in the torture chamber because you would not agree to her terms?" Chi-Yosh asks, more to confirm. He has most of what he initially wanted to know, but there is still more to know out of curiousity.

_I .. resisted. I grew angry about the curse she placed on me._

"The curse is your voice, isn't it?" Gallius asks softly.

_The curse is more than that,_ the ambassador signs slowly. _If I speak in the presence of my daughter, or if I see her, I will die. I can compel obedience if I do not choose my words with care, but I have learned how to talk in ways that do not invoke the dark gift._

"There is no curse that cannot be undone," says Gallius. That is a faith any Solar must cling to. "So why did the Dowager select you? I must admit I know little of the circumstances surrounding the Abyssals and their changing." Or perhaps there is no easily found reason at all.

_I was the leader of a death-cult before my Exaltation. I refused my wife's desire for children, thinking that to bring new life into the world would only be a punishment. When she passed away, I celebrated as I had been taught. I was Exalted by the Dowager, who reunited me with my wife. I thought myself grateful then, but.. gradually I saw the Dowager for what she was. She was not the god of death I worshipped, but an evil thing. Among the Deathlords, she is harsh and pitiless, caring little for human souls. When my daughter was born to my deceased wife and I, we raised her for a time.. But her birth gave my wife's soul peace, and she passed on._

_The Dowager, knowing my loyalty was wavering, took her for hostage, and laid her dark gift upon me, to make me an even better ambassador - or manipulator. Since then I have sought a way to leave her service, to strike out on my own and be the Speaker for the Dead in my own way. So many souls suffer needlessly.._ More tears trickle from the man's tightly-shut eyes as he signs. _I wish to be the bridge of life and death that helps them._

"Then your desires are not so far from my own," says Gallius. "Tell me, what is the name of your Caste? I imagine there is such a thing, even among the Abyssals. You are the first Abyssal I have spoken to in Creation who desires to be free." But not the first Abyssal she has spoken to with such desires elsewhere.

_Moon-shadow,_ the signed language renders it. _Do not misunderstand - I do not regret the touch of death on me, and my daughter's blood is mingled with the dead. But I refuse to be the monster the Dowager wishes me to be._

Chi-Yosh looks to the faces of his Circle. To the Su'Katan, Blood on Snow is worth the effort to have the curse lifted, even to keep in ties with. If there ever was a deserving cause for the Death-taint, it is he. But in time, that decision may change, and the desire to once more stand in the light of Helios may come. He remains silent, not sure what to say to Blood on Snow just yet, or even his circle, but the feelings are there to read.

"We will do what we can to aid you in breaking that curse you bear. And we will trust you to give us the opportunity to show you that the other curse is also worth cleansing," says Gallius. "In the meantime, we must find a place to keep you that is safe for you, your child, and the people of this Nation. The Dowager's wrath shall no doubt be turned upon us soon enough. I have killed one of her servants and my circle has apparently stolen captives of great importance to her." The Lioness wears a wry grin here and lets out a sigh, "Perhaps we shall have to turn to others who can protect you with more certainty than even my circle can."

_If my daughter comes with me, I will walk to the maw of Malfeas itself,_ his rapid sign-language declares.

"Do not speak such words," says Gallius. "Fate, I have found, is easily tempted to put such oaths to the test. There are some words spoken hastily that we may regret past the circles of this existance." She turns to Chi-Yosh then, "We should speak with the servant of House Ledaal now."

Chi-Yosh leaves Blood on Snow with his daughter, leading the Circle to a different part of the Keep. Delver in Hidden Jade has been spending his free time enjoying the luxuries denied to him for a decade. Things like a matress, with comfortable sheets, and food from the East, that has an actual pleasant taste to it. It is this dining that is interrupted as the Solars enter, to which Delver pays respect by standing.

Gallius considers Delver with a steady look, finally nodding to herself after a few long, silent moments. "It seems you are recovering swiftly," she begins. "I am the Lioness. Are you well enough to talk over matters of grave importance?"

"My life is in your hands," the Dynast replies, stating the obvious in a calm voice. "I survived worse than this. Comfort will not kill me," he adds with a faint smile.

"Life is one thing," says Gallius. "Loyalty an entirely different matter. You are of House Ledaal, I have heard, but it seems you have been imprisoned for a rather long time." She looks to the bed, "May I sit?" She barely waits for an answer to set herself down. "We have much to discuss. There are many things that have changed since you last viewed the sun."

"Such as a force capable of attacking an Abyssal fortress," asks Delver casually. Nevertheless, it is a signal: he understands that something rather abrupt is coming.

"Yes," replies Gallius. "That is a rather recent development. An alliance the likes of which have not been seen since the world fell from its former glory. It is a sign that hope remains for greater events yet, if we can forget our differences and strive for the same thing. The Abyssals are a danger to all life, would you not agree?"

"House Ledaal has always believed that," affirms Delver softly.

"Interesting," says Gallius. "Tell me, how much do you know of your House?" she asks then, subtly changing topics. "You must admit, House Ledaal's interest in the Deathlords is curiously stronger than other houses have shown. Have you ever wondered why that might be?"

Delver chuckles softly and twists and turns his head this way and that; the sound of bones cracking can be heard faintly. "I know enough to have volunteered on a dangerous mission to investigate them," he counters.

"A bold thing to do," says Gallius. "But like many bold things, far from wise. Who sent you on such a mission?" she asks then.

"The head of my house," he replies, promptly. "The only woman with the authority to order such a thing."

"I do not believe I've had the pleasure of meeting her," says Gallius sincerely. "But I have met many of your people. The Realm has many honorable men and women. Some of them must know the full truth of things. I would like to be sure, however. Have you ever encountered Exalts other than the Dragon Blooded in the Realm?"

"Not that I'm aware of," is Delver's even response.

Gallius nods, "The Sidereals are very difficult to detect." She grins wryly, then, imagining Coranna will appreciate that compliment. "But they are influencing the Realm. Unless I miss my guess, it is their encouragement that draws House Ledaal to the question of Abyssals."

"Is that so?" Delver's question is neutral, noncommittal, like so much else. Gallius can recognize what he's doing - making casual conversation, skating away from anything that might cause him to divulge something or react.

Gallius nods, seeing that Delver's condition is one that rest and food cannot cure. But perhaps charisma and confidence can. She draws upon essence lightly, and floods herself with presence until just standing before Delver she dominates the room. But there is more required than just power. Finesse, too, will be useful. "You are still thinking with the mind of a prisoner," she observes. "We will walk awhile under the light of the sun, and perhaps you will feel better.."