Word travels like wildfire up the chain of command, into the lair of the Queen of Fangs: Someone is at the gates. Were it not for the savage civility of calling parley, something reserved for matters of diplomacy and Silver Pact business, the arrogant intruder would be no more. So the woman stirs, forced to walk to her border and see this impudence.

There waits the Sun's Chosen, brow lit with the herald of the Dawn. And as she arrives, the Chosen watches her like a wolf freshly cornered, afraid, appraising the threat before it, but never letting it show. The Queen of Fangs simply gives a look, acknowledging, prompting, and giving nothing away. "I am Chi-Yosh, Chosen of the Unconquered Sun, Uf-ya. I have come to lay a challenge at your feet."

"For one cycle of our two Gods, we hunt within the city of Denandsor, I the prey to the Queen of Fangs, the most worthy of predators. If I survive until sunrise again, I have bested the challenge, and earned the Book. The first to succumb to its fear and flee forfeits. The Empty City has been untouched for centuries, one of the few whole remnants of the First Age. Where better to put my life on the line for the one true Relic of the First Age."

With her army of 'courtiers', beastmen and hybrid monstrosities behind her, the Queen of Fangs lets out a derisive laugh at the lone Solar daring her gate. "If you die," she announces, in a voice beautiful as the sound of temple bells at morning, "I lay claim to the lands you guarded. I will refashion them into a paradise with my magics. And if you live..." She lowers her voice now, smiling sweetly. "I'll slay you the moment after you've claimed your prize. I accept your challenge."

---

Rain falls in thick sheets across the walls of the temple-like Manse that houses the Gem of Fearlessness, the stone that even now is empowering Chi-Yosh in the far-off city of Denandsor. This Manse is connected with several others, and about each one are the defenders who've chosen to come here and test their mettle against Raksi and her army.

There is no subtlety to this. This is a war, and Gallius treats it as such. She could not bring her whole army here, but what she has brought are the best. And the variety is impressive. No few Solars have been summoned, and a host of Dragon-Blooded, as well, all aimed at not defeating the army of Raksi, but utterly destroying them. Even demons stand at the ready. As many as Samea could gather on relatively short notice. Dace and Gallius stand ready, waiting. "There will be much blood this day," Dace says gruffly. "We must do everything we can to break them," answers Gallius. "There will be no mercy with Raksi the Mad."

High above the manses, lurking on the wings of a Volo is Ramar. His keen eyes are scouring the ground, surveying the varying manses, ever alert for any sign of Raksi's advance. With the speed of the volo, he'll be able to warn each Manse in turn, preparing the defenders so they are not caught unawares. Below him, the defenders are armed with talismans, such scant magical protections as could be worked by the Solar and other occultists. Wards against wounds, charms of accuracy abound, as well as those that protect against beasts... after all, Raksi is as likely to use inhuman warriors as she is beasts with two legs and two arms.

Though there has been adequate time to prepare mundane troops and materiel, the creation of artifacts of power takes rather longer. However, Davron has not been idle. In addition to providing his considerable expertise to the production of the lesser talismans which equip the mortal army, he has spent effort and Magical Materials toward the reinforcement of the crucial rooms of the Manse. Even if Raksi's forces are able to break through the defensive line, they will find it harder to sabotage it effectively before the defenders can rally and repulse them once more.

But most of all, Davron devotes his time to one other great project. Chi-Yosh, the crack strider pilot of the Circle, is otherwise engaged - so the piloting of the _Pride of the Nation_ must fall to another. It would never have been possible in time without both the material resources of the Nation and the ready hands (and other appendages) of Davron's automaton servitors: the creation, in a few short weeks, of a warstrider bow and its arrows.

Several days are spent simply finding the materials - even in the land governed by the Elemental Pole of Wood, a tree big enough to form the heartwood for the bow is not easy to come by. Even once it is found, it takes many days of work with axe and saw to pare the mighty oak into the shape of a bow - and since there is insufficient time to wait for the wood to dry naturally, great fires must be built to season the wood, and great care taken to prevent the bow from being fatally burned. Lastly, the bowstring requires the core-strands from hundreds of freshly cut vines - and requires the might of the _Pride_ itself to actually string the bow.

Now, strapped tightly inside the _Pride of the Nation_, the freshly-made bow ready to hand, Davron prepares to aid the defense of the Manse with skills more suited for the immediate cause - the eye and hand of a surpassingly powerful Solar archer, driven by the immense might of a warstrider.

The forests, the skies, and the ground itself trembles. At first it cannot be heard over the beating of the rain and the crack of the Storm Spirits' rage, but it comes, creeping in. They swarm through the trees, man, beast, and that which has few names rarely spoken.

Twisted men, glistening with the blood paint of the weak, wield weapons sometimes grafted to their bodies, in extra limbs, or simply in the powerful hands of the most skilled bushmen to cleave through the trees. The whites of their eyes shot with blood pumping with the primal power of the Queen of Fangs, intoxicating with savage rage.

Beasts of two legs and four slice, weave and stomp their way upon the hill - some to the sky, others sending the ground rippling with their fast tunnels tearing dirt asunder. Not just reptilian beastmen of the Queen's brood, but the claimed property of Lunars fallen to her, the living trophies sworn to her love. Birds and apes, spiders and the baying of snarling wolves becoming a beastial symphony dwarfing mere mortal marching drums.

But beyond the beget of Luna's Chosen are fell things, slithering and clawing their way. Things of six legs or more, talons and stingers, and maws of teeth, and the things one can't look at too closely. Great snakes melded with the heads of raptors all snapping in the air, flaring their cobra hoods. Armored feathers bringing flight to the girth of some bear bristling with jagged spines. The earth parts, unleashing the inchor dripping maw of some great thing with no name, tendrils over its head raking the hair, heralding its shriek of hunger.

Looking out at an army that surely should be able to destroy her men many times over, Gallius draws about herself a calm confidence. She stares skyward. So they shall call the spirits against her people? There is no need for barked orders. The plans have long been known. The bows are readied, and in the hands of the gifted Immaculates of Wood, no spirit is safe. The soldiers of the Nation of the Sun do not quail at the sight of this repulsive host, but instead steel themselves for the battle, seeing the beasts that would spill over all Creation should no end be brought to them this day, their will's all bolstered by their Queen and the Gods.

The power of Immaculate Archery peppers the attacking foes with arrows of human scale but superhuman power - but even this is not enough, at times. A terrible three-mawed creature, smoldering poison dripping from its twisted fangs, breaks through the front lines and threatens to swallow a squadron of archers in one gulp - only to be thrown backward by the force of an arrow taller than a man. The thing emits an ear-piercing, jarring chord of a screech, and attempts to escape into immateriality, only to find to its brief dismay that Davron's arrows can pierce the material veil - as well as its flesh.

Ramar descends on wings of Artifice and Essence. The bright flare of his Anima coruscates around his body, enveloping the Volo, nearly shielding the Solar from sight. The rich voice of invocation reverberates around Ramar's form, and the rain itself seems to dance around his body, not quite touching him... and then reality changes. As a sword sheathed in flame traces one final fiery rune through the air, Ramar thrusts a fist groundwards. The force of this blow ripples from droplet to droplet, sending them on a far more deadly course. The droplets take on the sharpness of a thousand tiny needles, moving so swiftly that their very form is as hard and cold as ice, following the will of Ramar into one of the beastly champions, shredding through flesh. With terrific elegeance, Ramar soars after them, brow lit by a halo of golden-white light. His sword carves a horrible arc through the air, burning away the rain as he moves here and there, daunting the advancing foe.

Gallius doesn't just lead from the front. She defines it. She did not bring Jin-nu to this fight. She could not bear the thought of putting her beloved friend through the blood bath that she intends to make here. She called upon another 'friend'. Like so many of those who stand with her this day, Rain of Fire once tried to kill the Lioness. During her Lunar trial, it was Rain of Fire who sought to destroy the Solar, erupting in fire and ash. On this day, the Dragon Rain of Fire erupts from the ground bearing Gallius aloft on it's body of essence-formed flame. The fifty foot god shrieks like steam from a monstrous kettle, it's burning wings scalding the air as it bears it's deadly cargo to the fight.

The attack is not gentle. It is not merciful. Gallius' weapon cannot reach from the back of such a great beast, so instead, as Rain of Fire sweeps low over the foremost lines of the enemy, she is cast off his back, and as she falls the brunt of the motion is sent against every foe in her path, and she strikes again and again, using the very power of her attacks to stay aloft. Midmorning Sakura drinks eagerly the blood of barbarian and beast alike as it's flitting wielder alights like a black butterfly, killing every flower she touches. And just as she comes to a stop, Rain of Fire lets blast a gout of lava and burning ashes as the lines beyond her current reach, leaving petrified flesh in its wake, and at her back, inspired by the impossible feat, the soldiers surge forward.

Dead litter the ground like bloody leaves. And over the dead Raksi's army climbs, baring no heart to the meat they trample and roll in - the blood of the weak shall purify the strong. Remains for some offer shields and even weapons for others, as the dead are such a useful tool even against your foe. Fear not death, for it is far better a fate to return to their mistress in failure, and so they come with reckless carnage.

For Gallius, this is a fight against madness. She fights against the worst the Silver Pact has to offer. Raksi made a simple mistake. She threatened the Nation of the Sun. She threatened the people of the Lioness. The penalty for this cannot be dire enough.

And fearsome though Raksi's army of the bestial and the unnatural may be, they offer peril only to the body. To one such as Davron, who has wrestled with the blackness of his very soul and won, an assault on his mere physical person concerns him little. He uses the _Pride of the Nation_, not as an armored shield to cower behind, but as a mighty tool to wield to its utmost, no matter the risk.

Ramar fights to protect his friends. He fights keep Chi-Yosh safe and sane, to keep the soldiers under his charge alive... and whats more he fights to push back the darkness, to stand for what he believes in. He fights because in this battle, the fate of the world hangs in the outcome. The Book of Three Circles, and through it a World of Light, a world of hope, a world full of possibilities and wonder... or madness and death at the hands of Raksi. Ramar, above all else, will not have this inflicted upon Creation.

Sky and earth tear asunder with the roar of the small gods might - Lightning stolen from the Storm Spirits and the scalding air above firey beasts rake like a scythe in wheat, while blades of grass become living daggers where ever the soil roils. And as the source of the elements wither under the far reaching touch of the Dragon, beastmen laiden with torcs howl - the unleashing of dying Essence drawn in and feasted upon like occult scavangers. Fresh power sends them into the fray, turning blades and falling long after mortal wounds score. To a lesser scale, the vicious cycle spreads to the others - the more that fall, the harder they come, dead feeding the living.

At the apex of the conflict, as streams of Essence and the Dragon Lines themselves that connect the Manses together are twisted by the sorcerous might of the defenders and the powers of the Chosen here, the storm-clouds are rent asunder by a pillar of light that blazes upward from the Earth. The battle has drawn out the power of the Demesne that underlies the Manse. The rain evaporates in mid-air with the blazing breath of Gallius' ally, while the jade blades of the Dragon-Blooded cut through the very air and sever the stormwinds with their supernatural sharpness. Light becomes darkness overhead, and in the far distant sky the stars spell out their bloody forecast of the war's end.

---

Dawn comes, and with it bitter cold. In spite of itself, the month of Ascending Fire sends a chill through the bones of the survivors. And Gallius, her armor stained with five colors of blood, looks about her. On one corner of the field, Davron and the _Pride of the Nation_ stand like a steel sentinel, a broken bow held in one mechanical mailed fist. Overhead, Ramar still whirls the skies, tired eyes seeking survivors of the attack force that Raksi sent.

Many of the men are sorely wounded; some are dead, and their ghosts quietly haunt the battlefield as a collection of priests and savants lay their bodies into honorable rest. In time Davron dismounts from his mighty armor and guides the arrangement of burials in such a way that the Essences of the slain men may harmonize with the Dragon Lines surrounding this place.

Even a few of the Dragon-Blooded have met their end. These men and women find their place of honor nearest the Manse itself, and are laid to rest with their arms and armor still upon them. The Solars who gather around the graves feel chills and warmth alternately as the departing spirits of these brave defenders find their way slowly into the next life.

All those who found their last fight in this place died for something, though, and all who followed the Circle to this battle knew the stakes. They fought to give Chi-Yosh a chance, in distant Denandsor. And now, Chi-Yosh must have fought for his life against the Queen of Fangs herself. Quietly, the men and women here wonder if they will be called upon to make another grave soon.