Chi-Yosh stands in the woods, a stout stick held before him. This is what he has been doing for several hours, gazing forward but not seeing. There is nothing but he and the stick. His mind finds its way back to his memories to battles he had never been in. Memory becomes action, following through the motions of the past. One swing, two. This he can do, has trained to do, yet... ONe swing, two, so rapid. Focus, focus. The Barbarians could return, Ramar, seated in the cave, could be liable. One swing, two. Faster, feel, see the body in motion.

The words of Patient Mantis find him then. And so the mind focuses, sees him flow like a river downhill. ONe swing, two, more. It repeates in the mind like shadows playing, until those shadows fit with the ghosts of the past. One swing, two. Three.

One swing, two. Three. The regime is continued as thorough as he can, for four days. The stick as a sword, as a staff, over and over he goes over the ways he had once done, the ways he might continue. Two more days. Breath fills his lungs, and he charges a tree, the stick brought to bare. One swing, two. Three. ONe swing, two. Three. Four.

Meanwhile, Ramar lays in the Cavern, venturing out only towards the end of the days. His body finds it's strength returning, and the fight against the deadly jjungle poison is fought with renewed vigor, though he spends many an hour of many a day in a state of unconsciousness, wandering the depths of his mind.

Chi-Yosh has found that his skill with the improvised weapon has improved. Faster, more sure; he feels more competent then ever with his abilities. Why? He has no idea, but the way each swing comes feels familiar, impowered, perfect. It is nothing to be overconfident for, but when you have moved a certain way after so long, it may dawn on you when these things change, improve.

The days wear on, and as Chi-Yosh's body, mind, and spirit adapt to the maneuvers he teaches himself, and the shadows of the jungle meet their match with his blows, Ramar's body regains it's strength. He no longer spends most of the day sleeping, nor is his every nerve on fire. He is weakened, yes, but the fight is over now, it is merely an act of regaining his full health. A simple task, he assures himself.

Chi-Yosh sits outside the cave. While the sky begins to warm to the coming presence of the Unconquered Sun, beneath the trees darkness hides as though it knows it will be dismissed soon. And as the morning comes, the Sun taking the first glance of the day over his kingdome, the radiance of his gaze filteres through leaves and beneath the canopy of the forest. Breakfast will be soon, he decides.

The dawn finds the cavern at last, and the first rays of light that dare to warm the cooler, shaded depths of the cavern cause Ramar to stir. It is a restless, almost fitful slumber that night, the Solar is troubled, almost, though at the feel of the Sun's light, he calms, and slowly stirs to wakefulness. He shows no sign of being awake, save for the soft glint of light catching his now opened eyes in the darkness.

Outside, the quiet background noises of the forest go quiet.

Chi-Yosh's form grows tense. Stillness is never a good sign. It can only mean two things: a storm of great power, or something has disturbed the animals.

From in the distance, the sound of a great roar can be heard.

_And here I thought I was going to have a peaceful rest..._ By the time the silence has had time to completely take over, Ramar is on his feet, however weary they may be, and heading for the mouth of the cave. The roar does little to stop him in his tracks. "Chi-Yosh, my friend, I am afraid... unnh... we must make haste away from here, though I may be mistaken."

The distant sound grows stronger, and closer. In the distance, the sound of branches breaking as something large and terrible passes by can be heard as well. It seems to be approaching the cave where the two Solars rest.

Chi-Yosh eases to his feet. "We need to go." Power flows from him as he tugs Ramar along. "We move." There is no telling what that is, but that doesn't matter; they are not going to enjoy it.

"Yes, indeed. We have to take but a moment to figure out where it will head, and how to best avoid it. Running may be what it hopes to cause, Chi-Yosh." So says Ramar.

Chi-Yosh glances aside to Ramar. If he wishes to wait... "Come." Ushering the man behind him, Chi-Yosh quickly moves into the scruffed treeline. He kneels down behind the wide trunk of a tree. Pulling the strings of Essence around him, the Dawn is an unremarkable thing of the woods. "Get behind me, keep low."

It seems that the Solar is quite willing to do as instructed. Ramar gets behind Chi-Yosh as the Dawn begins pulling the strings of Essence around, making them seem to be little more than a scattering of woods, with any luck. He remains still, calm, and quiet, senses slipping slowly into their Essence-Enhanced mode.

Out of the brush there tears an enormous beast, recognizable by both men as the bane of the northern and eastern woods - a Tyrant Lizard, a creature of ancient times that has survived into the present day through sheer stubbornness. It sniffs at the air hungrily, bawling and roaring and casting about for the strange scent that had teased it before.

Chi-Yosh thinks fast. It is, at heart, an animal. Animals will instinctively fight or flee. He has never ran afoul with such a beast, but if it is anything like any other animal... "Ramar, stay still. If I do not ward it off, Run." With that, he's charging towards the cave opening. If his plan does not work, then his tools may.

"I can't just leave you..." whispers Ramar, "But if your plan does not work I have something in mind that may buy us a little time, at least." He remains as still as he can, though as Chi-Yosh runs towards the Beast, he readies himself to spring into action, even as his muscles sound their protest.

The scent is on the wind again, and the Tyrant Lizard swivels its multi-ton bulk, seeing Chi-Yosh and making for him. The thing's jaw is open, and behind its salivating gullet is an enormous blackness, waiting to swallow the Solar whole, it seems. Sharp teeth glisten ominously and the beast bellows. Each footfall seems to send a shake through the forest floor.

Chi-Yosh cannot make it to his tools. To the poisonous darts, nor the stick that he could have... Instead the Dawn turns on his heel to charge the onrushing Tyrant. Essence blossoms from him; form to the primitive thing now bigger then before. Everything about it is aggressive and dangerous, from the steady charge to the flickering nimbus around it, to the very smell in the air that this could eat the great Tyrant. Footfalls do not tremble the earth, but the roar torn from the lizard's attacker is raw and booming, an equal match for its' bellows.

The great beast wheels suddenly, trying to turn on legs that insist on charging as it rears its head back in fear. The sudden outpouring of magical power and brilliant light sends a spasm through its entire body, and it collapses to the forest floor, skidding rapidly towards Chi-Yosh and tumbling, flailing helplessly all the way.

Chi-Yosh cannot hault his forward run and get out of the way in time. Another bellow, one borne of desperation, to motivate him for what must come. The reptile slides closer, and he hurls himself forward. As soon as one foot touches the great beast's foreleg, a kick, letting both feet touch down on a shoulder. With all reserved might he leaps sideways, curling up tight to roll if he meets the ground.

The bulk of the great Lizard crashes into the stone of the cave entrance and it lies very still. Once again, the forest is quiet. The beast is not dead, but quite stunned. It rises at last, as its senses return and remind it off the radiant streamers of Essence that Chi-Yosh emits. With a frustrated whine it storms off into the forest, leaving behind deep tracks and shredded tree-branches.

Chi-Yosh rolls to a crouch, watching the Tyrant Lizard for a few moments while taking a few menacing steps. Though, as it runs, he is still left with a half stunned state. Causing terror in the wyld barbarians was one thing, striking terror at the beastmen who invaded his dreams was another, but making a tyrant lizard turn tail and run? Eyes fall to his great hands, then after the swath the beast had cut. How powerful is he?

The sights and sounds of Chi-Yosh's anima are made quite visible to Ramar. The way Chi-Yosh seems to grow, becoming great and terrible,the raw power of the Unconquered Sun seeming to be lent to this man as he stands, sending the Tyrant Lizard headed into the trees. _I do not know what I would have done had he not been here..._ muses Ramar, as he steps towards Chi-Yosh, "My friend... you never cease to amaze me."

Looking up from his hands, his own form twisting in the raw power of his Anima, Chi-Yosh gazes back at Ramar with an odd expression. "I never cease to amaze me."

"It is the fortune of both of ours that you are here, my friend..." says Ramar, while bathed in the glow from Chi-Yosh's anima. "A good solution to a dreadful problem, I believe you have saved my life again. I shall have to start making up these favors to you, you know." Ramar gives a bit of a wry grin, then makes a pained look, crawling back to the cave to rest.

Chi-Yosh claps Ramar on the back. "Do not feel it as a debt, so much more strings in a bond between us. I would rather hope you do not need to return the favor. My hopes likely will not be answered." WIth that, he helps the man back into the cave.

"I feel much better Chi-Yosh... I believe that I have at long last beaten the poison. I would like one more day to ensure that it has been driven from my system... but, I believe we shall be moving soon." Ramar, walking about on his feet that day moreso than he had been before, assists Chi-Yosh in a few of the easier tasks. After a moment or two observing the soft dance of insects around the fallen berries of a nearby tree, Ramar decides that these are not safe... he moves on, aiding in netting fish from the nearby stream. That night, the meal is being prepared, such as it is. "Very well then Chi-Yosh. We should be moving on. And perhaps have a bath next morning before we leave. Our smell alone is enough to attract at least twenty more of the beasts. Perhaps there's something we can use to mask our scents, if nothing else?"

Chi-Yosh is glad that Ramar is much better now. They need to be going; the time for Greyfalls is ticking closer, and their trails cannot take too utterly long. After checking Ramar once over, deciding that he is relatively fine, they head out. The Dawn has to agree about the filth. He may not be one to desire perfection in cleanliness merely for presentation, he has certain hygienic standards. Disease seems to circulate in the unwashed, he has observed. "If we wanted to, Ramar, then we would rub ourselves in the Tyrant's dung."

Ramar nods, "If we wanted to, yes... but I do not think that we want to at this point in time. We need to get clean once more, lest we succumb to further ailments... yes?" Ramar gets up out of the Cavern the next morning, early this time. Before daybreak. He searches about a moment, and after a few moments, recognizes one of the flowering plants nearby. He casts about, and digs with filthy hands a the ground, uprooting it. This process is repeated, and he takes care to cover up what he has done, or at least to make it seem as though it were nothing more than an animal, hungry for a snack. "Perhaps," he says, upon tracking down Chi-Yosh, "We can use these to help cleanse ourselves before we set off once more?"

Chi-Yosh is found inspecting some grubs clinging to a root, as Ramar returns. The grubs eat the root which itself is useless, but the insects themselves can be crushed up... "That could work. Perhaps..." He glances down at the grubs, then stands up. "Let us bathe before applying the scent, so we can remove some of our odor first."

---

Three weeks have passed since Ramar and Chi-Yosh were left in the forest. The two men who crawl out of the woodlands and stand at the peak of the cliff, gazing down into the waters of the lake and the crystalline mansion above them are not at all the same as those who went in. Bedraggled, wounded, rugged thanks to the harsh hospitality of nature, they are nevertheless strong of spirit. They begin trotting down the hillside, approaching the mansion from the north.

Chi-Yosh walks slow and careful. He has warned Ramar all ready to keep eyes open; Prowler himself had said more challanges would await them upon their return. Running blindly to the Lunar would be unwise; the Solar would not put it past the Lunar to have something lurking in wait for a weakened moment. He is happy to arrive, but savors it in pieces, each one enjoyed with every foot closer.

"Yes, but let us not rely solely on our eyes, Chi-Yosh. The sounds of scuttling feet, or the feel of the ground trembling before you is often presented far before anything can be seen," reminds Ramar, as he looks about, though there is no denying the heightened speed at which his heart beats, now that they are this much closer to the crystalline mansion. A grin spreads around his face, and he suggests spending a moment or two to reflect on things. The two have grown stronger, grown as friends as well. The tales they've shared during their search, during their trials helped the two form a stronger bond. "Now my friend... we are this close... let us not screw up this close to the end..."

---

"Welcome back," says Prowler, calmly, once the two Solars have bathed properly, have perfumed and attired themselves, and presented themselves to him in his upper-level study. "There is one more trial you must now undertake."

"As promised, we have returned." Ramar gives a bit of a grin, which looks a bit better on him now that he has actually gone and made himself presentable. He's even cleanshaven, for the first time since these trials began. "What is this last trial we must endure, if we might ask?"

Chi-Yosh smells decent. His hair is not slick with grease. He is content. With the promise of more before him, he can only smile and accept it. They have come a long way now. What could Prowler task them with?

Prowler bares his sharp, white teeth, his cat-eyes studying both Solars. "Fight each other." His expression softens only a bit. "Of course, I will enact sorcery to render you safe from permanent harm. The Maiden of Battles oversees duels, and there is a spell I know that will sanctify such a thing. You may arrange it wherever you wish, but one of you must be the victor by sunset."

Chi-Yosh's eyes grow large. A sideglance to Ramar. Battle him? The promise of magical protection is a comfort, but only slight. Then again, Chi-Yosh has fought beside Ramar, and knows what the man is capable of. This draws a certain bit of confidence. So be it.

A glance is given to Chi-Yosh. _Oh... fight him? This should be... interesting_ Ramar knows all too well what his companion is capable of in physical combat. "Might I ask, what the terms of the duel are? Or are we to set those as well as the location?"

"I believe I've just outlined them," says Prowler with a sharp smile. "Arrange it anywhere you wish. One of you must be the victor by sunset. Weapons and armor are yours to use, or not, as you wish."

"Very well then. I shall see if perhaps a spot can be found, Chi-Yosh." Ramar nods to his friend, "And it will be interesting to see what can be learned from this fight. Armor and weapons then? Come, we have a few things to discuss before our battle begins."

Chi-Yosh nods to the question. "I am sure your chosing of the battleground will be interesting." With that, he turns and walks towards the door, waiting on the man to catch up, finding the impression Ramar wishes to speak out of Prowler's ear.

The Sun rises high in the air and begins it's slow decline, the horizon beckoning to it like some Dynast's mistress, the sultry mixing of colors to come hinted at by the soft gleam in the air as evening comes about. The air is almost eerily silent, save for the sounds of a breeze wafting through the woods. As the leaves rustle and shake, they drop into a small, yet deep pond. It is in a small clearing, that is surrounded by thick growths on all sides... and in the center of this pond, unaffected by the rippes of a single leaf, stand Chi-Yosh and Ramar, each one facing the other on opposite ends of a log. Ramar is clad in familiar clothing, and presumably his armor. In the waning Sun's light, his blade gleams, catching light from the West. As the wind whips past them, his cloak flutters, and the Solar locks eyes with his opponent and friend... Chi-Yosh.

A coruscant display of Essence rises from Prowler, in the distance, as he chants the words and shapes his power together. The Lesser Sign of Mars appears over the heads of each of the Solars, sinking lower and shrinking as well, until the paired sigils touch and alight on the forehead of each man. "Begin!" commands the Lunar, harshly.

"If we are to fight, then let this be as good a fight as it can be. To victory my friend," utters Ramar, eyes never breaking from Chi-Yosh's. The wind whips by once more, and with a swift movement, the cloak is cast aside, caught by the errant wind and sent fluttering to the nearby bank. Before it even lands, the log rocks softly, sending ripples through the pond, washing through lillypads as Ramar dashes across it, his blade dipping low into the water and sending a sharp spray up as two swift arcs are cut through the air, the first slash a feint so that the second might hit home.

Chi-Yosh awaits Ramar, poised and tense. Armed only with kamas and the shirt on his back, the Su'Katan is ready to face his comrade and now opponent. The Dawn's steps come with more ease as Ramar rushes in, and rather then retreat, he moves forward. The feint does it's job; he yeilds to the left, only to whirl on his heel that the second comes up short. Ramar's swing doubles back, only to have the warrior curve his spine back, letting it sweep over bent chest and ducked chin close enough to offer a shave.

As the log rocks with the maneuvers of the Solars, creating only the faintest of disturbances against the pond, Ramar's blade flashes once more, as the Solar attempts to keep his momentum going. The glinting of the blade flashing in the air is mirrored against the water, creating a dazzling display of reflected light, which can be glimpsed as mere shadows of light across the battling Solars. Ramar's blade dips low, the tip piercing the wood of the log as he brings it upward, rolling to one side slightly as the blade flashes for Chi-Yosh's legs.

Chi-Yosh feels the log beneath him churn, and rather then keep balance, he runs the same way the log was rolled before, whipping branches of the fallen tree around. With eyes on Ramar's shoulder, he can see the lunge coming, and with a resound kick off the log itself, cartwheels backwards, seeking to arch over the man's blade and onto an adjacent log.

As Ramar's sword comes closer to his legs, the kama comes down to catch it. Chi-Yosh, pulling downward, puts enough force into his backflip to let feet connect with the log. There's a faint pain across his chest, before he catches sight of Ramar's weapon coming in a sun-gleaming arc. This is ducked under, the man coming up ready to deal with the next onslaught.

A soft tinge of red creeps against Chi-Yosh's shirt, blossoming outwards from where Ramar's blade had hit home. The small tear in the shirt made just that much more evident. The logs rock back and forth, pushed off course from one another by each man's maneuvering. The point of Ramar's sword is thrust into the log Chi-Yosh stands in, pulling it close as Ramar swings himself a round, feet passing swiftly through the water as he lands. Chips of wood are sent flying, and three of them are sundered as Ramar's blade whistles through the air, once more biting at Chi-Yosh's blood-stained shirt.

Chi-Yosh now feels the cut as it draws a red line once more through him, the bite taken from it with a hop backwards. Kamas uprise to catch the glint of the sun, raking it across Ramar's face before a stomping foot sends Ramar's end bobbing upwards. And then they come. A harsh horizontal slash toward's the Eclipse's middle, then a lash towards the shoulder. A third is an overhead arc. Each is made to drive Ramar's sword higher, for the other hand streaks in low for a thigh-scoring slice.

The kama being raked across his face sends Ramar off balance, for but a moment. The first slash is met with resistance in the form of Ramar's blade, though it passes through, slipping past his blade, and raking across his flesh. The other attack catches him off guard and as he attempts to avoid it, the blades are driven into an unarmored portion of the Solar's body, red now dotting Ramar's clothes as well.

As Chi-Yosh follows through with his last attack, Ramar is almost thrown off-balance. He moves with the force attacking him though, feet whipping up as he flips back onto his hands. He pushes off, legs moving into a crouch so that when he lands, with one swift motion his blade and body both lunge forwards, Essence curling gently around the tip of his blade as well as lighting up the Golden Circles that now adorn his head. The blade bites deeply, pushing through metal and flesh before Ramar recovers, and steadies himself once more on the log.

The glow spreads, the golden circles erupting with a brilliant white light which flows slowly around Ramar's body, casting a dazzling display across the waters. The soudns of fish darting back and forth rapidly, either to get away from or closer to the source of this radiance can be heard as Ramar's blade is brought level with Chi-Yosh once more. A slow wind picks up at the sudden onrush of Ramar, each gust catching the blades of grass and bending them to it's desire. With the first gust, Ramar's blade sings high, and the Solar follows through with a low feinting thrust that angles inwards, slashing swiftly against Chi-Yosh, in an attempt to send him tumbling towards the edge of the log, and into the brilliant waters it rests upon.

The wind cleaves the grass as Ramar's blade parts flesh; Chi-Yosh's parry only aiding in it drawing it into his hip, the water below colored red in a fine semi-circle. The wound screams as the Dawn draws back, the pain eluding the next parry of it's mark: even with a wrenching twist, Ramar's blade drives into his shoulder. Bark squeals as boots' grip is lost; Chi-Yosh is far too extended, the jab sending him rolling into the water. The splash sends a fine roil of red across the lillies, turning their white into a tainted pink.

---

"I name thee Full Moon," intones Prowler, using a claw to scratch a careful sigil on the forehead of Chi-Yosh, as he kneels in the crystal mansion. The muted roar of the waterfall is audible from outside. "And thee," he adds, scratching likewise into Ramar's forehead, "I name thee Changing Moon." The elder Lunar rises and beckons both to stand. "You have earned the place of nain-ya among us, and your names will be told to others Chosen of Luna. Do the deeds of heroism and virtue that your station requires of you, and your stories will be spread among my people."

"You will not receive the tattoos and scarification, unless you return having proven yourselves," continues the Lunar. "You have earned the right to use your names among us. You have earned the right to tell us your stories. If you wish to be so marked, return to me with your tales."