As night falls on Bridal Veil, Gallius and Jin-nu are busy, well away from the city proper. There is no altar, nothing proper. Just a circle dug into the ground with Gallius' naginata. In the midst of that are many goods, both great and small. They have one thing in common, though. They were all stolen and could not be returned to their proper owners. Spurned goods. These Gallius ignites, her caste mark blazing as she raises her voice to the God Ahlat, calling him here to answer for the promise he has never satisfied. There is a clear challenge in her prayer, and her wrath she holds at her side, like a saber to draw later, should more pleasant avenues fail.

From the ground erupts a bubbling geyser of blood, seeping over the goods, melting them like it were the harshest acid. And from this gout of foulness, the bull-headed god of war, Ahlat, rises like a Venus from Hell. "WHO CALLS ME THUS?" he roars, in a voice that shakes the ground and nearly sends Gallius and Jin-nu to their knees. Overhead, clouds begin to gather, and the first ominous rumblings of thunder can be heard.

"I am Lioness, Zenith Caste. You once promised me much, if you recall," she answers. Her displeasure is clear, but she holds herself in check, still. "You have never made good on that promise. I call you to see if the word of Ahlat has meaning, or if my people should turn their minds on others."

"Hahaha," booms Ahlat, wrath turning only somewhat to amusement. "Well, it seems you could not master the Brides yourself, eh? Expected me to deliver them on a platter to you? What did I promise you, Solar?"

Gallius frowns, "Then I am answered," she replies. "Perhaps you throw your lot in with the Dowager. A safe bet, I suppose. One that would appeal to those who sit on the fence. But many safe bets have been against Lioness. Many have lost everything making such wagers. Will Ahlat do the same?"

Ahlat draws a wickedly-barbed blade from a sheath at his side. This is his weapon, Thousand Slain, and he buries it into the earth. Sharp cracks divide the very ground, splitting into fissures that seem to reach out for Gallius. "Do not mock me," the god growls, radiant with Essence. "Now. Tell me what I promised you."

"You promised me the leadership of your Brides, Ahlat," says Gallius. "If I could trick the King of Harborhead to trade them away. Do you forget that promise?" asks the Solar. As in many times, Lioness does not care at all that she is facing something more powerful than her. Slaying her draws a sentence of its own.

"Oh ho. And you let Koriko, their current leader, live?" asks Ahlat, voice brimming with grim humor.

"Solars will not kill Solars to make the promise of a god be truth," answers Lioness. "If I slew her, your wager would be nothing. You will give me what I take with my own hands. I must already wrest away most of the world with my own hands, it seems."

"Koriko won her place by virtue of strength. If you could not do the same, you will excuse me for judging you soft," booms Ahlat. "But I see you think to claim something of me. Of course, you relied on cunning rather than brawn. Perhaps a gift more befitting that achievement?"

"So is that how Ahlat handles things?" says Lioness. The Zenith growls, "If so, leave! What was offered today is the last thing you shall be given. The Nation is far from you for now, but the Solars are spreading like a growing tide. If you wish to see us sweep away those that oppose us, you need but watch. But if death and killing is all you understand, do not turn to Lioness when no one comes to your altars."

At this the god booms with laughter, and lightning flashes in the stormy skies. "You! Who called for the Brides of Ahlat, who went south with the taste of blood in your mouth. You! Death and killing is all I understand? I AM THE GOD OF WAR, girl! Death is my province." He turns, pointing his deadly blade to the Southwest. "There, on those sands, men sacrifice to me when blood is involved." He chuckles a little. "Well, it seems you are more squeamish about such things. You will not kill a sister, even if she is now your friend. Even if now you have what you wanted, you still come to me with some notion of justice, with this insult of an offering.."

Ahlat laughs more. "You have the heart for killing, but you lack the stomach for it. I suppose that is why you sing to your garden, hoping that enough life will make you forget what death is about, eh?" Then his laughter, and his anger subside. The storm that prepared to rage above grows calm as well, and his wicked edge slides back into its sheath with a muted growl. "You talk of sweeping away. What you mean is killing. Men gutted because they reject the Solar faith. Heads on pikes for daring to preach against the litany of freedom. You can aim for nobler things, but you will always destroy those who oppose you hard enough, and you cannot paint over it with pretty words and grand dreams of a perfect world." The god grows somber. "Tell me the truth, Gallius. Have all you come to ask me for is some fairness in this world?"

Lioness looks at the god closely. "The gods once worked with the Solars. There was once respect. Must I kill your kind, as well? When does my killing stop? Will I have to crush Creation beneath my foot and empty the heavens, as well?" She clenches her fists, "I will, if I must. And finally, when all those who oppose are dead, justice shall turn upon me and destroy me in turn. Is Oblivion all I will be?"

"If that is what you wish," replies Ahlat, coldly. "Or you will see me for what I am - a necessary part of the world you want to make. I protect the peace you dream about." He draws about him his cloak for a moment, then casts it off at Gallius' feet. "Take your prize, if that is all you wish for. I will explain its use to you, if you like. Or.. I can give you a better gift."

"Give me whatever is fitting," says Lioness. "The Dowager moves against me, and I have little time. I am finalizing matters. There is more blood to spill and the spears of Helios shall do their part."

"The tassels on the cloak contain the power of warriors from across the ages," Ahlat replies. "They can give a soldier the power of a legendary warrior, if I permit it. The greater gift is a lesson: what happens when a man dies. It may make things easier on you. Would you like to learn?"

"I will learn," says Lioness. There's something in her stance that shifts, the anger still there, but even stronger is sadness. She leans on her spear, letting out a sigh.

"Then die," murmurs Ahlat, and Gallius feels herself falling to the ground..

---

A village in flames is what Gallius sees. She feels herself a sort of ghost, or bodiless observer, and she feels the crimson spirit of Ahlat nearby. "A child born in this village grows to be a man," the god whispers, pointing out an orphan crying in the ruins. The scene shifts before her eyes, and she watches a young man with hooded eyes marching in formation. "He becomes a soldier, and goes to war. He is learning strength." Gallius watches the youth become a man, rising in the ranks of his command, earning his stars. She watches him in the surgeon's, as they salvage his face after the loss of an eye to a fortunate archer. She watches the grizzled veteran he will become leading his own troops.

"He has learned loss. He has studied pain. It has engraved itself on his soul." Ahlat's presence seems to grow closer, and Gallius watches the professional soldier die on the field of battle. "A loss, do you think?"

"A loss," says Gallius simply. "A loss for what he believes in."

Gallius watches, and another child is born. The son of a poor but reliable merchant, he grows in a peaceful household. His father is indulgent, but the son does not grow soft. He cares for his mother when the old man turns to drink, and in due course he is running the business successfully. And in the fullness of time, Gallius watches him take a wife. The businessman's son is a crying child, weak in his own way, but the father takes a firm hand. From a simpering infant to a teary-eyed toddler, the son is raised with strictness, discipline and love, by a father who understands in his heart the value of life. For in his past existence, he tasted of death. "He has learned something," Ahlat murmurs. "He believes new things now. Are they better, or worse?"

"I do not know," says Lioness. "It seems he is better," she says eventually. She frowns in thought, wondering just what it is of death she is seeing here.

"When this man dies again, his soul will find its way into another place. He will learn new things. His soul will be imprinted with truth. But of this life? All that remains are his accomplishments. His son, for example. His dreams from this life will never die. Just as his triumphs in war in his past existence will be remembered."

Gallius nods slowly. "Death shall stamp many lives in the future," decides Gallius. "I can do nothing to prevent that. There will always be those hungering. The Fair Folk, the Deathlords. Some of these may be destroyed in time. Others may be bound outside our world. Even then, men kill men on their own. They are wed to conflict."

"But they also wish for peace. You men can only take so much of something before you must have something else. And so a soul is guided toward its next fate by its past experiences. It looks for what it needs," Ahlat's voice echoes.

"You hunger for existence the way you crave food at a table - you have a whole lifetime, but it's not enough, and you return for more. You've had your meat, and now you want your potatoes as well."

"I do not know what I hunger for," answers Gallius. "But I believe that I shall never let myself have it. There will be no more rest for Lioness. The hunt is started in earnest. There can be only victory or death. Or both. The Dowager comes now. I will not yield to her. I will shake the foundations of Creation with war."

"The animated dead are just puppets, tools of necromancy. But the men who go out into battle with you, and die for you.. Never forget that they die for their own reasons, and that their souls hungered for conflict. They will find peace in another life; in this one, it is not for them, just as it is not for you. And those men you must kill yearn for peace, too, after a fashion. Never shy away from giving it to them."

The Zenith nods just once. There is nothing else to say.

---

Gallius rises slowly from the ground to find Ahlat standing over her at the ritual circle. "In time, your soul will find what it needs, and it will be ready to move elsewhere," the god booms. "When it is time for you to die, do not forget.. your dreams will live forever."

"Perhaps that is the closest thing to justice that exists."

And with that, Lioness turns away, riding back in silence to Bridal Veil. The circle where her prayer was made is left barren, the blighted offering leaving behind earth upon which nothing shall take root for many years to come.