Outside, when viewed through the narrow cat's-eyes of the citadel's windows, the weather is overcast. Sullen clouds glare down at a meek and unprotesting landscape, almost daring the citizens of Nane to move about their business before unleashings its torrential disdain upon them. Inside the citadel, the Master leads the way; his four Solar apprentices follow behind him, tailed by the ever-vigilant Henlen. The Master walks past an open-air window, unshielded by glass, which faces a padded shield hung against the stone of the citadel. A whistling sound precedes an arrow, which darts accurately through the gap and strikes the shield. In a smooth motion, uncannily sure of himself, the Master swipes at the arrow-shaft that lodged itself in the padding not two feet before his body, and unfurls the note that's attached to it. "Henlen, we'll make this quick," he notes idly to his aide, not stopping or slowing a whit in his pace. "The meeting room comes first."

Chi-Yosh pauses for only a moment. An odd little message system. The corners of his lips quirk at the thought of sending invitations attached to enraged weasels. Just as dangerous. His fingers brush the padded shield, observing the many scars of deliveries before this one. Though it does not detour him from the Master's procession.

Davron's eyes flicker briefly at the whistle and thud of the arrow, but he lets himself relax when the Master's reactions make it clear that this arrow, like so many events before, was part of the web of fate. He does, however, pause for a brief and slightly apprehensive glance out the window as he passes it.

With little more than a shifting of the gaze from one side to the other, Ramar watches the arrow sail past, whistling through the air as it embeds itself in the shield. He continues walking, never staggering in his pace. "The meeting room before our questions of what's on the note? That sounds reasonable to me." He glances out the citadel's window. "It's going to rain, perhaps. The skies are certainly speaking of the moisture that dwells therein. It'll make for lovely travelling weather ere long."

The room seems almost a box of solid metal - riveted walls on every side, with an electric lantern hanging from the ceiling on a thin steel shaft. At the center is a table, bolted to the floor, over which numerous maps have been spread out, some overlapping each other. Some bear the distinctive mark of Guild authorship; others seem to have been compiled by local cartographers and historians. A few hand-written notes, either in the Master's crabbed script or in Henlen's more elegant hand, lurk furtively at the edges of the table.

The Master gestures down at one of the maps, placed squarely atop the pile. "Here is Nane," he says, stabbing one finger onto the paper. The fingertip traces a line left - westward. "And here.. Syllum, in the lowlands..." The map shows a narrow valley twisting its way between two ranges of low mountains. "And here...The Korad Tribes' lands." These are shown embedded in a dense forest that stretches over rolling hills. Between these two nations the unofficial boundary of the Guild's trade route is clearly visible on the map. "A war of weather has been happening between these two states. Each is beseeching the spirits of the winds to cause trouble for the other. Because of this, crops are endangered. Thus, stability is as well. Find out why. Stop it. Then return here. The _Seagull_ is at your disposal," he adds, referring to the vessel whose airship nature was so recently revealed to Chi-Yosh. "If you have questions, ask now."

Marina nods, looking at the Master. "Who are the leaders of the states? And who will be our contacts?"

Henlen speaks. "Syllum is ruled by a council of monks and other academics. They play at being a kingdom. Their monarch is toothless, steered by the council and replaced when expedient. Its relationship to the Realm is tenuous; it pays a minor tribute, but gives no service to the Immaculate Order, nor does it shelter their troops. The Korad tribes have lived in semi-isolation for centuries. Their ancestors were Wyld barbarians who attacked these lands, were pacified by Lookshy, and who acclimated themselves to a more civilized life. They are canny in the occult, and speak with spirits often, but they have no unified leadership." The Master grunts. "Make your own contacts, and act as you judge best."

"I would like to know which sorts of wind spirits we shall be dealing with, Master. If such a thing is known. This knowledge may become useful in the future." Ramar nods slowly, then. He falls silent as the Master speaks, face kept neutral with practiced ease. "Do you know whom it is that is doing the speaking to the spirits in each land? Or is this something we shall have to find out for ourselves? Are we to remain outside of the Citadel until we have solved the instability?" Ramar asks a full volley of questions, with a rather curious expression in his eyes.

Ramar continues, folding his legs under him, while tilting his head towards Henlen, as he is doing the speaking. "What are their attitudes towards the Exalted, both Terrestial and otherwise...? Is there any other equipment we might bring with us?"

"I do not know. You must find out for yourselves. If you cannot even accomplish this simple task, though," the Master growls, "then returning to Nane will present your second challenge."

Henlen smiles gently. "You may bring along whatever you wish, though we are not endowed with unlimited funds. Syllum allies with the Realm in name only; you will find them untrusting of the Chosen, I think. The Korad peoples may be receptive, or they may attempt to kill you. Their reactions are... uncertain, where matters of the spirit world are concerned."

Marina pauses, thoughtfully, looking carefully at the map. "Master; do they know we are coming? Have they bought a contract, or are we hired by a third party?" She measures out the distances. "It may well affect our solution ..."

The Master shakes his head. "We do this for the good of the River Province. There is no profit in this, unless averting war and bloodshed be of value to you."

Davron watches the map quietly, although his interest perks slightly as the leadership of Syllum is described. He listens to his companions' questions, but offers little himself, as yet. He does, however, remark, "Averting famine as well, if the crops continue to be threatened. Starvation is as sure a killer as steel."

"Wars have begun, and ended, based on the yield of the fields," the Master says firmly. "This weather-war will lead to no good end, for kingdoms hundreds of miles distant. Including our own, in time."

"There is always value in averting the loss of innocent life, Master. You know that as well as I do. But if we do not need to placate the powers, our hands are ... less closely tied." Marina holds her hands out, wrists crossed, then spreads them open. In one hand she holds a small dart, often used in the application of poison. "Our options increase ..."

"You may proclaim yourselves as Nane's emissaries, Marina, if it will serve your cause. Keep yourselves hidden, if that would serve better," says he, frowning and glancing down at the dart. "This is important."

Ramar considers the map as well. "Are there any other things nearby we should be aware of? What customs regarding entrance and exit into their lands should we be apprised of?" A practiced smile creeps upon Ramar's face when he hears that this task, as it were, is for the simple reason of doing good. The smile grows only slightly as his mind flies over the statements given so far. _Yet while **we** may be doing this for the good of the province, the Master... on the other hand is doing this to test us._ "And if we pass our trial by fire? What then, Master?"

"Both lands are insular. Syllum deals primarily with the Guild; I imagine that some of you --" the Master here gazes at Marina quite directly as he speaks on "-- will find such avenues of use. The Korad tribesmen are less commercial, but have little to no border defense. You will have no trouble." He then turns his glower on Ramar fully. "If you pass this, you will face another trial, and another, until you are ready."

Nodding at Ramar, Marina nods. "How will they treat strangers?" She looks around at the little group, and then at Henlen. "I think I, for one, would prefer not to be an official emissary." She smiles at his pointed comment. "Although we will of course visit the local Guild; perhaps some of us can present our bona fides."

Henlen speaks up, this time. "Strangers with money and goods will suffice in Syllum; in the lands of the Korad tribes, you may walk the Spirit Tracks - their sacred roads - unmolested by all, but if you step off those roads, you will deal with the tribe who inhabits each land. Try... to find a friendly one," he adds with a gentle smile.

Davron glances at the dart, and shudders, but says nothing of it. Instead, he remarks, "We should keep our options open. Secrecy at first, I agree - it wouldn't help if they learned too much about us before we learned about them. And we shall have to learn the ground very well indeed before we would know the best soil into which to plant a seed like that," with a last glance at the dart.

"I do not wish to involve ourselves with the Guild if it can be prevented. Involving them, especially in matters like these can be suitably... complicating. Yet in the end, we may need to. Such is the way of things. Complicated, when more often a simple answer eludes us." A soft smile rests on Ramar's lips, perched, much like a cat resting lazily against a cushion. He turns towards Henlen, "Then we shall take care to stay on the Spirit Tracks." He ponders the Master, "Do you know which tribes inhabit which lands? And what is it that we are to be made ready for, once more?" _I may be pushing too far here. I know very well what the answer will be... yet this is our first trial by fire... many will be watching this... the four of us none the least. Let us see if our circle holds together. With the Light's blessing, it shall. Moreover, Syllum and Korad will be watching. Which then prompts the question that we are not the only ones to know._

"Who, aside from you and now us knows of these current troubles, master? Who else will know of our solution when it is done? Is there a safe place to dock the Seagull?" Ramar continues his questions, mind racing all the while. _It is not a question of whether the Master thinks us ready. He would not send us. This is a test of our methods. Or, could this be a test of our capabilities to know when something is too difficult for us to accomplish... that is something to consider. A cool head will prevail, and second guessing myself will do no one but me any good, it seems._ Ramar inclines his head momentarily, looking to assuage many questions of his own. "Are we to accomplish anything beyond this task before returning, upon it's completion? Or should we move with all haste back to our Citadel?"

The Master patiently listens to all of this. "When you are ready to leave my sanctuary," he says flatly, "You will realize the true answer to all these questions." He says nothing further, but simply watches Ramar carefully. Henlen steps in, speaking up. "The conflict between the two lands is known, but not widely. As always, act with discretion."

_Indeed. I'll know the true answers. There's something else to be done here, though... more answers than meet the eye. I suspect we're not meant to know some of them._ Ramar looks then to Henlen, nodding. "As always, we shall act as discreetly as we can. Reconaissance, of some sort may be our best course of action to begin with. If there are no more questions... we shall return with answers and a solution when they have been found, should they be there to be found. Like as not, we shall return with more questions to be answered." It is then that Ramar's gaze flickers back to the Master's, meeting the older man's glower for an instant. He then turns to the others, "Is there anything else you can think of to ask beforehand? Should we work on our plan here, or wait until we are underway, to do so?"

Chi-Yosh has been spending the majority of his time listening attentively back and forth, while regarding the map with scrutiny. Now, he has little knowledge of either culture, however he can tell that the Korad, he will find more relation to. Atleast he may hope so. Not every old man regards another elder with the same reaction. The current skermish is an interesting one; seeking the spirits themselves as a third party, the ones comitting the attacks. He knows not much of spirits - they touch and influence the very ways of the world, like man influences what he may touch and command. Yet they are unpredictable. Trustworthy? Reasonable? Even understandable? He knows not. But perhaps the answers to this war is in the third party, not the men. But one thing itches him. "If either side did not like what one man was doing, coercing the spirits, then they would rally against him to stop their bad weather. It may be number of them seeking this. For what reason?" A shrug.

Davron shrugs to Chi-Yosh in response. "Any number of reasons, and we'll surely need to find out which it is before we'll resolve this issue. And we just as surely can learn little more from here." He nods to Ramar next. "We can form our plans on the way, I think. Shall we visit Syllum first, or Korad?"

Ramar considers, "This may be one of the things to determine. The reason why. An important question. One which will inevitably factor into the solution, even if it is merely a discounted suggestion. The types of spirits influencing the weather may be helpful as well. Perhaps we can find some dealings with them to prevent total destruction while we work through the troubles between the lands?" Ramar glances back towards where the windows are. "The spirits will make determining the weather difficult..." He mutters this last part, half to himself, half to those who would care to listen.

"Syllum first, Davron? The Guild may well prove talkative ... if all else fails, they can teach us more of the tribes." Marina smiles, looking at the map, then turns to Henlen. "May we take this map, or a copy of it?"

"You may," says Henlen. "We can get others. You may also find a more recent edition with the Guild in the area; if so, would you... please bring one back for me?"

"Of course Henlen. Are there any other souvenirs we can bring back for you?" Ramar's head turns slightly towards the Master, "Or for you? Something to nicely compliment the problem solved, I mean."

The Master only looks at Ramar, with a face like stone.

Marina smiles at Henlen. "Certainly." Carefully, she rolls the map up, and looks for a scroll case in which to store it. Then she turns to Davron. "We'll need supplies; food, of course. Weapons. We should learn more about weather spirits. And perhaps we can find a few vials of sleeping potions? Nothing too lethal?"

"I'll speak with the Royal Surgeon about some _kyu shan_ blossom, which should be very effective," says Henlen, taking his leave of the group for the moment.

Chi-Yosh merely glances at Ramar, then to the Master, hiding his amusement. He does not know the Master; the man seems a very brooding, secret-holding man. A definet head of command if there ever was. Thus, the Su'Katan gives the Master his berth, and while offering respect, does not create waves in this man's waters. Unlike Ramar, who is definetly a wader in many waters. "I would like to recieve some armor, if it would not be unreasonable," pipes up the warrior of the four. "And medicine. I am unfamiliar with the animals and plants of the areas; if I need to make medicine, I would not know what plants are what, and I will not guess what may have poison in these regions."

"Ask Henlen when he returns," comments the Master to Chi-Yosh. "You will find him the equal of any of your needs."

Chi-Yosh turns to Marina and Davron. "I would like to learn also of these Spirits, if anything can be found on them." His expression is quite ateam with the prospect. "I have only a small bit of knowledge; that is not enough, for our task and ones we have yet to know."

"In the matters of medicine, concerning the animals and plants of the area, at least... I can help you. There are a few things I know concerning the wilds about this place. Although I shall be considerably more well-versed when we return." Ramar grins, "although I'm sure one such as you, Chi-Yosh, knows how to survive in the wilderness. Perhaps we can add to one another's knowledge in this regard... I've never been further East than this..."

Turning to Davron, Marina smiles slowly. "We should learn all we can about the spirits before we leave, too. It would be helpful to know how to summon them, even if we lack the power, or how they may be controlled. I believe, young scholar, that this is your cue? Meanwhile, I will look a little deeper at the power structures?"

A suggestion is offered, as Ramar turns once more to ask the Master a question. "Have you conducted a Geomantic Survey of the area yet? Or is this something we should do on our own? I am sure the results will be of interest no matter the answer... yet if we can save ourselves the danger of doign so... more's the better."

"Do it, if you are capable. I will train you, if you are not - when you return," replies the Master, evenly.

Davron nods to Marina, with a little quirk to his smile. "If nothing else, we should learn something of the ways of control, even if we cannot use them ourselves. After all, our antagonists know something of those ways, it seems."

"If we may acquire a kit with which to do so, I shall give it my best try. When we return, I should like to request more training in Spirit Lore and matters of the Occult," he informs, before offering to Davron and Marina. "Perhaps a study of the Library may come in handy? Or... failing that... we can question our antagonists, if indeed this is what they are." Ramar then shifts in his seat, pondering things, as he tends to do.

Marina nods at Davron, smiling. "So, we'll hit the books together then ..."

Chi-Yosh's brows crease at that. Controlling a spirit? That seems... not something he would like to be a part in. From what he can imagine, Spirits may not appreciate being controlled. However... there could be danger in being close to one - depending on what it is - maybe this control is to keep all parties safe? He doesn't know, and that is his largest crime. So he must hold his assumptions for now. At Ramar's words, a nod. He seems to mirror the Su'Katan's earlier request.

The group breaks apart; some consult with Henlen, on medicines and politics, while others spend time in the group's room below the citadel, poring over the books, charts, scrolls and maps that have been borrowed from the Royal Library for this purpose.

The basic process of calling a spirit to you is understood by Marina and Davron; it's as much a mechanical act as assembling a wagon or catching a net full of fish. The particulars, of course, are where esoteric knowledge becomes important. For although many spirits can be called, from the weakest of stray Essence given life to those who would style themselves rulers of a grove, or a valley, compelling a spirit to do what you wish is always a much graver course than simply conversing with it. Performing the rites at the proper times, in the proper way and at the proper place are vital, and learning when and where and how these things must be done is a matter of esoteric history.

Spirits are immortal, and in their long lives and passionate interplays find themselves bound by the strange laws of Outside. Some cannot harm a woman or her child if their hair is the proper shade; others may not cross the running water of a river or stream; still others come only when the moon is full. To learn a spirit's history and nature is to gain power over it. Whoever would then bind the spirits of wind and water to cause storms over such an area must have a potent lore indeed.

_It seems as though determining the extent of this weather alteration might be an important step... yet it is likely to be a difficult one to predict. Perhaps a comparison..._ Ramar is currently preparing the Seagull for takeoff, getting the last of the devices in order as he brings the engines on line, to coin a phrase. _The others may know more than I, in these matters. Marina, especially seems suited for this with regards to negotiating between the two. The circle has much to learn in this task. Yet hopefully our abilities compliment each other well enough._ "All aboard..." he calls out, not even taking pains to hide the delight and excitement in his voice, which stems from the prospect of piloting the _Seagull_ out.

The vessel clears its moorings and drifts out into the river's steady, irresistable grasp. It sails away from the mountaintop citadel, steering for the mouth of a smaller fork in the waters. The vessel sails in silence, undisturbed by onlookers; finally, when it is deemed safe to do so, the order is given and the _Seagull_ takes to the air, water dripping from its hull as the craft begins to sail on the very breezes. Another tributary river, somewhat nearer to the two conflicting lands, has been located on the map already, and a course to it set. Only a few hours will be necessary to pass the distance. Below the vessel, the starkly green splendor of the Eastern Threshold can be seen zipping by.

"So where shall we land within Syllum? Or do we intend to land within Syllum? Shall we head for the capital? We would make a spectacle of ourselves perhaps... but that might be needed. Shall we try for one of the traderoutes... along the Guild's paths? Those should be reasonably well guarded. Or perhaps we could sneak in by parking along the mountains and taking a rather exhilhirating trek through them... this might give us the chance to see the weather up close, and I would enjoy it. Although I speak honestly in saying that all three of these may be dangerous." Ramar carefully directs the _Seagull_ keeping it aloft in the air. He looks quite pleased, keeping the craft gliding smoothly through the air, riding the currents almost intuitively.

"Discretion is always the better part of valour, as long as we can find out little gull quickly, and easily, should the need arise." Marina looks around. "So perhaps not too close to the roads?"

Adjusting his back against the edge of the boat, Chi-Yosh glances up at Ramar. "Looking at the weather up close can be unfortunate, if it is ugly enough to stop us from reaching Syllum for some time. No telling what availible shelter may be close." After a moment, "Though, if we wish to be slow in our methods, speaking to the outskirted people of Syllum may be far better? Understand how those not in the web of politics think of all of this? See what is known of them, before we decend further in?"

Davron nods in agreement to Chi-Yosh. "And perhaps we might learn what is in fashion in the capital. Like Marina is so often wont to tell me, how you dress often matters."

"Which only leaves the manner in which we arrive," Davron goes on. "Do we put down outside town and enter as landbound travelers? Or do we come in by way of the river and let the _Seagull_ do its impression of a river-boat?"

Marina grins at Davron. "A splendid idea. Let us sail the river wide ..."

"Ahhh the rivers. Indeed. A moment though, as while we are up aloft with the winds, I wish to listen to them. in this way, we may know something of the weather to come, and should it be wildly different... we may know a spirit is at work." Says Ramar, as he glances downwards, seeking out a spot on the river to set down. "Be wary though, for there may be pirates nearby."

Dreary. Oppressive. Words such as these are often used in expression to the grey slant of the sky, waiting to open forth and spill itself onto the awaiting earth. Those in Nane certainly would, and from Chi-Yosh's perspective, the weather did seem nastier when in that fortress. It seemed bleak, much like the fortress itself. A rude compliment. But here, the promise of rain only seems to make everything seem like it is waiting. After the blessed rain, everything smelled more pleasant. Seemed more alive, after the shower. It is good to be free of those thick, looming walls. His clothes are dried from the light shower of earlier, but still... this is better.

"While we debate on our means of entrance to the city, perhaps we are scouts for a trader? Or perhaps simply, we are explorers? Scavengers from other lands here to see what new opportunities we can find in Syllum?"

Ramar continues, "Yet those guises may not get us what we need to get access to. Continue, if you will, with your suggestions."

Marina looks at the other people in the party. "Why don't we simply pose as traders of artefacts? We ... you certainly carry a sufficient quantity of fancy gizmos." She sniffs, once.

The _Seagull_ sails for Syllum, landing sedately on the river's surface and sinking in to its accustomed draft. The boat rocks a little, but swims its way downstream, toward the bridge that crosses the river at the entrance of the mountains that guard this small nation from invasion. Bars are embedded into the stone of the bridge, blocking conventional water traffic through any point but the center. And there, situated in a tower that juts out of the bridge and well above the river itself, are the guardsmen of Syllum. "Halt and state your business!" one calls in a lordly voice, raising the red flag over his head.

The pole, and a hook on it, is lowered, and the duly drawn-up papers are placed into the basket by a confident Marina. The pole draws its cargo upward, and within the tower, the papers are duly inspected by the men on watch. "Well, you're in luck," sneers the captain, looking over the parapet. "Wolf Solesol is a trader whose name is well known among us, and his seal of authenticity on your papers is genuine...."

"... So well known in fact," the man continues, "that we were paid 500 jade coins by his competitor to deal with anyone who came from him." And from eight separate niches in the two towers that overlook the bridge, arrow-tips protrude, as though readied to fire.

_And now we encounter our first obstacle. wretches._ As soon as the arrows became visible, Ramar's body had tensed. The balls of his feet prop him up as he rests perched atop them. Every sense of the body seems to come alive now. The subtle rocking of the boat gives sawy to the sounds of the water lapping at it's edges. He looks ready to spring, should he need to, and even as he readies himself, a soft muttered prayer can be heard. The pitching of the boat doesn't seem to bother him much after that, nor does the fact that he's likely as not about to be shot by many arrows. He has but a few words for those in the towers. "We do not need to fight... let us pass, and none shall be hurt on either side..." _a rope and hook shall let us board them. inside the towers we have the advantage of mobility, while they are trapped. may the Light of the Sun bless us and shield us during this, our first trial, and all those to come._

Stepping up to the railing of the boat, Marina pulls the essence of her soul inwards. Her chin up, shoulders straight, she looks up at the Captain. "Splendidly said, sir. Splendidly." Her voice is cold, and stern, suggesting that she is in complete control of the situation. "A gatekeeper, Captain, who admits to taking bribes, and moreover who threatens a member in good standing of the guild, is a man who faces a very short career indeed." She raises a single eyebrow. "Now, I am sure that neither of us wishes the destruction of the other. There is much that we can gain ..." Her hand opens, palm up, moving in a circular motion. "... and much that I would regret losing."

She is taking a harsh tone with them? Standing up to these nasty things called arrows, and commanding them down? Chi-Yosh is surprised. More importantly, he's moving. Moving toward the ... Ramar called it a Hold. It doesn't matter what it is; it is safety. However, judging from the sound of snorts and amusement from the stone towers, he is not about to let her stand there all alone. an arm wraps around her waist, pulling her to something that will guard them, for the time being. "Words are important: right now, those important words are get down."

Marina swears, long and loud, at the indignity of being grabbed. What kind of ... She glares at Chi-Yosh, looking incredibly non-grateful.

Davron shakes his head grimly. "Bribe-takers!" he calls in tones of righteous indignation. "If you refuse the path of justice, you leave us no choice," he says, in two short strides reaching one of the ropes coiled conveniently on the deck. Taking up the barbed hook in one hand, he swings it once, twice, three times, then sends it flying toward the lip of the bridge over the gate...

Davron breathes a sigh of relief as the hook catches on the bridge, then leaps back as the archers on the bridge open fire in response. Drawing on his inner reserves, Davron sways easily out of the path of one, only to catch another in the thigh. His companions fare better than him, Chi-Yosh and Marina protected by the gunwale of the boat, while another shaft bounces off Ramar's breastplate.

The twanggggg of a bowstring snapping from it's pulled position to it's resting state can be heard from the towers. A veritable rain of arrows fall down upon the boat and Ramar's every muscle begins it's own motion, every movement coming together nicely. He leans back at first, though not swiftly enough as the arrow dings off of his armor. The armor is sufficient to repel this arrow, and the jolt serves to jostle Ramar's motions into perfect coordination. His legs swing around to one side, carrying the upper torso with him before his hands plant themselves against the deck. As the arrow sails past, still whistling through the air, he uses the momentum from his dodge to carry his heels back around once more. A single flip of the body in mid air and he's headed for the controls of the boat. _Ahhhh here we go._ His hands are almost immediately where they should be, as he glances upwards, defying the towers and the cowards within. He coaxes the boat, speaking soft promises of polish and fresh paint sh

Ramar coaxes the boat, speaking soft promises of polish and fresh paint should they live through this. The controls squeak as he manipulates them, sounding their protest as the boat is maneuvered towards the bridge, where, with any luck, it will come to a stop.

Marina struggles out of Chi-Yosh's arms, moving quickly to stand beside Ramar. "I'll keep the Seagull here, and cover you. There's little enough I can do right now." She shakes her head. "Beyond what I've already done ..."

Chi-Yosh does not fuss as Marina draws from his protection. The boat has settled beneath the bridge, offering haven from the hail of arrows. He is beginning to dislike them, very quickly. The sight of Davron taking a shot, and continuing to climb inspires the warrior, who rolls from his spot and dances across the bobbing deck, before skitting beneath the rope - no need to rustle Davron from his own climb. And then he begins, hand over hand, feet drawn up and squeezing the lenght of hemp between them. Here he hopes that a rain of arrows falling true is not in the patterns of weather today.

As Davron attains the bridge and hobbles toward the closest tower, he hears the sound of movement inside. Just in time, he takes cover in the lee of the tower; the door opens, a barrier between himself and the four guards which are even now filing out of it. The tower on the other side disgorges four more watchmen, all carrying bows and armed with swords besides. Their attention is focused on the water beneath the bridge; they realized what happened, and intend to deal with the "trapped rats" they incorrectly believe their adversaries to now be.

The boat comes to a delicate stop, spinning about at an angle that's conducive to climbing. There's barely a jostle as it stops. Davron even manages to stay on during the maneuver. A grateful nod is given to Marina as Ramar's sword flashes, catching a stray spot of sunlight. "Thank you Marina. We shall do our best." He then vaults over the controls, headed for the deck. With one hand outstretched, he pushes off from the deck, gracefully sailing through the air and catching hold of the rope. Hand over hand, even while the rope swings from his landing, and he begins to ascend to the bridge. An odd grin is on his face now. _This is just like boarding another ship... although these ... guards ... are hardly pirates._

Marina looks around, one hand on the wheel, a vial of sleeping potion between her fingers. In the other hand a throwin knife, whose blade is slowly being coated. After all, she might only get the one shot, and she would like it to count as heavily as possible.

Chi-Yosh scales the rope. It is initially hard, as Ramar jumps atop the rope from below, shaking him as he eases onto the bridge. But he does not mind. A glance back to note Davron, before his attention shifts to the men lined along the edge of the deck. How convenient. Power flows through is form, but it feels more like muscles rolling, rippling for the action. His body moves like a wave of raw power; easing back onto heels, before bouncing forward onto the balls of his feet. One step. Two. Then the powerful thighs, tensed like springs, unleash. He dives forward. However, before leaving the ground, those feet had churned, sent him into a sharp, vicious spiral, to build the momentum for the lash of a kama just after it had slid from it's sheath, driving for the back of the first guard.

Connect. The slice drives into the man's hip, and with Chi-Yosh's momentum rolling, it yanks him off balance. The warrior's own boots find purchase on the bridge, and he keeps moving, hopping with the roll of body. The guard is left behind, unbalanced, and spills over the side. He is payed no heed, for one kama has dug into flesh, the other seeks the next man in line, a sharp dart of the cresent blade, coming in on a low swipe, as the Su'Katan's move ends with a crouching slash.

Davron tenses for action as the door flies open and the guards rush out. To his considerable surprise, however, they run right by him as if he weren't even there. His face creases into a broad grin, and he silently draws his bow... waiting until Chi-Yosh's attack has their full attention... then as the Su'katan's twin kamas flash in the air, Davron kicks the door shut with a loud **BANG**. Several of the guards whirl round toward the the sudden sound just in to see a pair of arrows whistling right toward them...

With almost half their number dead or incapacitated, the unfaithful watchmen of the bridge-post decide that 500 jade coins will not quite comfort their spirits as their bodies are laid to rest in the city of Sijan. They break, running for it, scurrying as fast as they can move toward the west end of the bridge, with nary a glance backward.

Chi-Yosh does not think about the man who fell off the bridge, instinctively knowing he was badly wounded. He does not think of the man before him; they rose weaposn, and threatened his teammates well being. It is a good thing for his own mind that the man does not fall dead before him; no, the blade's tip sinks into his calf, as the man reacts decently; a harsh cut results, but no hamstring. He looks up, as the men begin to run, after arrows soar over his head. Only until they have their backs well in distance before he glances back to smile at Davron.

The rope swings back and forth as Ramar scales it. This swinging serves to work the grappling hook deeper into the wooden bridge, though those above him will hear the wood groan and creak in protest at this mistreatment by metal spikes. As the man is thrown off the side of the bridge, and the sound of even more running are heard atop, he descends the rope, landing on the boat to try and assist Marina, if he can.

Watching the bodies fly, Marina notes the arc of one body, and the spray as it hits the water. Soon, a struggling body bumps into the side of the ship. Pleased that he's still alive, she tosses him the end of some rope, bracing herself to pull him over the gunwhales. With Ramar's help, the man is soon dragged into the boat, where she leaves him to the Healer's tender mercies.

Shifting his stance on the bridge, Chi-Yosh takes a glance down at the boat, and the man who is still drawing breath, as he is dragged a top. Good. No needless death today. Atleast, if he has anything to say about it. Then again, the day is not yet done, and men often stupid. He keeps those sharp blades bared, while racing to fix the gate for the _Seagull_.

Davron lowers himself gingerly down the rope, while Chi-Yosh opens the gates of the bridge open by operating the controls in the near tower. Fortunately the _Seagull_ is small enough to be accommodated by one door only. He scoops up two items of note as he leaves, dashing across the fifteen-yard span of the stone bridge and leaping out into the air, once again, and once again landing on the deck of the vessel as it sails calmly down-river. He smiles, and holds up both hands; in one are the team's documents of authenticity, and in the other, a sack of five hundred jade coins. The _Seagull_ continues its journey, passing under forbidding black clouds, sailing into this new land under the ominous eye of an unforgiving and unnatural sky.