While the others prepare for Raksi - and the Dowager - in their own way, Ramar studies the Great Book of Bagrash Kol. In its pages, and in its words, he finds the wisdom of a long-dead sorcerer whose name now hangs like a shadow across the lives of all those who manipulate Essence. In the book he learns some of the secrets of Denandsor. He learns of the teleportation system and the haze shield that guarded the city from attack; he learns of the giant automata and the soul webs that protected the citizens. And he learns about the history of sorcery, in a way that he hadn't previously grasped.

And he studies the lessons of Solar sorcery from the book, reading over the intricate tapestries of wisdom and ancient knowledge. And as he studies, Ramar feels a great weight descend on his shoulders. He was a traveler once, a simple man who walked the wastes of the Threshold. Now the burdens of his destiny loom entirely in his sight.

The Solar sinks against the pages of Bagrash Kol's book. Such clarity of vision is as troubling as it is hopeful. Things are changing, and he along with them. Perhaps too fast. Things aren's as simple as they used to be, nor will they ever be.

Ramar hangs his head. A new road unfurls before him, new paths to walk. New dangers. Everything changes, yet nothing is truly lost. To take this final step, to find the Book and learn the secrets within is perhaps the greatest step of them all. The Solar looks around, it's odd... he's nowhere near water, and yet it feels like he's being dragged under, almost like he is drowning.

---

In due course Ramar finds that he is not drowning, but dreaming. The pounding of his head and heart have faded; he finds himself instead in a vast library of books - a multi-level colossus whose end he cannot see. The books held here must be nigh unto the stars in the sky. And in front of him, a young girl of perhaps ten years old is sitting on a table, kicking her legs back and forth as she reads. She looks up, and smiles.

Ramar finds his voice after a moment or two is spent collecting his bearings. "Er... hello," he says, regarding the girl curiously. "Who are you? And... where am I?"

"You're in the Library," the girl replies, smiling and putting down her book. Ramar catches a glance of the title; it is an Old Realm work, technical in the extreme, and incongruous in this child's hands. "And my name is Nephilim."

"The Library," repeats Ramar. "Er... my name is Ramar." He looks around, doubtless that he'll see similar titles in the shelves nearby. Perhaps many more advanced than he can comprehend. "What are we doing here?"

"Well, you are dreaming," the girl says primly. "I am reading." And so saying, she lifts the book up again as though to continue.

"Oh," states Ramar. "Are all of these books like that one?"

"Nope," the girl says, absorbing herself in the book again. She points in various directions as she speaks, holding the book on her lap with the other hand. "Over there's history. Geography. Occultism. Umm, herbalism. Gardening. Foods and spices. Ummm....umm... biographies, atlases.."

"Wow... so, everything, then?" Ramar asks, "If I'm dreaming... how did you come to be here? Are you a part of my dream?"

"I am for now," Nephilim answers, glancing up for just a moment. Ramar watches her eyes as they scan across the printed page. "Haven't you ever had dreams that touched other things?"

"Yes," answers Ramar, as recollections of meditations in mountains spring to mind.

"Well, umm, this is one of those." Nephilim closes her book and hops off the table, then walks over in Ramar's direction. "Kinda big, isn't it," she observes, gesturing at the Library as a whole.

Ramar says, "I gathered that much." Ramar looks around, "It is. Books as far as the eye can see... probably a good deal further."

Nephilim holds out her hand. The books, en masse, begin to lift themselves off of their shelves. They swing through the air like an impossibly big pack of paper birds, flapping about. And from the circling volumes overhead, a steady stream of them begin to swoop down. Nephilim holds out her hand; the books begin to shrink in size, vanishing into her palm. A gale of wind surrounds the pair as the Library is sucked and condensed into nothingness. Then it is gone, the building as well as the books. The shelves, the walls, the light, the table - all have vanished. Ramar and the girl stand on a grassy field. "All those books came from living minds," she says, smiling up at him. "If all that was out there, then what..do you think.. is up here..?" She drags Ramar down to her level with one hand as she asks this, poking him in the brow with one finger.

"I don't know." Ramar shakes his head, "Compared with all those who've come before, and those who will come after... maybe a chapter. If I'm lucky."

"But you ARE those who came before. And you will become those who come after," smiles Nephilim.

Ramar says, "In a way. In another way, I'm just me." Ramar pauses, unsure for a moment, "At least I think I am. I'm still figuring that one out. How is it you know these things?"

"This is your dream, isn't it?" asks the girl, still smiling. "Use your power here. Answer that question."

"Alright then..." Ramar exhales and as he exhales, his breath whips through the blades of grass. The ground ripples, moving in waves as though a pebble had been tossed upon still water. With noiseless, dreamlike movement, an earthen shelf rises from the ground. Light coalesces around it, and there is a single book. Without even opening the pages, or glancing at the title, Ramar knows that his answer is within. Further, he realizes that the answer has come from within, for the book, this shelf, all have come from within. He has but to reach for it, to unlock it, and the answer is his. He reaches.

"History of the Library of Meru," the title reads. Nephilim watches quietly as Ramar peruses the contents of the volume. It discusses the architectural wonder of the Library that was constructed as part of the fabled city of Meru, the home of the Deliberative in the First Age. It was constructed on the side of the Imperial Mountain itself, it seems, and Ramar knows of nothing on the Realm that would correspond to it. The city, along with the library itself, must have been destroyed.

"Yet perhaps it's not truly lost," mutters Ramar as he looks up from the book. "You visited this Library then? Or... no... you're a part of the library. And you've read these books before, haven't you?"

"Maaaaaybe," says Nephilim, smiling. "Maybe I helped write some. But maybe so did you."

"Maybe I did," says Ramar, smiling. "I think I know more than I let on. Maybe we have all helped to write some of these books..."

"Well then," murmurs Nephilim, smiling up at Ramar. "Find out who I am. But it won't be in a book. You'll have to find another way."

"True." Ramar speaks, "But you are here, Nephilim. At least, as here as I am. And as you have said, this is my dream." The earth beneath him shifts, disappearing. Now they float in a starry void, slowly each pinpoint of light grows brighter until the world is dissolved in light. When the brightness is almost too much to bear, it fades to pinks and puples, these become clouds that stretch out as far as the eye can see. Here and there, islands, or perhaps mountaintops peak out amid the clouds, islands in this endless sky. Suddenly, Ramar is standing atop each. He also holds this world, this dreamscape in the palm of his hand. It is little more than a cloudy sphere.

His hand closes, and he is standing on the grassy field across from Nephilim again, possibly he never moved. "And in my dream, I know yours." Images swirl in his eyes, as a cool, gentle breeze soars past. Ramar walks forward, "In my dream, the wind whispers where you've come from, and I know. I see the mark you leave on this world, how you change things, how the world, how this dream changes you, how I change you... and from that, I can know who you are."

Essence is the spark of life. At once endless possibilities and truth given form. Ramar holds a handful of the blades of grass, and lets them dance in the wind. Slowly they fly towards Nephilim, interacting, changing as she wishes. Ramar simply watches, curious, noting the way truth changes itself around her, the way she moves. Everything can reveal who someone is, if only you know how to listen. "Nephilim." He repeats.

Beyond the dream is a thread of Essence - Ramar's connection to the outside world. And past that thread is an ancient soul, a smiling woman bound up into the body of a little girl who likes books. "You see me now," Nephilim murmurs, watching Ramar closely. "And you have met me." And in a long ago remembrance, Ramar watches another of his selves tutoring under she who was at one time called the Mother of All Spells.

"I have." Ramar's voice is as a reverent whisper as he watches himself... another part of himself learning. "And so we meet again, if only in dreams." He smiles. "And I know why you know so much." He laughs, relieved. "It is good to meet you, again, for the first time?"

"And now that you have met me, you know that we have met for a reason," Nephilim says softly. "Once, I was the least of the Chosen. I thought myself unworthy and ungifted. I had no talent for anything. But I was given a gift." She pauses. "You have been given a gift too. Will you use it?"

"I..." Ramar starts, considering the weight of such words. He's been given a gift. This alone stirs hope deep inside his soul... and the cries of the past threaten to overwhelm him. It takes little to silence these voices here in his dream. Here, alone in this grassy field, he knows that it is his voice, and his voice alone that will answer. It is Ramar who will use this gift. The others will remain in the past. Ramar nods, "Yes," and indeed, it is only Ramar who answers, "I will use the gift I've been given, as best as I can."

"You may not speak of me to any others," murmurs Nephilim, smiling. "With this gift I also give you a geas. You may never reveal that I spoke to you, not even if you wished it." She giggles a little. "It'll be our secret."

Though, there is of course one whom Ramar particularly wishes to tell... geasa are not to be taken lightly. Not even Gallius can know. This thought brings a sad look to his eyes, but he nods, "Our little secret it shall be. May I ask why it must remain a secret?"

"You are aware of the legend of Brigid, of the miracles she worked, and the weapons and wonders she carried?" asks Nephilim softly, and sadly.

Ramar nods, "I am."

The little girl sighs sadly. "I could tell you why I acquired such things, and why I could do such works. But it's better... if you find out yourself. If you see with your own eyes why we possess the power of sorcery." She brightens up visibly, then, and continues speaking. "Make your own legend! Become great. I'll cheer you on. I promise."

"Oh." Ramar nods, "I will find out for myself then. This makes for a good beginning... and it's nice to know that someone else is cheering me on." He smiles, and sighs, "Thank you. I'll do my best to make my own legend."

"Okay. See you soon, big brother," Nephilim offers brightly, and Ramar feels himself fading...

---

Slowly, the Solar's eyes flutter open. The dream gives way to the fog that lies between the waking world and dreaming one. Ramar's senses return to reality. He feels the pages against his face, the table beneath his arms. He opens his eyes, and sees the world anew. He sees with the clarity given to him in the dream. A dream that he cannot quite forget. He remembers that sad look in Nephilim's eyes, and begins to understand. The way ahead of him is long and difficult, and no one can know just why it is he walks this path. He gives a sad little smile, and steadies himself in his chair. It is no easy task he's been charged with; to make his own legend... "But I will do this." Determination begins to set in, though it becomes tempered by compassion. His legend. Yes, but he must be careful not to lose himself to this ideal, not to lose himself to the legend. Everything changes. He smiles, looking a little more sure of himself. "Where to begin..."