Gallius seems to enjoy spending her time away from the wild business of Nexus. She and Jin-nu tend to draw too many curious eyes, and she was shocked at how boring it became to knock the air out of would-be thieves. Justice like that used to amuse her more. In any case, she is in the same place that Ramar last encountered her, looking almost as if she hadn't moved since.

"You know, if it weren't for the depressions in the grass here and there... or the fact that I overheard a few gentlemen of questionable reputation complaining about that 'lady with the horny horse' I would think you hadn't moved at all." Ramar bows his head, "Good day to you Lady Gallius. Jin-nu. How are the two of you doing?" He pauses a moment to let them answer. His hands are folded into the sleeves of his robe, and it seems as though he's concealing something... "May I ask a favor of you?"

Jin-nu snorts, "If you mean the two men that I taught to fly, I'd not listen to them much," she says. "But we are doing well," Gallius interjects. She laughs and rolls onto her side, looking over Ramar for a moment. "What kind of favor?"

With a smooth motion, Ramar's sleeves parts, and the Mask of Secrets is in his hands. The soft spider-silk seems lighter than the air itself between the Solar's fingers, as he explains, "I am going to put this on... I would like it if you could tell me what happens when I put it on... should anything happen at all."

Gallius arches an eyebrow and laughs softly. "Very well. I imagine something will happen, at least." The Lady just lounges there, looking not the least bit worried. After all, what harm can come from a little experimentation with magic-worked devices?

Ramar smiles, "Thank you very much. I appreciate that you will do this for me." He bows his head once more, and draws in a deep breath. Two more follow, and his eyes close. As a cloud passes by overhead, casting it's shadow briefly on the Solars louging beneath it, Ramar slips the Mask on his face.

The flood plain outside the city, the rough and fertile terrain near the two rivers, disappears from Ramar's sight. The colors of the horizon disappear into a deep blue-black, a cerulean twilight that hangs over an obsidian world. Nothing is clearly visible.

Gallius watches Ramar slip the mask on and hmms. "Do you feel different?" she asks quietly. She laughs again and grins, "It's an interesting fashion, if nothing else."

The muted sounds of faraway hint themselves at Ramar's hearing, but he discerns nothing. Nor can he see Gallius or Jin-Nu, and he's not quite sure where he is anymore.

_What in the..._ Ramar turns to look around as the terrain disappears from his sight. Indeed, as everything seems to disappear from his sight and he is cast into a world of twilight and shadow. He turns, trying to see something. Anything. He takes a few steps forward if there is such a thing, and calls, "Gallius? Jin-nu?" _Don't panic. My fear cannot get the better of me._ The Solar draws in a calming breath, and continues his search for any signs of color, or sound, or at least the ground.

Gallius looks at Ramar staggering around like a drunk. She rises smoothly, but doesn't interfere. "I guess you aren't hearing me," she comments. She will come closer to him and reach out to snare one of his hands. "Ramar? If you can hear me or feel this, squeeze my hand twice." Well, it's worth a try.

There is no squeeze to Gallius' hand. In fact it's as though Ramar does not even notice her as he begins walking. He draws in another breath, then turns his head to where Nexus last was. _Can this Mask see through the City as well? What secret world is it I am in?_

Nexus itself is nowhere in sight. After a few experimental sweeps, he can discern a distant smattering of color and light, scattered across one quadrant of his perceptions.

Gallius guesses that is a no. Ramar doesn't seem to be harmed, though, and so she'll exercise patience. Besides, there's no telling what tearing the mask off might do.

Ramar reaches up to feel about his face for the Mask, so that he might remove it. As he does so, he keeps the smattering of color and light in the center of his view, making sure that he's still pointed in that direction as he removes the mask. _I hope this works..._

The mask comes off; he faces off to the west, in a random direction. Apparently he's done some spinning around while wearing the thing.

Gallius is standing there, looking rather nervous as the mask is drawn off. "Ramar, are you alright?" she asks quietly, her voice betraying her concern.

Ramar blinks a few times. "Er yes... I am. At least I believe I am. Where did you go? I couldn't see you. Could you hear me speaking?" He then quirks an eyebrow and asks, "Do you know what is in that direction?"

"I would like to travel there. Will you come with me, to make sure I do not run into any trouble here? I could not see anything here... but off in th distance I saw color and light smattered here and there." Ramar describes what he had seen while wearing the Mask. "I should like to see what precisely that is."

"In that way?" murmur Gallius. "Nothing that bears any name I know of, though we could look if you wanted to. There are many places in Roleyn that men haven't visited normally in centuries, and the same is true of the lands about it." She nods to Ramar, "I will go there with you. If you are seen without a guide you might land yourself in trouble, after all."

"I do not know... yet Gallius. Let us go then, and see what secrets we may learn." Ramar pauses, "Though if we run into trouble, I would have no way of knowing. Perhaps you should remove the mask if we run into anything threatening..."

"If I thought it possible, I'd carry you," says Jin-nu, "But I don't think you can guide me if you are in that state." Gallius nods, "We will simply have to protect you as best we can. Try to control your motions and be patient, though. It will be easier that way to stop you from stumbling."

Ramar nods, "I shall do so then. Better still, I shall only wear the Mask every so often to check our bearing and be sure we're headed in the right place. When we get closer I'll wear the mask more to find out what precisely that is." Ramar then asks, "May I ride with you two?"

Gallius swings onto the back of Jin-nu and offers a hand to Ramar. "Of course," says the horse, laughing a little. "Just don't dig in your heels too tightly or I'll have to put an extra jolt to my step!" Gallius just grins and laughs, "Come on, let's see where we are going."

The ride proceeds smoothly, to the very edge of the Grey River. Ramar dismounts, and again wears the mask. Again the smooth blackness of the void overtakes him; the distant lights, however, are more distant still. And when he finally withdraws from the state, still staring at their faraway flicker, he is facing somewhat south or southeast.

"We have missed them. They are still off towards the South. Perhaps... hrmmm. Perhaps they are moving. Or perhaps it is that whatever is causing this color has been passed. Maybe I should try wearing the mask at all times and simply pointing in the direction we need to travel." Ramar furrows his brow. "Or perhaps I need to walk there. I'm not sure..."

"Or maybe the mask is showing you that the straight path doesn't always lead to the goal," says Gallius. "It is a lesson I learned a very long time ago." She smiles and looks to the south, "So.. shall we continue? I fear we won't find the goal easily, though. Some secrets are meant to lie buried."

"Very well then. It could be just that. I shall see if I can find this place then, straight path or no, simply by walking." Ramar smiles, "As for finding the goal... often it is the finding that is as important as the goal itself..."

The mask goes on, and Gallius sees Ramar staggering off. This time, the wanderer keeps his gaze on the distant motes of light, working his way toward them as best he's able. He can feel his pace steady and assured, and from Gallius' coign of vantage, his movements are erratic but ultimately leading in one direction - back toward Nexus.

"The path is its own reward, huh?" murmurs Gallius. "I suppose, though the goal is what keeps us going." She slips her fingers through Jin-nu's mane, stroking softly, "I guess we are walking in circles today." She will keep near Ramar, though he seems not to be in any danger.

_I wonder if it is possible..._ As Ramar finds the lights lingering now closer, more steady and assured. He remains as calm as he can, and allows the flow of Essence to enhance his senses. At least that's what he hoped it would do. He removes the mask, "They're gone. I tried to see them better but they're gone. I should've known. This probably has nothing to do with any of my normal senses..."

"What is it you are seeking?" asks Gallius. "And you defied what you just agreed to, dear. If the path is worth the most, why would you seek to sneak past it?" She smiles and tilts her head, "Perhaps I should see what it does? Maybe together we can learn something of what the mask does? It might not work at all for me, but if you want, I will try."

"I am not sure what it is I am seeking. I was wondering if I could get a closer look at whatever it was those lights were using my Charms... but that did not work as I'd hoped it would." He smiles. "Perhaps it will. I want to see if there is anything when I dismiss the motes first though..." Ramar does just that, no longer committing the Essence to the Charm, letting it end...

Again Ramar wears the mask; again the array of distant lights appears.

The two set off, walking (or in Ramar's case, staggering on shaky legs). They cross the flood plain, as the afternoon passes them by, and approach Nexus at last. At merely a hundred yards, Gallius can clearly make out the details of the city; to Ramar's perception, the lights and details are strong, and he can make out moving shapes here and there in his field of vision.

Gallius frowns, not at all eager to enter the city right now, but willing to put up with it if it helps Ramar. And if anybody threatening comes near him they'll get swatted carelessly away without much thought. If they try twice they'll probably lose a hand for their trouble. Gallius doubts many will be that stupid. Her reputation should have spread through the pick pockets by now.

_They are back now. Shapes moving around... what are they?_ Ramar staggers curiously towards the light. As he draws nearer and nearer he'll take more and more time to get some better idea of what it is that is lit-up in front of him.

Ramar staggers like a witless drunk through the streets, and Gallius follows, warily. From his field of vision, Ramar can see a man, lurking somewhere off to his left, sharpening a knife and glancing off somewhere with a cunning expression on his face. He pockets the knife, then steps forward, gradually disappearing from sight. And a few seconds later, to Gallius' perceptions, a man emerges from a dimly-lit alleyway, whistling and adjusting himself as though he'd just found relief against a wall. He edges toward Ramar, but the warrior-general's presence makes him shy off at the last second, and he continues down the street in the opposite direction.

The rest of the street is unseen; Ramar manages to stagger into the wall a few times, eliciting derision from the vendors and passersby. A few shout insults at him, and a couple men try to push drugs into his hands, hoping to be paid. They leave, disappointed, but not before taking their supply with them.

Ramar removes his mask after a while. He blinks, catching hold of his senses once more. "Where... what?" He looks around for Gallius, a concerned expression on his face.

Gallius is right by Ramar at this point, having just sent a drug-pusher sprawling on his butt with a smart poke of her naginata. "Ahh, is stumbling man going to come back into reality? You know, more than a few men had their eyes on you. Fortunately they know that a woman with a lion's tail and a golden horse with a horn make for unpleasant opponents." She laughs softly and sighs, "Anyway, you learn anything?"

Ramar blinks a few times. "Oh we're back in Nexus... I could've been killed. Thank you Lady Gallius for keeping me safe." He pauses, then considers the mask in his hands. "I believe that I saw a man holding a knife stepping my way, but then he disappeared. Did I cause a disturbance?"

At that moment, there's a subtle coughing sound. "Excuse me," calls a strange and reedy voice.

"Yes?" Ramar turns towards the strange sounding voice. _What have I done now..._

Gallius turns to view the newcomer. She's not the most trusting of things in this city. Mostly because so many here want to drug her or rob her. She'll make sure this stranger doesn't try getting too familiar.

The speaker is a thin scarecrow of a man, tall, dressed in robes and bearing emblems of the Council of Entities. "Madam, sir, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave the confines of the city, or at least restrict yourselves," he states. "Your err, weapon, and steed are causing a commotion, and your companion's behavior is erratic to say the least. Whatever magic you may be practicing, please restrain yourselves from doing so in public."

"I see. I'm terribly sorry... perhaps I have overindulged myself, after a fashion. I shall no longer cause any sort of disturbance." Ramar bows his head apologetically.

Gallius hmms at the speaker. "We will leave. We had no plans to really return here, it was.. unhappy chance. Are you a servant of the city, then?" she asks.

"Of course," the thin man says, looking indignant. "Whatever mask Shalrina has given you, you must still abide by the Council's rulings if you wish to stay here."

"I will abide by the rulings. It was not my intention to do differently." Ramar smiles, "And now that I am more aware of what is going on, I shall not do so further."

"You do your job well," says Gallius, bowing to the speaker. "Perhaps you might turn this city into a place of joy, but perhaps not. Do not forget that the safety of men is more valuable than the exchange of coins." With a nod, Jin-nu turns about, making her way back out of Nexus.

Ramar will follow Gallius and Jin-nu out, murmuring to himself. Once they are away from the City's walls he will chastise himself. "And here I am, making a disturbance after I have been so concerned about not revealing myself to all and sundry." He laughs ruefully, "My apologies Lady Gallius for bringing unwanted attention upon us."

"It is alright," answers Gallius. "I simply don't like the way this place functions. Here they have the power to defend people and create true justice, and instead they ignore the plight of men for the sake of coin. It's a sign of what is broken in Creation, but it could be fixed so easily. They simply have to wish for it."

"Ah and that is the trick. There is much that the world could be, that it is not. At least yet. But there is much the world is, that makes it worth living in and fighting for." Ramar sighs, and stretches out. "I wonder about this Shalrina, who she is, what sort of masks she makes..."

"It may be worth finding out," suggests Gallius. "But the best masks seem to come as gifts, and we should patient in gathering them. Or as patient as any of us can be." Jin-nu laughs softly, "Some are not very patient at all."

Ramar chuckles, "Perhaps. But knowledge is something we could all use. It is not to gather masks I wish to find, but rather to know what sort of masks they are." He smiles "Perhaps I wish to give gifts of my own someday eh?" He looks at Jin-nu, "You might add an air of mystery if you had a mask you know."

Jin-nu snorts and laughs, "I think I have enough attention as it is," she answers. Gallius will just not to Ramar and continue on the way out of Nexus. "Hopefully that mask can lead you to a less troublesome place next time."

Ramar says, "Perhaps. I wonder what I would have seen if I'd kept it on when the lights were to the West to begin with. I am beginning to understand a little more about this though. Thank you for protecting me."

"Well, let's go to the west sometime and find out," says Gallius. "And protecting you is part of my job. A Lioness must protect a man who seems so intent on taming her," she replies, teasing lightly.

Ramar smirks, "Somehow I do not believe that it is possible for a lioness to be tamed." He glances Westward, then slips the Mask into his robes.

"But I think it'd be a lot of fun to have someone try," answers Gallius. "Enough wandering for today, though. I think the rest of this search will have to wait a while. I don't want to draw more attention from Nexus, anyway."

Ramar has to laugh, "It might be at that. Don't worry, Valon will come around to realizing it soon enough." He continues, "Yes perhaps the rest of the search will indeed have to wait... what should we do in the meantime. That's all I could think of for now, unless you wish to go on about what you plan on doing when we get to the North."

"I don't really have any plans," says Gallius. "Except to get the job handled. We might find something else of use in that frigid place, but who is to say? I have never travelled so far in that direction."

"I have. There are a few things worth seeing there. My Manse is one of them. I believe while we're so far North I'll have to see about finding someone to act as caretaker while I am gone." Ramar smiles sadly, "Although there are those things that are not nearly as joyous about the northern threshold."

"What do you mean?" asks Gallius softly. Once she has wandered quite a ways from the city, she slips off of Jin-nu and casts herself back on the grass. "Let's rest and talk here for a while," she suggests.

Ramar takes a seat, "Well... it is merely a rumor, but something in the paperwork from Cynis has me thinking of the old tales." Ramar leans back in the grass, propped up on his hands. "In the Northern threshold there is a city called Gethamane. It is known for dealings with uncanny spirits of darkness... and the like. There are temples there, three of them, that people find themselves called to. For some reason, their accountant was terrified of this place... and I believe that to be the reason why."

Gallius hmms quietly. "So these places are in the clutches of those who meddle with demons, or those who serve the Deathlords?" she asks. "At least they are far away from most populated areas. We have time to deal with them and find the truth of the matter, it would seem."

"I am not sure. And not all of these places are in their clutches. It was just one city that sprang to mind." Ramar shrugs, "And we do have the time indeed. I believe I shall begin learning to deal with these foes." He laughs, "At least better than the last one we met. Have I told you about that?"

"I don't think you have," answers Gallius. She rolls onto her side and looks over at Ramar, smiling. "Tell me about it, and maybe you could tell me a bit more about your past, too?"

"Well..." Ramar shakes his head, then goes on to tell the tale of the desparate fight with the demon. Although he's not quite able to relate the entire battle, merely the first few seconds of it. He finishes with, a very soft, very rapid muttering that sounds something like, "ThenithitmeandIwasknockedunconscious."

Gallius laughs softly and reaches out to playfully tweak Ramar's nose. "That doesn't sound like a very good encounter, if I heard it right. Maybe you could say that a little slower?" Her tone is full of teasing, and her smile is warm.

"Erm, I said, it then hit me, and I was knocked senseless. Despite my best attempts." Ramar manages a smile, "I do believe the others dispatched it handily. They did not look all that wounded, you know."

Gallius lets out a soft sigh, "Silly, going and getting yourself in danger without me to look after you." She can't help but smile, though her words are serious, "I'm glad you are alright."

Ramar shakes his head, "I'm sure you're not always going to be around to look after me. And even when you are, that's one more worry during a fight. No. I need to know how to defend myself. Much better than I do now that is."

"I suppose," says Gallius. "Maybe you ought to take better care of yourself, too, and not tramp into a fight that isn't quite what you are up for."

Ramar says, "Yes, well using my brain would be helpful too." He smirks, "I should have been fine if I'd worked on defense."

Gallius nods a little, "I suppose you would have. I think your heart is the best part of you, though, and I don't want you to forget about it." The lady smiles and hmms, some thought distracting her for a moment.

There's a flash of silver in Ramar's fingers as he draws a small coin. "Silver for your thoughts, Lady."

"Just thinking that you remind me of someone I was very close to," says Gallius. "His name was Casus. He was kind, gentle, and patient. He reminded me that I wasn't just a fighter and a servant of the king."

"Thank you, Lady Gallius. I'm flattered you'd say such things." Ramar chuckles, tosses the coin Gallius' way, "So what did he remind you then, if I may ask?"

Gallius catches the coin and grins, "That I'm a woman before captain, general, all of that, and that being a woman is what really makes me happy," answers Gallius. "It's nice to be valued in that way. Just because I use a spear and wear armor doesn't mean I wouldn't like to be sung to, or treated like a Lady."

"I seem to remember something about women with spears and armors and helms singing. Loudly." Ramar chuckles, "If only I'd known, it's singing women are after. I shall have to fashion a bucket with which to carry a tune."

Gallius arches an eyebrow, "Well, in any case, you know what I mean. I haven't gotten to be myself very often as of late. Soon I will be marshalling men in another large battle. I wonder how many will survive. I wonder if I can truly win."

Ramar says, "Well I suppose that all depends on how you define 'truly winning' Lady Gallius." He gives a curious look to the woman, "How do you define such a thing?"

"I want to rule in Harobrhead, Ramar. Men have proven that they aren't capable of handling the task without preying upon each other," she says softly. "At least for a while the only way to keep them from hurting each other is to put a terror in the wicked so that they will not do evil. Perhaps in this way, they will start to see that it is an abomination to harm their fellows."

Ramar draws in a breath, "And what of those who rule responsibly, who rule justly and honestly?" He sighs, "They are out there, are they not? I have known some. Perhaps they have all been slain."

Ramar says, "Although, I would point out, Lady Gallius, that if you were to instill fear in the good, so that they were afraid to stand up to those who would do them harm... what would you do?"

"The good will have no need for fear," says Gallius. "And while there are some who are fit to rule, they are few in number. The noble and just are consumed by the wicked. That is what we must stop. Under my banner those who are fair leaders will be protected."

"I see." Ramar ponders this for a while, "Well that is good, I suppose. How is it that you are able to decide who is good and who is wicked? These things trouble me." At her continued words though, Ramar blinks. "Lady Gallius... is your father noble and just? Are the lands of Roleyn consumed by the wicked who would prey upon their fellow men?"

"Even in Roleyn there are bad people," says Gallius. "And I believe with the right skill I can tell what it is that men wish from their acts. In using this, I can tell which men are greedy and vain and which are worthy of their positions. It is our job to fix these things, Ramar. And most of all, you can learn much of the tree by the fruit that it produces."

"There are good and bad people everywhere Lady Gallius. This is a part of existence. For you cannot have the one without the other. It is the sort of balancing of forces in Creation. Yet though they exist, are they so powerful as to threaten the stability of the nation?" Ramar tilts his head as Gallius continues speaking. "Oh. I see. Well that works, I believe. Yes, it is our responsibility to fix the things we can. It is why we have these gifts after all... but forgive me for being confused... what fruit has which tree produced?"

"The one who does good deeds is just, and the one who does things that are cruel is a rank weed," explains Gallius. "For a short time they might be hard to tell, but as you watch something grow, the way of it becomes clear to those who will see."

"Oh..." Ramar smiles sheepishly, and makes an attempt at recovery. "So what do you suppose?" He chuckles. "I've jeard people say I was a weedy little fellow before... what do you think?"

Gallius grins and hmmss. "Do you really want to know what a woman of Roleyn thinks, Ramar? I warn you, our minds are far from timid. If you really wish to know, shut your eyes, and I will tell you what I think." Jin-nu's soft laughter can be heard, and the golden horse watches with much interest to see just what her rider is going to do.

Ramar considers this. "Very well. Although what shut eyes have to do with words is puzzling to me." He looks at Jin-nu, curious, perhaps even a bit worried. His eyebrows raise curiously. "Although something tells me I ought to be more than a little worried."

Ramar closes his eyes...

Gallius grins and the sound of some movement can be heard. "Well, there is a plant in my land that has the most beautiful of blossoms. They smell sweeter than mead and can be used to make a drink that frees the spirit," she says, and she's apparently quite close, since her whisper can be felt in Ramar's ear. The lady laughs lightly and asks, "Do you have a guess of what we call this flower?"

"If I had to guess..." Ramar considers this a moment, "I would guess orange? Yes... their blossoms are quite beautiful and they are quite sweet."

Gallius laughs softly and shakes her head. The long strands of her hair slip down to brush at Ramar's head. "Not quite. I will give you a hint," she says, and she playfully draws her cheek against his. "The petals are shaped like a pair of lips, pink and gentle." Clearly the lady of Roleyn is enjoying this.

Ramar raises his eyebrows. Leans back. He drums his fingers thoughtfully on the grass, "Well let's see. Flowers with petals shaped like lips, yes? Hmmm." Ramar silently runs through the list of names. "I'm afraid I know of no flower that fits exactly those descriptions. Although admittedly, I do not know what sorts of drinks can be made from each flowers. I could hazard a guess if you wished."

Gallius laughs softly and finally draws away. "It's called the kissing flower, and young lovers share them," she explains. "They are considered very good luck, as well." She impishly musses with Ramar's hair. "You can open your eyes now, if you want."

"Ah. Well there you have it." Ramar then opens his eyes, blinking a few times. "I'm afraid I hadn't heard of that before. The kissing flower?"

Gallius nods and laughs again, "If you want, I can give you one sometime. But we'll see. I don't think we'll be in Roleyn for a while, now." The lady lounges out on the grass by Ramar and stares up at the sky, "So, how did I do?" she asks abruptly.

Ramar arches an eyebrow and looks down at Gallius, "What do you mean, how did you do? At what?" He glances up at the sky, then over towards Jin-nu, then back towards Gallius, "Or were you not speaking to me."

Jin-nu laughs softly, but doesn't answer. "I appear to not have done so well," says Gallius. "Maybe that's the problem. If a woman gets that close to a man, lets him feel her skin and hair, he ought to at least notice." She sighs and shakes her head, "I guess I'll have to practice."

Ramar laughs, "Ohhh. Is that what you were asking. I noticed, at the very least. Perhaps more than simply noticed." He leans back, "But why should you want my opinion on how well you've done?"

Gallius grins and shrugs, "Because you're a man, and it seems to me that most men share at least something of the same reactions to a woman. There are exceptions, of course, but I rather doubt that you are so different." She hmms thoughtfully. "So, you liked it?" she then asks.

Ramar nods, "Ahhh. Yes, well of course I did." He turns towards Gallius, "You really don't need to worry about that. I have a hard time imagining anyone not enjoying that. I am curious as to what you have learned from doing so, since I would presume that's why you did so?"

"I learned about you," says Gallius softly. "And I learned about myself, too." She doesn't seem to show any signs of elaborating, though. Instead, she asks, "And what did you learn, hmm?"

"I learned that you are as adept at evading questions as you are at evading blows." Ramar winks, and laughs. "And I learned a good deal about... flowers."

Gallius laughs softly, "I evade because I'm far from fearless," she replies. "And because I do not yet know everything I learned. I will have to consider it very carefully. Words are dangerous."

Ramar says, "As deadly as a blade at times. Yet sometimes they are precisely what is needed. I suppose though that it is the way of many things. If you were fearless, and your words were not dangerous, I have to wonder what you'd say."

Gallius grins, "Perhaps we should consider talking about other things, though. You know a fair amount of the Lunars, don't you? I have some questions for you."

Ramar nods, "I know more than many might, less than they themselves do, I've no doubt. But I shall do my best to answer your questions."

"I want to know who I can go to for some information," says Gallius. "I'd like to find out if the Lunars will help Ma-Ha-Suchi. And if they are not going to, I want to try and talk them into it."

Ramar says, "Well there is Valon and Weeping Prowler and the rest... why do you wish to talk them into helping Ma-Ha-Suchi, Lady Gallius?"

"Because the more of us we get together, the better we will do," she answers. "I want this done right. If they truly respect him as they say, they ought to help. If they disagree about how things are going to be done, they should negotiate. Surely Lunars aren't above such a thing, are they?"

"Perhaps. I worry though when dealing with the Elders... they are craftier and stronger than any others I know, so I worry that we are not more than pawns to whatever games they are to play. As far as getting them to help, if they can, or wish to, I'm sure they will. If not, then they will not. It is up to Ma-Ha-Suchi to prove that he is capable of gaining their support. Much like it was up to Prowler to prove that he could control his beastmen. Or so I am led to believe. Defend your own and so forth," says Ramar.

"True, but the Lunars do not seem to use people in the way that others do," says Gallius. "They are not subtle in the way men are. They are.. different. I will talk to Valon and Prowler if I can, and see what I can do. I want us to work together."

Ramar says, "I am not so sure... you saw how Valon used the Silver Pact. They are subtle, yes, adept spies, apt to know more than they let on... but then perhaps I overestimate them. It is still something I am wary of. As I am wary of many dealings that go on in the world."

"I know they are capable enough, but I don't think they mean to trick me in that way," says Gallius. "I want to understand them better, but I am not one of them. I have little time, so I fear I cannot know them very well, but perhaps I will know enough to be able to treat them correctly."

Ramar chuckles, "You mean you're not going to be thrown out in the middle of the woods with nothing more than your clothing to survive?" He goes on to explain, "I can try to teach you what I know of Lunar Virtue... if you'd like."

Gallius laughs softly, "Who needs clothing to survive?" she teases. "I would like to hear what you know of Lunar virtues, though. It might make me more capable of helping things along."

"Well I don't know. It all depends on how good you are," replies Ramar. "As far as what I know of Lunar Virtues... well Valon put it best.. but there are tenets such as Defend your Own, Know Where You Stand, that sort of thing."

Gallius nods slowly. "So I should just find out what I can from Valon and go from there." She yawns and stretches on the grass. "Mmm, I wish I could just relax and sleep instead, but I suppose I shouldn't waste any time."

Ramar smiles, "As you wish Lady Gallius. Valon could likely tell you more. I will tell you what I can, though it may end up putting you to sleep." And with that, Ramar will begin to teach Gallius what it is he's learned. Or at least he'll attempt to explain the Silver Way.

Ramar smiles, "Although as I've been learning, at times it is best to let other Lunars deal with one another. Or at least to let them think they are."

"If I go to speak with them, will you come with me?" asks Gallius softly. "I'd like one friendly face nearby. One who isn't quite so obsessed with living wild."

"Not all of the Lunars are obsessed with living wild." Ramar pauses though, and considers Gallius. "I may. I am not certain as to how I feel about uniting the Lunars under the banner of Ma-Ha-Suchi. Especially since our last encounter was rather... er... not quite as friendly as I'd hope. I seem to recall he tried to kill you. And subsequently the lot of us."

"Do not say it that way," says Gallius. "Not under his banner, nor under any banner, save Luna's. Lunars honor each other, but will never follow each other like a soldier follows a captain. Or so I would guess from my observations. The Lunars should work together to do good things."

Ramar grins, "Ah but they will submit to their betters." He shakes his head, but at the mention of Lunar cooperation, "Now there I agree with you. They should indeed work together to do the things that they had done in ages past. Or perhaps to do them better than they had been done before. I am going to tell you this now though, there is not a very good chance they will listen to me. I am a low-ranking Lunar, as it is."

"I want you there to stand with me," says Gallius. "Even if you have no high rank, you are a bridge from Solars to Lunars. You stand in both worlds, do you not?" She smiles and hmms, "And I stand in one, but wish to force my world to work with the other."

"Perhaps. There is much I must know before I do this thing... and I shall do what I can to help bridge the two different worlds." Ramar bows his head, "Give me time to think on this, Lady Gallius."