Bidding farewell to Heavenly Aspect of Water, and to Marina further down the path, the three Solars begin the arduous joruney over the mountain paths. Ramar's sharp eyes, Davron's keen mind, and Chi-Yosh's well-honed instincts join together in the effort required. To conceal the passage of ten men, some of whom are wounded, is no mean feat, and though some attempts at misdirection are encountered along the way, the path of the Korad is established and maintained throughout the night. Only in the early hours does the trio rest, taking their meals with passing pilgrims and paying in jade for the consideration.

It's mid-morning before Ramar's ears catch the characteristic shuffle of many feet in motion. The party has tracked the passing primitives off the mountains and into the fields and grasslands at the base of the valley, heading north, always north. Ahead, in a grove of trees, the men seem to have made a sort of camp. The thin curl of wood-smoke rises through the verdant umbrella, while the party plots their next move.

Whispering as softly as the wind through the leaves, Ramar turns to his companions. "Shall we take them on now, while we have the element of surprise? Or do we lay a trap for them along their present course?"

Davron looks uncertain, as he peers through the trees. In the same soft tones, he murmurs, "I'm not sure about this... they don't even know we're here. Should we..."

Chi-Yosh looks off into the grove, before back at them. His hand falls over the stone suspended beneath his clothes, feeling the cool press against bare skin. He had observed this wonderment, walked through a garden in Nane, and felt it's power. Shifting closer to his comrads, voice has turned low. "We do not need to rush in like we had last time. I will scout ahead, and see their placement. I will see the terrain. They have nothing with range, so Davron needs a place high up, that he may rain arrows down. Ramar, you and I must find a place to choke their numbers. Among the trees. But if we surprise them, ask them to surrender first, we may avoid this fight. We killed and wounded several; they may not wish a battle they will lose. What say you?"

Davron nods to Chi-Yosh. "It's worth a try. You might get caught, even so. If you do, lead them back this way, so Ramar and I can set an ambush." With that, he studies his surroundings, and picks a tree with reasonably low-hanging branches, then begins climbing it. "I'll take a high position _here_, just in case you come back with our friends in tow."

"No, we do not need to rush in. To do so would be folly, though if you can scout without to see them, then it is a good idea. If you can remain unseen, that's even better my friend. I shall see about preparing things here, and I know you should know spots to set up ambushes when you find them. If we set our trap, and offer them a way out, they will be caught. One way or another." Ramar nods, and then gestures towards the smoke. "Do go on, friend Chi-Yosh. Be safe, be swift."

With a nod to his circle-mates, Chi-Yosh pulls back, easing behind a tree and taking a slow breath. To clear one's mind is to clear one's motions. All doubt, all concern, it is balled up, and becomes a layer of awareness, like dew across his skin. He fears, is cautious, but it is secondary. The awareness becomes keen, palpable beneath his fingers, as he draws from the tree. Serenity guides him across the soft grass, the blades bending before his feet grace their delicate backs. With each step, his calm, an unfelt wind bows and caresses the world around him, willing it, welcoming it to him. With peace of mind, he creeps towards, eyes alert for the men's posts, for places the woods may whisper are good to be for the coming fight.

Chi-Yosh continues to creep, drawing closer to the barbarian camp, and finds his body yet unharmed by hurling weapons, the air empty of alarming shouts. Eyes stay peeled, a tree becomes a welcoming shelter, then over the grass, into the bush he crawls, low to the ground. Branchs bow and craddle him from sight, ease out of his way. He looks more closely, now with better sight of the camp.

From where the stalker rests, the camp is easily visible. A hearty fire burns at the center of a circle of stones. Around it, the primitives are gathered. Those who were wounded are being tended; it appears that all of them survived, though one is unconscious. The giant sits cross-legged at the fire, arms folded, a stern look on his granite face. Sometimes conversation passes between the men, though it is in a low tone, and the few distinguishable words are in a foreign tongue. All have weapons close at hand.

Chi-Yosh looks around the camp. The trees are not clustered close enough to offer a choking point, or to ward off a full surrounding. But the branches of many trees are low, others are quite high, and with his training... A glance towards his friends. Hopefully they will hear him, and come forward, quietly. But slinking back to them to inform may risk being spotted. Enough worry. Once more the peace flows through him, and he begins to climb. Careful, silent, hugging close to the tree, inch by inch he eases up. The leaves and branches, dense to hide the rain, offer him protection, the leaves do not give him away any more then the rain pattering across them. Higher he climbs, before the flow of essence rolls through his body, letting him grow more intuned with the branches themselves. Weight reduced, balance better, the branches themselves his allies, now he can move across them like a spider on it's web. Higher he climbs, before a few branches he steps, climbing over the clearing itself. Now he wishes there were a signal he could give his circle mates, Chi-Yosh finds it is time to act. A deep breath, as his legs cross over the branch, seeming comfortable, at ease, as though he had been at the perch for days. "Greetings," He calls down in as jovial a tone as he can muster.

Several of the men shiver out of surprise. The giant stirs, then looks up, covering his eyes with his hand for a moment and peering. "You. You were with the God-blooded. Come down, and state your business," he replies after a moment, steely voice untouched by shock or discomfort at the threat of a potential enemy having approached so close. If not a wise man, certainly a courageous one.

"I do believe this is our cue, Davron." Ramar is up and moving through the woods, as soon as he hears this. He strides quickly, making an attempt to pass through and under branches, letting his feet drift over rain soaked leaves. He waits, taking the time to try to use the falling water to disguise his movements. He dips past an errant trunk as he continues the trek towards the Korad camp.

Davron shakes his head, but swings down from his branch and follows, bow unlimbered, keeping several paces behind Ramar.

"That depends, great warrior," Chi-Yosh says as he rises to his feet. Years of hunting in the trees have left him comfortable, the essence guiding his steps only help. Peace, calm. The branches make no noise beneath his movements. Along the tree's arm he strides, before dropping to one beneath with a simple step off. Crouching, peering down at the Giant, "You sought to battle my fellows. I do not wish to start another fight with honorable men, without knowing what cause I clash with. Your honor has been breached, good warrior, and I hate to have insulted another man's honor accidentally, and still the awareness of my actions excape me. Please, sir, tell me how the God-Blooded has slighted you. For I fear you will seek my blood in anger, if I touch the ground."

"Sit," the giant instructs, impatiently, not moving from his own cross-legged position. His men stay still as well, and hands that swiftly sprung toward armaments return themselves to their peaceful duties. "We are not mercenaries," he says frankly, then. "We are not murderers. He will apologize or I will face him."

Chi-Yosh continues to draw down the branches, with ease, yet not too flaunting in the ability. They are well aware how light his step is, the cat-like motions of his body, he need not wave it around like a flag. Thus would be an insult. Down he goes steadily, before touching the ground, and mimicing the giant's posture. He believes the giant, and to refuse him would be to insult him.

"I offer that apology, then," calls Davron as he steps forth from the clearing's edge. "My companions and I were on an urgent errand, and your men seemed prepared for us, so we were in doubt. But it was still wrong for me to assume you were in another man's pay." He bows deeply. "Seek you any other recompense?"

"If we have offended you in some way, then, indeed, we shall apologize." Ramar steps out of the trees, mimicing Chi-Yosh's movements, though his are decidedly more ground-oriented. He sits, beside his fellow Exalt and looks upwards. "Or I, at the very least shall apologize for any insult, or injury."

"I ask nothing from you or any other man," replies the giant, stiffly. "I ask only what is mine, and I give to other men what is theirs. We dared not face the water-spirit and we dare not attack the child of the spirits. Had you not apologized, God-blooded, I would be forced to shed your blood in Korad lands." He inclines his head now, a gesture of submission, of a kind. "Thank you for not planting that seed, for I would hate to live under the tree that grew from such violence."

Chi-Yosh smiles, quietly. He had been right. And he feels all ready at ease before the giant, for he is a man of honor, and of fairness. "Your men were poised with weapons, and approached menacing. I fear it was a snap judgement, and an insult to you. I mourn for your dead, good man. I am not a murderer, and I am sorry violence claimed them." A silent nod. "But what were you waiting on us for, great warrior?"

Ramar bows his head as well, giving a sign of relief. "Then I too am relieved, to not have planted such a seed. Violence bears ill fruits when sown in such a manner. More often than not. What shall we call you, honorable one, and what would have given you cause to attack the water-spirit? If I may ask, for such things are concerning... and we seek to learn more about the battles in the sky above..."

Davron takes a seated position now beside his companions, breathing a small sigh of relief - not knowing the ways of this giant's tribe, Davron had feared that he would insist on a duel of honor. His friends ask the questions that are on his mind as well, and though Davron suspects that the answers will be slim, he hopes that something may be learned from what the woodsman of Korad does _not_ say.

"I am Goran. I am the heir of Kor," replies the giant with a swelling of pride hinted in his voice. "We could not confront the spirit... we thought at least to obstruct any who would visit it," he says at last, considering. "But we have failed in this, too. So, we return to our home, to continue as best we can."

"You honor me by speaking your ancestry, Goran, heir of Kor." Ramar looks up towards the giant. "But for what reason would you needed to have confronted the spirit, and why should you seek to obstruct those who would visit it? Is it in some form of danger?"

The giant man shakes his head, as though considering and silently rejecting speech. He continues after a moment's hesitation. "You have strength. Come with me, and aid me. Come to the forest. I will reward you, once I have achieved the glory that is due me."

"That we do, though at the moment, we are unsure of how we might aid you, or indeed what affect the aid might have upon you. Or of the rewards to follow." Ramar's voice is curious though. "Explain though, if you might, so that any decision made will be a well-informed one, Goran, heir of Korad."

Goran leaps to his feet now, passion burning on his face as he holds out his arms in a gesture of invitation. "You are strong, capable men. You have power. No longer will the yoke of the spirits lay heavy on the necks of my people. No longer will the men of this southern kingdom mock us! We will be a true kingdom, unburdened by masters who are not of our people!" He closes one mighty fist together, shaking it, and even his own men draw back a little, as his feelings light up his eyes. "We will achieve the glory Kor dreamed of, at long last!"

---

Meanwhile, Marina descends the mountainside, with the chill presence of a spirit nipping at the fringes of her consciousness. The harmless mantis that hovers on her shoulder gives no offense, however. The journey is devoid of travellers through the darkening evening, but with the guidance of the spirit Marina's feet never fall astray from the path. It is late in the evening when her eyes see the lights of Syllum. The swift river picks up the pinpoints of light from the settlements on the far shore and reflects them like gentle stars that shimmer as raindrops strike the water's surface.

Patient Mantis' ineffable communion draws Marina's attention to a well-used farm trail leading away from the pathway up into the mountains, marked by twin ruts worn by wagon wheels. In the gloom of night she walks, guarded by her keen senses. Beyond is a barn, joined in the solitude of the grassy plain by a single lonely fir tree ten paces to the left of the path. There is tinder and flint, and a lantern, inside the door. Stepping inside to take shelter from the rain, and assured by her hearing that only the slyest of spies could be here without her knowledge, Marina lights the lantern and begins to look around.

Satisfied that it is safe to rest and consider the problem, Marina's subtle magic suffuses the lonely barn. Her heart beats in time, it seems, with the rhythmic tapping of rain on the roof. Her breath blows like the wind over the walls of it. At her fingertips is the texture of hay, the rough and gnarled wood of the stalls. Her eyes glide over the walls and floor, and her pulse quickens as the hints nestled deep in the overall truth of the barn reveal themselves.

_A well used barn_, Marina muses, as she notes a few fibres stuck in a hole in the wall. Bloodied fibres. She pulls them out, carefully washing the blood off and looking at the colour. _Well, well, well, someone high and mighty is involved. Someone who ..._ She examines the fibre carefully, trying to memorize the colour as best she can, given the sparsity of her samples. That colour is sure to appear at the council.

Looking around once more, Marina holds the lantern how to catch every last iota of meaning. _A non-fatal blow; crippling, disabling, but not fatal. Must have been bad news; poor messenger._ She pauses, looking around, and decides to spend the night on the trail. This barn is not the best of places to rest. Still, she carefully wraps the fibres, and scrapes some of the blood into a small vial.

Then, smiling, Marina turns to the praying mantis, considering him carefully. "Spirit, I do not know your skills, but would ask you; given a sample of a man's blood, and a scrap of the clothes he wears, would you be able to track such a man, or recognize him when you see him?"

"I can," comes the directionless voice.

Holding up the vial of blood spatters, and the pathetically small collection of fibres, Marina nods. "Then, please, should you ever see the man from whence these came, point him out to me? Preferably in a manner and at a time when none around me will know what you are telling me."

"My words are for your ears alone," the spirit's "voice" replies again.

At last Marina arrives at her customary lodgings, entering the front door of the inn and drying herself at the fire that burns in the common room. The innkeeper, reclining at his customary table and drinking from a sculpted stein, nearly spits up his drink as he becomes aware of her arrival. Quickly he rises, moving with conviction toward the door leading into the kitchen and back-rooms.

Moving quickly, Marina follows him, disconcerted as she is by his evasive actions.

"You have followed the trail without my guidance," says Patient Mantis softly, as well. "Have you no need of me?" Meanwhile, the innkeeper is busy fumbling drunkenly at the latch of the back-entrance, but his bleary eyes and besotted brain aren't equal to the task.

A quiet whisper: "Without you, I would not have known. Thank you." Stepping forward firmly, obviously displeased, Marina places a hand on the man's shoulder. "You. I would have a word with you, man."

"Aiiiii--- gho.. ghost.. I will bury your remains, goodwoman, and my family and I will pray for... you... no... you can't be alive!" the man wails, the fumes of his bitter brew radiating out into the air of the kitchen. "I... we.... I only did what I was told.." He sinks to his knees, clutching his hands together in supplication.

Towering over him, Marina places her hands on her hips. "Told, man, what were you told?" She dismisses his allegations of ghosthood, or impending death, as though they were but wisps of cloud dispersed by a weak sun; she has so little time for them. Rather, her towering rage is focused on this puling excuse of a human being.

"T-t-t-t-told you would be dead and buried!" the innkeeper weeps, his meager will batted aside like a half-broken buckler against the thrust of Marina's wit-sharpened spear of malice. "T-to say you had gone to your room and not left... no message... couldn't reveal..."

"Who told you? And how much were you paid?" Marina growls, low voiced now. "And quit your weeping; we'll not wake the other guests; they have no need to see this."

"He paid me nothing! He was only a messenger! I dare not go against the will of any minister! I.. I...." The man clutches at Marina's garments, sobbing. "Please forgive me!"

Looking down at the man, Marina sighs. "A name, then. Name me this minister. And I think ..." She taps her toes. "I think we will not owe you for our lodgings, will we? Nor will you admit that we returned if asked, now will you?"

The innkeeper is broken. Thoughts of recompense are entirely outside his mind, at the moment. "I.... It .... it was...."

---

"MINISTER CHIROG!" bellows Goran. In the forest through which the Korad men, Davron and Ramar travel, birds rise suddenly from their treetop perches in startlement and flee to the heavens, driven by the vehement wrath of the giant man. "That... worthless... excuse of a man..." Goran clenches his fists around the handles of his twin axes. "It was him that stole our birthright, our very heritage! And for a broken promise... When I see him, I shall stain the river of his homeland with his blood!" The party has been walking since mid-morning, letting Chi-Yosh depart back for the capital with assurances of his return in a timely manner.

"Uhm, Goran... if you could calm yourself for a moment, perhaps you can explain things in a way that my companion and I might understand it. After all, we are not privvy to such information as to what he had done, what birthright he stole, and what promise he broke..." Ramar's voice is as calming as it is calm, as he strides alongside the large barbarian.

"You will see when we reach the forest," says Goran, now dangerously cheerful for some reason. Perhaps it's that he's vented. Perhaps it's that he's still venting, by chopping low-hanging branches out of the way with his weapons. The blades are uncomfortably sharp, as the wood provides absolutely no resistance.

"And you have yet to tell us how we're to be aiding you. Although I have some idea... though I suspect that the more we know the better." Ramar continues, watching as the woods become thicker and thicker, and yet they still fall prey to the barbarian's axes. _Well he's mad... the Wyld will do that to a man. I do hope we can come out of this alive._

Davron's own fists clench. "One of the elders of Syllum?" says the young archer in indignant astonishment, and his eyes widen. He nods shortly to Ramar, although his companion's words fail to calm _him_. "He betrayed you? How? Yes, let us see indeed." He goes on, more to himself, "Twice a traitor, maybe?"

"We will forge a kingdom out of Korad," says Goran, speaking plainly for the first time, it seems. "We will force the spirits to accede to OUR wishes. We will not play their games anymore. We will not divide and unite our families, our homes, because of the roads they make through the forest. We WILL be our own men. Yes. And Chirog.... he will give back what he took."

"And what was it that Chirog took? Why should you unite your people now, after so long? What will your kingdom do, once it's been forged?" Ramar is quite curious now. And nervous, though he tries his best not to show it.

Davron lets his companion do the talking, as he is so fond of doing, and continues on in silence himself. _An ambitious undertaking, to set oneself against the spirits. Does he have a plan, I wonder? If not, something tells me this is going to be a short rebellion indeed..._

"You will know what he took," says Goran, smiling. "When we reach the forest, and your friends arrive, you will all know.." He sighs a little, holstering his axes and walking in silence for a moment. "Our kingdom will be our home, Ramar. It will be ... a home for the children of Kor. It will not be our prison. The tribes don't see this. Our people have been blinded by the spirits. But I see it.. I and my tribe. I lead, they follow. If they do not follow, then I am a fool." Five or six voices go up from the other men, hitherto silent, voicing their own support in their own way. "We follow you, Goran." "King Goran!" "Our brave ruler!"

"Ah. Well then, I suppose we shall wait in time. Tell me more of your kingdom Goran? If it is to be your home, it should be one that exists in piece with the others. What sort of ruler would you be?" Ramar regards Goran curiously...

"I will rule as the men of the Hundred Kingdoms rule," says Goran, with feeling. "I will be strong. I will be fair. Men will speak my name with reverence, because they wish to. I will be remembered, not feared. I will trade with other nations, that which is ours to give; I will take from them that which they offer in return. We will be men of learning. We will have culture. We will farm and fish and hunt, and build. We will do that which the men of Syllum do, and we will no longer be called savages."

"Myself, I'd as soon know more about how we should break Korad free of its 'prison'," comments Davron. "The spirits are formidable foes, I doubt not. Still, we shall see that as well, I doubt not. Lead on, Goran," he finishes, with a note of confidence.

Ramar nods, "I am interested to know about this as well. How is it that the spirits fall into this plan of yours?" Ramar idly considers the Barbarian and then glances back. _He means to save his people... but in doing so, he may doom them all..._

"The spirits bow to the will of Gaulderak," says Goran in reply. "I will dethrone Gaulderak. No longer will He have power; we will instead use Riverspeak as our tongue. Without Him, the spirits can no longer control us."

Ramar ponders, "How is it that the spirits control you as it stands, Goran? And how do you propose to free yourself from their yoke, once Gaulderak is dethroned? Why is he the important one?"

"He is our god," answers the giant. "He commands the spirits, and as long as we speak no other tongue, we must obey the power of the Spirit Tracks. If we abandon Him, we can freely travel the forest again."

"Why is the tongue you speak so important? How does it limit you, and bind you to the power of the Spirit Tracks? What would happen to your people if they were freed from that power?" Ramar begins to consider the long term consequences of Goran's vision. After all, in freeing Korad from the Spirit Tracks, they may weaken it's power and life as a nation as a whole.

Looking at Ramar, Goran shakes his head, his face blurring through expressions as he tries to find words to explain what he himself takes entirely for granted. "Gaulderak is.. Gaulderak. No more questions! You will see when we come to the forest," he says at last.

Like a whispered rumor from the north, Chi-Yosh walks. His passage is in harmony with the life around him. The grass bows to him as he passes, inclined by a respectful wind. The trees sing softly to him, guiding his footfalls in the proper direction. And soon, the stone and wood and splendor of a floral rainbow meets his eye - the capital. He moves forward without hesitation.

Chi-Yosh pushes through the door of the Inn. He is half expecting to find trouble on the toher side of the door, yet Marina's wave assures him. He does so, and crosses towards her, looking tired from the long trek into the capitol. Settling down at the table, the man slouches a little, resting comfortably, and indeed sampling. "It is good to see you again, well and healthy." He looks sidelong hard at the innkeeper at this.

Looking up, Marina notices Chi-Yosh come in. With a brisk hand wave she dismisses the innkeeper, and motions at Chi-Yosh to close the door, and join her in sampling these excellent viands.

"Yes, yes, healthy and well." She looks up. "Go, innkeeper. We need more wine, and privacy. And silence on your part." Her eyes narrow dangerously, as she considers the man. Her voice gentles to silky tones. "You won't betray us, will you?" Then, smiling faintly, she ignores the man, and looks at Chi-Yosh. "You look tired. Seat yourself, and enjoy these viands. After the wine, we can exchange stories."

What Marina has learned from this man about Minister Chirog is all that any common man of the kingdom would know. Elected from the ranks of the academics to the position of Minister Chirog, the man showed capability and compassion. He went against Syllum's insular character, trading with far-off lands for new herbs and lores. He even sponsored an ill-fated caravan to the Uttermost East, putting up his own money to finance the expedition.

He is beloved by apothecaries and surgeons, and his name is invoked by midwives in the throes of their bloody, vibrant craft. Although ambitious, he also showed every measure of love for the people of the kingdom. He has held his position for thirteen years.

"This is the man, Chi-Yosh, who browbeat the innkeeper, who promised my ghost would haunt him, should he speak of my departure." Marina shakes her head. "This is our beloved minister of medicine?"

Chi-Yosh frowns deeply, and finishes his share of the supper. The walk had left him hungry. "He is not mine or yours, Marina, but he is theirs, and that is enough to be of concern." A shake of his head, arms folding before him, while he explains the situation that has unfolded with the Korad people, with Goran.

Sipping her wine slowly, Marina winces. "This is going to be an interesting peace to broker. We have our minister of medicine, trying to spike the peace at this end, and your Goran, determined to wrest freedom from the ... the spirits?" She looks at her bodyguard, and sighs. "Tomorrow, we should both be on high alert. I will be concentrating on their - particularly his - motives. You will need to be vigilant; someone would love to shoot us in the back."

Chi-Yosh nods his head sagely. "I will do what I must. And let us hope for everyone's sake, that such love is not indulged tomorrow." A frown, as he looks up the stairs. "Though I fear things ill of luck for us may happen tonight, while we sleep."

Offering a glass of her wine to the spirit hovering over her shoulder, Marina smiles. "Will you watch, while we sleep, mighty mantis?"

"I will," says Patient Mantis. With those silent words comes a vibrant wave of surety and confidence. There can be no doubt of this eternal spirit's vigilance.

---

The King's chambers of the fortress are spacious, a hollow cylinder shaped from stone bricks and painted with geometric floral abstracts. The banner of the kingdom rests easily on the woven tapestry, behind the raised dais on which the throne sits. At the left hand of the throne are thirteen chairs, level with the floor, for the ministers, arranged in some obscure political order to measure closeness to the throne, from Marina's interviews.

On the other side are the "common sets" - the long pews in which the 'common folk' of Syllum are invited to sit, to watch the proceedings. In practice the pews are filled with the wealthy or the academics, those who have the most direct vested interest in the proceedings of the land. Marina stands at attention before the throne, as directed; Chi-Yosh, as her escort, stands to her left and behind her - in her shadow, by no coincidence, thanks to the lighting of the room.

"We recognize you, Marina," says Syldunsen VIII, regally - in this court, it seems, the king speaks directly, rather than through a mouthpiece. "Your petition has been presented to us, and we see it as good. We will administer the test with the heirlooms of our kingdom. Step forward, if your bravery be equal to your words."

Marina steps forward, her chin held high. "My bravery, sir, will always match my words, and my words will match my bravery. For what is the one without the other, when one is a mediator by trade?"

Chi-Yosh, silent at the woman's back, steps forward lightly. The gesture is small, and perhaps unnoticed, but if so, the intent is obvious: even in this test, he will be there at her side, in case he is needed. A dare to them that the test will cause her harm.

Nodding, the King rises from his throne. As the light of the chamber falls from his face, his features become more visible to the two Solars. A young King, with a peaceful and open face. A man of more dreams than ambitions. He draws the sword girt at his side, then, and extends its blade to Marina. "Upon this blade, rest your hand, and swear your oath. That you will do no harm to Syllum, to its King, nor to its people. That you will be loyal to your words, but not to our land; that you may abandon us, but you will not betray us. So swear."

Pausing a moment, Marina looks intently at the blade, and then smiles at the young king. "You word your oaths well, your Majesty, but you bind me about more than I can accept, if I am to bring peace. For ..." She pauses a moment, as though seeking the right words, while she gathers her presence around her like an invisible cloak. This is a time when persuasion _matters_. She keeps her voice low, and gentle.

"Your Majesty, surely it has not escaped your notice that these difficulties, from which this kingdom suffers, might have been caused in part by the people you lead. If I swear to protect all, I must perforce protect those who had a very hand in creating these troubles." Marina smiles, trying to project much persuasiveness. "I do not wish to be troublesome, your Majesty, but could we perforce limit the oath to those people who have not acted to harm your kingdom?"

"As you wish," the King says, face somewhat clouded. The briefest side-glance reveals hints of consternation among the ministers, but none voice doubts. "Swear on the blade."

Placing her hand on the blade, fingers lightly curled around the obviously sharp edge, Marina swears the oath, amending it as she requested.

Beckoning Chi-Yosh forward, then, the King repeats his demand. "Chi-Yosh, as well. So swear." A few murmurs from the ministers are barely audible, but none act - yet.

Chi-Yosh has watched the preceedings with a slight touch of worry. The blade looks magical, and if the oath is broken, he has the destinct impression that vengence shall be wrot with such a weapon. Marina does wiggle quite a bit with the request of the oath, but he is still uncomfortable; their agenda, the goal they seek, may conflict with protecting Syllum, if Syllum batters its' head despite the traitor. But, his word is his word, and he is determined to save the crops, save the peasants, and the people who deserve to see the sunlight again. Both hands lay atop the blade, as he swears his oath of loyalty to his words.

As Chi-Yosh finishes his own recitation, the King nods. "Your perfidy will be your death," he states grandly, ritually, as though incanting an ancient verse. "Your honor will be your life. The Blade of Binding Oaths witnesses the truth!" And with that, he thrusts the weapon to its hilts into Chi-Yosh's chest.

Looking at the sword sinking into Chi-Yosh's chest, Marina grimaces. Her own sternum is whimpering a little at the coming cut. But she stands, straight. A King would not kill; not such a one as this young dreamer. Vows made must be bound, and the blood binds the tightest.

The blade juts from Chi-Yosh's back, bloodless. To the man himself, it felt like the soft passage of a spring breeze from his homeland. Not a hint of the steel, embedded in his body, can be felt. In that moment the King withdraws it, and again he swings the blade, apparently cutting through Chi-Yosh's neck at its most vulnerable point. This too feels like nothing more than the soft current of air, and the warrior stands entirely unharmed.

Stepping forward, Marina smiles. "I believe, your Majesty, the sword cut now goes to me?"

Chi-Yosh's breath is held tight in his lungs... and it doesn't escape in an erupotion of blood. A good sign, he thinks. He marvels at the lack of cold steel rending flesh, and does not flinch at the swipe. A smile to the king, before he steps back, and offers a slight bow of his head.

Delivering the fatal blows in like manner, the King steps back after a few moments. "You live," he remarks, now that the blade has passed entirely unharmed through both bodies. "As long as you hold to your oath, you shall be unharmed by this weapon. If you betray your oath, the wounds you received will become real."

Nodding, Marina smiles. "When we abandon you, is the oath considered fulfilled?" She looks around. "For though you rule a beautiful kingdom ..."

Meanwhile, the rumblings from the minister have grown audible. "Your Majesty, this woman's accusation cannot be borne!" exclaims Minister Eldwyne at last, rising from his chair and shaking a wrinkled finger. "If she.. if she demands an oath to exempt traitors, she should speak her mind! Then justice can be served to them, as is our law!"

Turning to face the elderly minister, Marina smiles and drops a slight curtsey, offering him respect even as she gainsays him. "If I swear to protect traitors, with my very life, does not that make me a traitor, Minister, my life forfeit to the very oath that forced me to protect the traitor?" She pauses a moment, letting that thought sink in, before sweeping onwards. "I do not know, Minister, what the root causes of this dispute are. However, only rarely are disputes solely one sided, and it is a poor mediator who limits her options before she meets the principals."

Slamming his fist down on the chair, Eldwyne sits again. "You need not protect them," he grouses. "You need only name them." Now Chirog stands, clearing his throat and addressing his fellow ministers with a placid face and warm eyes. "But, to accuse any man of station in Syllum of an act of betrayal would do great harm to the kingdom," he says calmly. His eyes flash toward Wulfham briefly, then he speaks again. "Marina's oath is just. She will do as best she can, and the Blade will confirm it." And with this he sits.

Chi-Yosh watches this, and keeps his face neutral, his arms crossed comfortable. Though, he finds Chirog is doing well to hide his dealings behind supporting the potential downfall. Though he knows that Marina will be graceful with her words, as always.

Turning to face Chirog, Marina drops another slight curtsey. "Thank you, sir. You speak truth." As she looks at him, she weighs him with her eyes, in ways that seem inconsequential, seeking to understand his motives. He, after all, is the one who has perhaps the most to explain. He is not known to be a traitor yet, but his behaviour confuses and perplexes her; a man of medicine - an honoured man of medicine - who would see his people fall pray to the many diseases that extended rains bring ...

... A man who would offer her harm, when all she offers is a chance at peace. That, alone, makes him a dangerous man, and one who may yet prove to be exempt of this new oath, no matter how much he defends her now.

Raising his hand for silence, the King smiles amiably at Marina. "Fortunately you can trust those of us here, at least," he says. "Each has taken an oath, to work for the greater good of Syllum." And gesturing to the ministers, he begins walking toward where they rest. Each man rises in turn, from nearest the throne to furthest, as the King delivers thrust after thrust to their chests. Each man goes unharmed despite the violence of the attack. Murmurs of satisfaction ripple through the crowd that's gathered, and as the last minister sits, the King returns to his throne. "Please... do what you can," he says quietly. "Go with our blessing."