After leaving the Elven Breath Hole, everyone collaborated to simply hit the hay. Elucreh returning home, the others to their Inn for a good night's sleep. That morning, a quick meal, and preperations of spells ment to deal with the current investigation partaken. It had been agreed to meet Elucreh in the Inn at ten o'clock, to begin the process once more.

Elucreh arrives, promptly, and finds the group's table. Easing down, "All right. Now, we have much to discuss."

Derleth seems to be in a good mood this morning...if fact, he was like that since they left Larcen, as if finally glad they seemed to be making true headway.

Rosalie, dressed once more in a plain tunic and trews, her hair carefully washed and braided, makes her grand entrance on the staircase, smiling at the gathered group.

Elucreh leans over, murmuring to Kyrel in a playful tone, "Does she usually try and get attention?"

Kyrel chuckles, leaning over to whisper back, "So far. We've only known her a few days."

Sliding into her seat, Rosalie orders a light breakfast, and a cup of very hot very steaming coffee. "So, Elucreh, what shall we do next?"

Derleth sits by Sil. "I say we track down our suspicious gigolo....beat some answers out of him."

The detective eases back. "First, Kyrel, I checked. There's no record of 'Resin Salve'. We have no idea what that substance is." His hands ease onto the table. "Now, I'd like to ask, up front, is there anything else you're not telling me?"

Kyrel says, "We've got two very reasonable scenarios now. One, Lord or Lady Foxmantle killed the bard to stop their daughter's ... affair - two, the bard was killed by a druglord as a competitor, and the party was simply a coincidence." He thinks about the question. "I believe all our cards are on the table..."

Derleth spreads his hands. "We're playing straight with you, officer. We're working with you now, there's no point in holding anything back."

Kyrel nods. "Which reminds me - did you search Lord Foxmantle's study?"

He nods his head. "Yes, actually. Banyan did. He had a few things of interest in there. Especially the remnants of the rope, and a few other documents."

Kyrel says, "I caught some magic auras while I was in there at one point.. hidden behind a concealed panel. Illusion and Abjuration. Did he find anything like that?"

Derleth taps his chin then, trying to think if there's anything he's forgotten...

"Mmhm. A dagger, and a statuette. We confiscated them, descreetly, and had them identified. The dagger would appear to be minorly protected, but also having a paticularly clever little enchantment. It offers a slight bit of speed to the user, not so much for striking, but for defense; a fencing dagger, actually. The statuette, that was interesting." He smiles. "And, this was found elsewhere..."

Rosalie nods, curiously?

Elucreh removes from the inside of his loose cloak two chopsticks, made of dark wood. He sets them on the table.

Kyrel chuckles. "Ah, you did find the statuette, then. You figured out how it worked?"

Derleth scratches his chin. "Curious."

Derleth groans. "I completely forgot about taht silly thing..."

Elucreh nods his head. "Curious little item." Looking around the table, at the silent faces in reguards to the chopsticks. Eyes flicking to Derleth, he's silent for a moment, before offering, "All right. You said you found something beneath Zaranda's nail?"

Rosalie raises an eyebrow at the chopsticks, looking them over carefully. "Those are ... well made, Elucreh. But I don't believe I've seen them before."

Derleth blinks. "Didn't you? I only took a small sample....there were splinters of wood. We never found out what kind, however."

Kyrel says, "Wood splinters, wasn't it, Derleth? Dark ones?"

Elucreh nods his head. He picks up one of the chopsticks, and rolls it over. Along the side, is an indention, as if something had been scraped off.

Derleth suddenly looks down at the chopsticks. "Beshaba's breasts....we just got a connection."

Derleth says, "That suddenly makes things very confusing...men don't usually wear those silly things, do they?"

Kyrel says, "Whose are they?"

"They don't. That's why they were found in Shamnur Foxmantle's dirty cloths from the evening before."

Rosalie blinks at Derleth. "Wear them? I thought they were eating utensils."

Kyrel says, "The hairpins, Rosalie."

Derleth shakes his head at Rosalie. "I'm surprised you don't recognize them...they keep hair in place. And **you're** the walking fashion statement."

Derleth rubs his chin. "Shamnur, kill Zaranda? Why? This is dammned confusing."

Kyrel says, "Could fit either scenario. She did it because of her connection to Larcen, or because of Zaranda's connection to her daughter."

Rosalie chuckles, ruefully, in Derleth's direction. "Little pieces of wood like that aren't really strong enough to hold my hair up. But now that you mention it, the lady did have her hair up. I wonder if she still had it up at the end of the evening."

Derleth says, "I still wonder, then, why she'd dirty her hands with it herself. She didn't seem like that sort to me."

Elucreh leans forward, fingers steepling. "Now, the question here is, what is our next step? Leris?"

Silniya leans forward, taking up the flaked chopstick, to sniff.

Derleth shakes his head. "Larcen will come to us, with the goods. We should hit Leris first."

Kyrel says, "Or... perhaps Zaranda attacked her first? She'd certainly defend herself, no matter how little she would want to soil her hands with honest labor."

\*\*\*\*\*Erase Derthlet's post about Larcen.

Derleth nods. "Larcen will come to us in good time...we need to find out how our erstewhile ladiesman cum thief cum drug dealer fits into this equation."

Kyrel says, "Leris might indeed have something interesting to tell us."

The detective considers. "Here's my thought. Let us assume Shamnur did it, for the moment. She crept up behind Zaranda, garoetted her, started strangling her. Now, when this happens, you're **going** to struggle. Likely while flailing, she tried to claw at her assauliant's head." He gestures at the chopsticks.

"So," Elucreh offers, "We find this Leris. I assume all of us aren't?"

Kyrel nods. "That's how I pictured it, yes."

Rosalie leans back, tucking into her breakfast. "I think, lads, that I had best spend the day wandering around town. Larcen will undoubtedly be watching me, and perhaps I should give him something to enjoy."

Silniya looks curiously over at Rose. "Wouldn't that require your bodyguard and hound?"

Kyrel says, "The bodyguard, at least, I would think."

Rosalie smiles lopsidedly. "Well ... yes?"

Rosalie winks at Derleth. "We could go shopping for your lady love."

"Then," Silniya returns, "It's I and Kyrel questioning the riding partner?"

This also earns a little grin from the swordswoman.

Derleth tsks. "I did want to make Leris squirm...but you make a good point." He blushes at Rosalie's commentary. Clearing his throat, he grins lopsidedly at Rosalie. "In that case, mistress, you have my full cooperation. Just try not to have me lift any too heavy things."

Snickering, Silniya leans over to mutter to Derleth.

Derleth chokes at the whisper, imitating a ripe beet. "Be nice..." he murmurs.

Elucreh nods. A glance to Kyrel. "So, I'm off with you?"

Rosalie raises her mug at Silniya. "Well, lady, what shall it be? A thousand pearls, each larger than the last? A magnificent bow? A sharp knife? Or a single ear ring, perfectly suited to craft her complexion? Or shall we simply window shop, and he can let you choose tonight?"

Kyrel says, "It seems so. Let's just hope we get our cleric back in one piece...."

"Hey now, don't strain my purse too much, Rosalie. I'm all for gifts, but I'm not made out of money." Derleth grumbles...

Sitting back in her chair, Silniya considers this. "You know," She says to Rose, "I don't have that many good...mm, 'Nice' cloths. Things for after a hard day's travel, or whatnot. Something soft, and...pretty." She lifts a brow. "I'm sure you, with your good taste, could find me something?"

Rosalie smiles widely. "Oh, I'm sure we can find something to rival the dress you wore at the ball, m'lady. And we'll keep it loose, and flowing, I think. Green, with gold highlights, to bring out the russet in your fur ..."

Her smile deepends. "I think that will do. Something to... sleep in."

Derleth swallows. _This will definitely be an interesting shopping trip...not to mention the trying on, afterwards....gods, it's like living next to an active volcano!_

The five split, Derleth and Rosalie heading towards the Bazaar, planning on visiting the Business section of town. Meanwhile, Kyrel, Elucreh and Silniya head towards the Wide Realms. The large playhouse is, of course, there and bustling with light activity.

The three push into the foyer that goes roughly around the exterior of the circular building. A short woman with a wig pauses, on her way into the interior of the building. "Can I help you?" She chirps.

Kyrel says, "We're looking for a fellow by the name of Leris."

Her lips thin, as she reguards the pair, seeing as Kyrel had taken the forethought to make Elucreh unseen. "All rightie; can I ask who's knocking?"

Kyrel says, "He won't know us. Tell him Lady Foxmantle sent us. "

She seems to recognize the name. A little nod, before disappearing through the door. Her head poking back out, "Oh, he's on the stage!"

There would appear to several people actually leaving the stage, with a few still loitering about. Out loud, there's a booming, "Ten minutes! Ten minutes, then we're doing it _again!_." The woman waves her hands. "I'll show you up on stage."

Kyrel nods. "Thank you. This shouldn't take long."

The interior of the theatre is relatively large. A circular seating area, with roughly two and a half floors for seats, the highest being boxes or special balconies. The ground before the stage is dirt, a few seeds, shells, and bits of fruit were missed from being swept up from the previous performance. Kyrel, Silniya, and the unseen detective are lead onto the stage by a small set of stairs beside. Various objects hang from the rafters, suns, moons, and other constructs. A glance around would earn the man, as Derleth described; young, smooth and dressed to fit the role of a cutthroat. "Hey, Leris! These folks're looking for you," Calls the wig-adorned woman.

Leris walks over, looking to Kyrel and Sil, before nodding to the guide. "Thank you." A disarming smile beaming the illusionist's way. "Yes?"

Kyrel smiles back. "We'd like to ask you a few questions about the night of the Foxmantle's revel, if you have a few minutes."

His expression seems a little displeased at that, and he tugs at the collar of his tunic. "Ah, yes?"

Kyrel shrugs. "It's us or the Watch. She's asked us to try to clear up the murder. Were you anywhere near the gardens that night?"

Leris looks up at the open rafters for a moment, before glancing back as Kyrel begins to speak. "Oh, that business. No, I wasn't actually..." He chuckles hesitantly. "I left a little...early."

Kyrel grins, hopefully in a disarming fashion. "So I understood. We talked to several of the servants before we came down here... Can you tell us anything about Zaranda the bard? Any idea why anyone would want to kill her?"

Silniya's gaze slowly drifts upward, aswell, having followed the actor's gaze.

Leris's grin is idle. "Well, she was a bitch," He says, as if he were joking. "Atleast, she was very... standoffish. Had an attitude about her." He shrugs his shoulders, "And some other things. So, she did anger a few folks. But, not enought to Kill her."

Kyrel says, "Singers can be that way... was she involved in anything shady? That was suggested as a motive, too."

"Mmm... Can't think of anything, no."

Kyrel lets an eyebrow creep up at that. "Nothing at all?"

Leris shakes his head. "Not that I'm aware of."

Kyrel says, "Why did you leave early?"

Kyrel feels a tap on his shoulder. A quiet 'no'.

"Oh, well, other things came up, actually."

Leris chuckles. "I'm not suspected of the murder, am I?"

Kyrel says, "Not as far as I know, unless you snuck back after you left the first time. It would help a great deal if you were more honest about your dealings with Zaranda, though."

He spreads his hands. "What? She worked here. We're employees, here. What more do you want?"

Kyrel says, "The truth. You had other ... business dealings, shall we say?"

He frowns. "She had connections, just like I did."

Kyrel says, "Fair enough. Was she in trouble with those connections? Or were there rivals who didn't like her connections?"

Leris snickers. "Well, some local people who didn't appreciate competition but..." He shrugs. "What're they going to do about it?"

Kyrel says, "Well, if they killed her because of it, we'd like them not to do it any more. Can you tell us who?"

"Well, I can't tell you Who," he replies, "Because they didn't do it."

Kyrel blinks. "You're sure? Then who did?"

His head cocks. "That's your job, pal."

Silniya lets out a slight sigh, and idly begins to pace a good half the stage, while keeping her eye on Leris.

Kyrel says, "Mine or the Watch. How do you think _they'll_ do it? If you your contacts didn't do it, that implies you know who did."

He puts his hands on his hips. "Do you have anything on me?"

Kyrel says, "Legally? Just attempted theft and drug dealing. Lord Foxmantle might also be interested in some of your activities, though..."

"Ha. First, whatever you have, it's likely heresay. You want to pin something? Get proof. Foxmantle's an old, fat fool who's wife is tired of him. And, how do _I_ Think the Watch will do it? Ask me a few questions, run me in with supposed information, ask me more questions, keep me a few hours, then let me go for no grounds. When you can do better, come back."

Kyrel grins, nastily this time, and tells Kiri to peer out of his usual concealment. When the bat is watching the actor, he continues. "Better? I'm not constrained by their rules. I can do much _worse_. Just ask the Talonites... if you can find any left around here."

This of course does give the actor a course of thought. He nods, as if acknowledging something. "Okay, you got me there. But, you're forgetting two things. First, you have to follow the same laws I do. So, you can only go so far before it's a little wrong, no?"

Kyrel says, "Touche. I'm not really going to gut you and leave you for dead. But I want to find out what's going on, and I've got friends suitable for back alley questionings - and I'm not above _that_. Secondly - unlike the Watch, I could care less what other rules you're breaking. If you point me in the right direction, I won't bring your name up later. "

Silniya chooses this time to step up beside Kyrel.

Kyrel says, "Cross us, though, and I can have you followed indefinitely. Ever hear of an invisible servant?"

"Hmm." Leris taps on his belt. Head canting to that. "Okay, I don't do anything for a certain period of time. Great, I take a break from this or that. Sounds like a vacation." Hands find his pockets, "Tell you what. You're here, where I work. These people," He looks around, nodding to a few who've taken notice, "They're family. The only people who can hurt family, and get away with it, are those in your family. You got me?"

Kyrel nods. "Understood."

"You want something? Think about that."

"Now, you keep my name out of this. But, either way, I'm getting the dagger in the back. I've said too much. We through?"

Kyrel nods, assessing the fellow's look as an attempt to be clever, rather than a counterthreat. "I see.... I think I do... Very well, I won't take up any more of your time right now. Get back to your rehearsal."

Leris nods, and walks off, towards backstage.

Silniya mutters, "I'm glad that didn't turn ugly. I saw something in the rafters."

Kyrel sighs. "No surprise. These folks do have to take care of each other. Anyone else you want me to talk to while we're here, Eculreh?"

"I wonder who here has red eyes," Sil prompts. From behind the three, "That would be Lommy."

Kyrel turns and smiles at the owner of the voice - the Mill. "Milady. It's a pleasure to see you again."

She nods, in finery as before. "As to you, Kyrel." She nods to Silniya. A half-smile finds her features. "I hope you're not harrassing my actors too much."

"Well, certainly not _actors_, milady," the half-elf replies, emphasizing the plural. "Perhaps just one. You've heard of the death of Zaranda, I assume?"

Her expression draws into a saddened one. "Yes, unfortunately. She would often get many seats packed, when she sang here. And, a nice girl. Dreadful, what happened."

Kyrel nods. "We're trying to find out what happened. We've turned up many ... sordid tales in the process, I'm afraid. One almost understands why paladins act the way they do."

She chuckles a little. "Well, I wish you success in what you do. And, I hope you come by, for the performance tomorrow's eve."

Kyrel says, "I'd love to see it. Whether I'll have time... we'll see." He bows to her, and turns to leave.

He stops halfway through the turn. "Oh. Who's Lommy?"

"Of course." She's actually starting to walk, before Kyrel asks. "Oh. Lommy is the... stage hand. He works the ropes and levers that lower everything, and the trap doors, all the stage-centric items. He's a skilled worker, but a relatively anti-social Chitine."

Silniya frowns, at that.

Kyrel raises an eyebrow. "A Chitine? On the surface? Sounds like a fascinating story in there somewhere. You vouch for him, I assume?"

She nods. "Indeed. Our director was over seas, in Chult, and actually found Lommy. Raised him, infact. Lommy is a very good seamstriss, infact... although, his works often do deteriorate, if not treated. But, he earns his keep."

Silniya smiles thinly. "I've encountered a few. Not nice."

Kyrel chuckles. "Tailor, surely, not seamstress? I understood they were all male?" He nods to the werewolf. "No, they're not supposed to be, if they're under Drow control... but this one seems to be all right. I doubt he'd have strangled anyone in any event."

A shake of The Mill's head. "No, the Drow don't much care for them, actually. They were a failed project... got out into the Underdark wild, and bred. Now they're much like coyotes, down there. And, you're right; he pretty much stays out of everyone's business, but a good stagehand none the less. Being able to scale the walls and ceilings help, too."

Kyrel says, "Ah... that wasn't in the books I'd read. Mentioned that the Drow had bred them, not that they'd gotten away. Feral colonies of the creatures would not be a pleasant encounter, I suspect."

"Indeed. The fact that most of them are find favor with Lolth, not very good houseguests, either." Her expression changes, with the subject. "So, I hope your meeting here was helpfull."

"All right!" Calls a burly looking woman, walking back on stage, "Everyone, break's over!"

Kyrel says, "I think it was. I'm just not sure in what way yet."

The Mill smiles sweetly. "You'll find, Kyrel, that everything in life is like that."

Kyrel chuckles as he leads the way back out of the theatre. "A very interesting lady..."

Kyrel waits until he's back outside to check with Elucreh. "Chitine, in case you're unaware, are an odd breed... something the Drow did at one point, though I hadn't known they'd lost control of the experiment. Sort of a four-armed cross between a spider and a halfling."

Silniya looks over her shoulder. "It would seem so..." After Kyrel's explination, Elucreh's voice flows in a soft chuckle. "And here I thought halflings stole well with just two hands."

Kyrel snorts. "Just the ones who mix with us big folk. No, as far as I know they're not an _actual_ cross with halflings - but they're about that size. Around 4 foot tall. The arms have an extra joint, too."

Silniya rubs her arm. "They make webs, too, and can harden areas of it into jagged edges and spikes. Nasty things. Like kobolds with silk."

Kyrel says, "Ah. Must have been what she meant about his work deteriorating if not treated."

She nods. "They've got oily bodies, and this orafice in their stomach where the silk comes out. I had some time to examine one of them. So, now what?" Silniya grins a little, "Wait a bit, and perhaps show Leris some of this... back alley treatment?"

Kyrel chuckles. "Not right away, perhaps. Unless you think there's more to it, Eculreh?"

Kyrel says, "I'm getting the impression that he was trying to imply that the guilty party is one of the theatre folk."

"I'm sure there's more to it," Elucreh agreed.

"Well," Silniya pipes up, "He's too cocky. He does need to be scared."

Kyrel says, "He wasn't scared of you? I thought he was just being a good actor and not letting on."

A shake of her head. "He knew we wouldn't touch him. If he was, he would've looked for help. He wasn't concerned."

"He was testing you, aswell," Elucreh adds.

Kyrel says, "Hmm. I guess I'll have to work on my reputation... what good is being a powerful wizard if everyone's convinced you won't turn them into frogs?"

Kiri chirps.

SIlniya's grin is obvious. "Well, you Are an illusionist, Kyrel."

Kyrel snickers at his familiar's comment. "No, I don't think they're worried that I'll change them into bats, either, even if I do like them." He idly strokes Kiri, thinking about what to do next. "Ah, but how many of them know that? And I do have other spells at my disposal. I was considering leaving in a puff of smoke, actually. Teleporting out, instead of walking... good thing I didn't, though. Would have missed that last bit of conversation."

"And, that smoke doesn't taste too good," Silniya offers.

Elucreh calls out, "Well, I still think that there's more to this, and much to Leris. Of course he's going in, but a nice confession would wrap things up."

Kyrel says, "Picky, picky... It's still a good spell to use if you're in serious trouble. And it's quite dramatic when you want to make a point."

Silniya nods. "True. Or just dissolve into spell-lights."