Rosalie and Silniya move cautiously back to the others. Milanali gazes towards the tree, considering a moment. "Father said he would be in there... waiting... Until it was time. Hiding from the angry forest, right under its' nose."

Rosalie looks at the druid. "How were you going to call him out, when it was safe?"

After a moment, Milanali dips her head. "I was waiting for his summons... He wiMilanalid for the pieces of others. They helped Brother Decay..."

Derleth looks bemused, and then he understands. "The folks she captured."

Rosalie turns to look at the others, confused. Her arrow is still nocked, loosely held and pointing at the ground. "But ... pieces?"

Derleth looks wryly at Rose. "She was busy pulling out hearts and stuff when we came upon her, remember?"

Rosalie ahs, looking slightly green. "Right. Hearts. Kidneys. Livers. I think we left those ... behind." She turns to look thoughtfully at the hole. "So ... how do we summon this father?"

Kyrel shudders, and Kiri nuzzles his cheek in a comforting fashion. "Ghastly... but..." He drifts into a reverie for a moment.

Derleth looks distastefully at the tree. "Ky, I don't suppose you have a dig spell, or anything?"

Milanali giggles. "Knock and walk in? Father will offer warm welcome," The wintery elf says, but she doesn't believe what she says, judging by the tone.

Kyrel nods to himself. "It fits. This sort of thing is a branch of necromancy. Mana can be drawn from suffering... it's not considered ethical, though, to put it mildly."

Rosalie sighs. "So ... without necromancy ... how do we call him?"

"Father's very busy," the druid informs. "If he's not home, he's likely... gone."

Kyrel snorts. "A warm welcome, eh? Fireballs?"

Rosalie looks down the hill at the hole in the ground. "Gone, sister dear?"

Milanali nods. "Yes. To see the... Unseelie."

Kyrel says, "Then we wait."

Derleth grunts. "But of course."

Rosalie looks impatient. "How long do we wait? He could be gone for ... For a long time! What if he only plans on returning when Milla calls him?" She glares down at the hole. "I say we go down the hole to explore. I could go; alone. Derleth, if no one else, will know if I've envountered trouble ..."

Silniya glancse back at Rose, looking nervous. "You sure you should go in solely?"

Rosalie shakes her head at Silniya. "Sure? No. But ... I can move quickly, and quietly ... Whomever goes: we need at least one person capable of checking for traps. And of us all ... I can communicate with Derleth, even if the method is crude."

Derleth chuckles wryly. "Indirectly, I suppose...but on the off hand, I'd have to agree. If there's something we can do, we should do it." he glances at Sil. "She's not going in with sword unfurled. She's the sneakiest one. And if someone went with her, it could negate that advantage."

Kyrel says, "I suspect we should stay together... but yes, Rosalie could certainly lead off. Maybe Kiri could go along to keep us in touch?"

Kiri squeaks. He's not exactly excited about the prospect.

Rosalie looks at her hands, and then quickly puts the bow away. She keeps the protection glove on her hand, and debates between short sword and smokestick ... But in the circumstances, better to keep a sap handy and the smokestick lit. She turns to Kyrel. "The druid should ... not go down, I think. Who stays with her?"

Derleth purses his lips. "I'll stay."

Kyrel says, "And Sil. I'll follow you, Rosalie, but far enough back that I don't give you away. Fair enough?"

Rosalie nods and grins. "If I call out, assume there's trouble ..." She leaves her pack with Silniya and Derleth, preferring to travel light, then heads back down to the hole, waiting at its edge for Kyrel to catch up.

Silniya watches Milanali warily, the druidess seeming entranced, looking around a few moments.

Kyrel follows right behind Rosalie and waits at the edge of the hole.. "Just give Kiri a sign when you think you're far enough in."

Rosalie takes a deep breath, centering herself for a moment, before lowering herself into the hole. As she crouches down, she looks down the tunnel, her body stilling until she becomes all but invisible in the shadows.

Just beside the tree, the water of the Unicorn Run laps along the thin bank. Darkness greets Rosalie, but it's not impenatrable by her sight. Nothing bares itself to her vision, however.

After pausing to sniff the air, Rosalie carefully moves down the tunnel.

Further Rose crawls, until the burrowed tunnel widens into what Could be called a chamber. No more then five feet in dimensions. Tree-roots dangle down like pillars, like some pedestal, they hold a book. However, she notices something. Symbols, oh so cunningly etched into the walls of this little hole, the indentions of faces nearly present in the earth around her. A trap. What kind of trap?

Derleth's fingers twitch. He glances at Silniya. "Do you think a dweomer to detect evil would do any good? As say, an early warning system, in case the fellow does come back?"

Rosalie pauses in the entrance way, and turns to look back down the tunnel. Assuming Kiri is there, she makes a 'Come on down' gesture. Then she turns back to look at the trap, her hands itching. There's something about it ...

"If he comes back," Milanali interrupts Silniya's first words, "You will know before you see. Father isn't one to miss."

Kiri squeaks, and carefully weaves down the tunnel. He lands on Rose's back, sniffing the stale, dirty air.

Derleth shakes his head. "That doesn't make me feel any better about it."

Kyrel nods as his familiar summons him, and starts down the tunnel. Soon enough he catches up, and peers at the runes and symbols.

"Can you make anything of them, Kyrel?", Rosalie whispers.

The symbols are interwoven, but make snaking, coiling glyphs. Even the roots, after some inspection, have the same ones drawn. After some mussing, Rosalie recalls the training she recieved about magical traps. Many of the wards scream 'Conjuring'.

Kyrel pulls out his magicked torch a few steps into the tunnel, and inspects the runes. "Conjuration. Let's see...."

Derleth loads his crossbow with one of his few remaining blessed bolts, eyeing the surroundings. He wonders what will happen after this. After the 'Father' is destroyed, hopefully. The scythe is out of their hands...and that fullfills Sessis's request. But it doesn't make him feel any better about it. About being minions of a dragon, who is clearly not aligned with good, but with her own interests.

Outside, the wind picks up heavily. A sharp gust whips around the three of them, before it swirls about Milanali's head, sounds hissing like autumn gusts through dead leaves and sand. Her eyes widen. "He's ready..."

Derleth's head whips to look at the druidess. "Ready? Ready for what?"

Kyrel finds that the glyphs speak of summoning some type of tentacles. The half-imprinted faces in the walls are wrapped in the symbols; an interwoven spelltrap. There's something, something underneath this spell... but what, the wizard can't tell. The book's cover gleams in its' position on the roots.

Rosalie sighs, looking the room over again in the torchlight. Then she turns to look at Kyrel over her shoulder. "I'm going to try to disarm this trap. Stand back a little, and watch my back?"

"The ritual," Milanali says in little more then a whisper. "It will take him some time, many hours... but the task... He wants me to come, watch him be younger, protect him, while he is defenseless..."

Kyrel says, "Tentacles. Probably the roots. This is .... not encouraging."

Rosalie nods. "I don't like the roots. But that book ... intrigues me."

Kyrel frowns. "Indeed. I don't trust it."

Kyrel says, "But I'll step back and let you work. And hopefully get you out if something goes wrong."

Rosalie smiles. "Thanks for the vote of confidence." She turns back to the room, pondering the best place to begin unraveling the trap.

"Would you like me to tell him we're coming?" Milanali asks helpfully.

Derleth looks at Sil. "Well now. Defenseless. That sounds like the perfect time to attack him." he comments with grim amusement.

Derleth erfs at Milinali. "No, thank you. I'm sure he likes surprises."

Rosalie removes a dagger carefully from her boot, and inspects the area carefully. Then she moves close, and draws a scratch along some of the wards and glyphs, carefully. This is a dangerous work, a wrong tick and something much worse can come from the dispursed magic. It takes her atleast two minutes, but nothing comes after her.

"He's likely not as defenseless as we think," Silniya says grudgingly. "Well, then, should I tell him I'm coming? He has called me..." The druidess informs.

Shrugging fatalistically, Rosalie moves into the room. This is the moment every rogue fears: is the trap disarmed, or will nasty purple tentacles come out and grab her?

Nothing.

Rosalie moves another step closer to the book on its pedestal and then halts, carefully searching the pedestal and book for traps. Or clues as to what it is.

Derleth shakes his head. "No, you shouldn't tell him. You're not coming, after all." he says matter-of-factly.

After Rose's searching, she notices something. No trap persists, but... the symbols on the roots of the tree. They're not like those on the walls.

"I'm not?" the wintery elf questions, looking curiously down at Derleth.

Kyrel moves a little closer now that Rosalie has disarmed the first layer of traps. "So far, so good..."

Rosalie nods, pointing out the symbols on the tree roots. "These are ... different, though."

Derleth keeps a close eye on the druidess, then, to make sure she goes nowhere.

Silniya pauses a second, looking more critically at Milanali. "Have you drawn your spells this morning?" "Yes," She says, peering curiously back. Sil gives a nervous glance to Derleth.

The runes look... close to necromancy. Or atleast, the hints of it. Much like a cake with chocolate icing, the energy of death has its' signs clinging here and there to the runes etched into those dangling pillars of ancient wood.

Kyrel says, "Necromancy of some sort. I don't recognize it, though. That'd fit with what the druid said, though... pain magic..."

Rosalie nods, then turns to look at the book, searching the cover for clues.

It's hardbound, a thick sheen of grime covering the otherwise metalic surface.

Silniya glances back to the hole, before frowning. She stares harder. "I don't like the looks of that."

Derleth arches a brow. "What?" He tries to make out what she's seeing.

Rosalie hmmms, then begins to mumble under her breath. Soon a floating disk appears beside her. She looks at it a moment, then smiles. More chanting follows, as she points a finger at the book, willing it to move onto the disk.

Kyrel twitches an eyebrow. "This is a talent you haven't mentioned before..."

The disk has to shrink to form inside the little room. But as she pulls it free, it lands upon the disk harmlessly. Silniya points, as some of the tree limbs shiver. Old wood groans. Something drips on the top of Rose's head.

Kyrel says, "Something's happening. Let's move."

Rosalie smiles apologetically. "Sometimes touching items is ... counterindicated." She nods, turning on her heels, and heading for the entrance.

Derleth taps his crossbow, his eyes dark. "You know, it's tempting to fry that tree..."

The tunnel quivers, as a root lancing through the earth, blocking the tunnel's opening; one would have to squirm past it. A blob of black, sticky liquid falls onto Rose's cheek, stinking of the once-sweet smell of sap. Tree limbs begin to move more blatantly, now. However, another sight has caught those outside the tree; a good ten paces from the tree, on either side, the earth begins to churn, lumps in the ground beginning to pull upwards, growing steadily.

Kyrel says, "Indeed. But I didn't know you knew the Art." He stays with Rosalie, and sends Kiri ahead to make sure there are no problems waiting for them.

Derleth hisses. "Fuck. Tell me those aren't elementals..."

Rosalie hisses at the root, and pushes past it, one eye on the disk behind her. If all else fails, she'll grab the book - in her left hand - and run. "Another time< kyrel. I don't like this."

"They're not," Milanali says. "They're tainted." And it is true; splotches of glowing green blaze in cracks as those juts of rock and dirt begin to pull up forward. Grass and plants caught in their upswell wither from the bodies, as they take form.

Silniya swears, and moves towards the tree as it shudders still. Milanali still sits, watching with an unchanged expression.

Kyrel follows behind Rosalie, crawling up through the narrow end of the tunnel. He has the lightning wand ready, nervous about the tree's reaction to moving the book.

Rosalie crawls as fast as she can, one eye still on the book following behind her. The sooner she's out of this tunnel, the happier she'll be.

Derleth wishes for the flail given him by the high priestess, now...he knows his flail is not enchanted enough to take on elementals. He raises his crossbow as they shamble forward and Sil goes to meet them. He lets fly a bolt as he ponders the best thing to do...

The bolt streaks in, and glances off one of the rock and soil monstrocities. They are starting to center around the hole, but Silniya comes in on one of them from behind. It sees her coming, turning; the woman has to halt just beyond its' reach, waiting to get a chance to move in for a strike.

The elemental seems to consider Silniya a moment. Those fists start to churn, a greenish grey liquid trickling from the dampened earth, before it leans inward, and simply punches her. It nearly sends the woman reeling, earning a crying pain as a hissing sound comes off her clothes. "They are tainted," She grunts. Another seems to have noticed the trouble, and moves around toward Silniya.

The roots snap out at Kyrel after his boots, and nearly get a hold on the wizard's shoes, tugging back. However, through some good kicking and tugging, he frees his legs.

Kyrel says, "This is not a place to be, Rosalie. The roots are trying to grab me."

Rosalie grunts, as she pushes forward. "This is not the time to be ... buried alive."

Kiri squeaks in agreement. The mage grunts. "I can't think of a good time for it."

Kyrel pauses for a moment and fires the lightning wand down the tunnel the way they've come, hoping to kill any more of the questing roots.

As they draw up, the bolt of lightning blazes down the tunnel, wood blasting apart. The earthen tunnel rumbles, tree above groaning in protest.

Rosalie keeps crawling, as fast as she can, using her strength to rip roots out of the way. Perhaps that way there will be a bigger passage for Kyrel, behind her.

Milanali stares on, before sliding off from her horse, and walking towards the battle.

Derleth grimaces. One elemental is bad enough, two will make things hard for Sil alone. And his spells may be a of little aid against them. So he decides to take a chance. "Lady Bright, infuse me with your strength that I may smite these foul creatures..." he mutters under his breath, and as he chants the words of power, he feels himself grow stronger, more able, as he is temporarily invested with but a minute portion of Lliara's glory...

Derleth, therefore, doesn't notice the druidess approaching behind him...

Milanali has a spell on her lips, softly singing as she sprints in. Her feet sink into the dirt like she were hopping through snow. SIlniya, distracted with the oncoming earthen brutes, doesn't notice the druid until she lays a hand on the ranger's arm. Ground parts beneath both pairs of feet, swallowing them up in a hole that soon closes. A rocky bully moves over the spot, reaching down and sinking an appendage into the ground, before it is violently repelled, swaying backwards and falling on its' back.

Two has taken notice to Derleth, and moving toward him, while the first picks itself off the ground, flanking the burrow's opening.

Rosalie explodes out of the tunnel, using the muscles in her legs to propel herself up as she quickly takes in the battlefield. _Silniya's missing ... And where's Milanali?_ Faced with the elementals in front of her, she hisses, and then takes a deep breath. It's time to freeze this earth into tundra!

Derleth gapes. What just happened? He knows nothing of Druid spells...and therefore does not know if that was a spell for good, or ill. "Silniya!" he calls out, before he realizes that the elemental brings the battle to him...

Rose, pointing her head straight upward, exhales into a frosty cloud that catches one behemoth fully in the icy wind. The second crumples, turned to dirt to pool at the ground briefly, having missed a brunt of the blow. It then slowly draws up to its' fullness.

Derleth growls in frustration. "Elementals here, elementals there...this isn't my day." But he draws his flail and attacks the nearest behemoth with a shout...

Derleth, imbued with the strenght and vigor of the Divine touch swings his flail in, hitting the earthen creature and sending splinters into its' surface, cracking rock and sending some falling to the ground beneath. It doesn't look phased, but a chunk has been lost. Veins of grayish bleak liquid pulses in the wound.

Derleth looks suprised for a second. _Lady Bright, maybe I have a shot at felling these thigns after all..._

Kyrel scrambles out of the tunnel as soon as Rosalie is out of his way, Kiri spiraling up from his shoulder, happy to be out of the tunnel. The elementals are an unwelcome surprise, but he fires off another bolt from the wand at the one nearest to him.

The one which had partially dodged the frost takes the lightning straight into its' bulk. The earth glows partially, a stone melting in the heat of the bolt. It seems that that stroke of electricity was swallowed inside the thing entirely.

Not far from Rose, the ground itself simply splits, a very angry, very beastial sword-wielding lycanthrope emerges. A survey of the situation, before her eyes turn back towards the elementals and Derleth. Both have their backs to her, and thus, she charges in sprinting leaps.

Derleth looks momentarily stunned as Sil re-emerges.

Arcane-glyphed steel spears into rock and soil as Silniya's weapon cleaves it cleanly, her momentum driving deep before the weapon is yanked free. The elemental turns to her, drawing into a rockslide of sweeping pillars.

The first cracks into the top of her shoulder, driving the swordwoman to her knees, but she luckily moves out of the way before the second kicks up turf. However, its' twin launches itself onto Derleth.

Apparently, with great strenght, so to was Derleth imbued with a touch of luck; he weaves and moves out of the way.

Derleth takes a deep breath as he brings his weapons to bear again. "That will teach me not to get distracted..." he murmurs...

Kyrel is, for the moment, not threatened in his hole, while Rose recieves two of the element-spirits on either side. She's able to duck and weave out of the way, before one clocks her cleanly in the side, and it nearly knocks her down. The strike stings and burns.

Kyrel takes stock of the battlefield and picks out the two elementals that appear the most damaged. "Right... " He murmurs the harsh syllables that generate the magic missile, sending the bolts at two of the damaged creatures.

The one Derleth and Sil are facing takes the worst of the damage, debris falling and cracking off it; the thing lookes like a wittled, weathered tower. The other, near Rosalie, recieves less of the assault but still isn't too healthy.

Rosalie notices that Derleth and Silniya are working well together, on the other elementals, and turns to concentrate on her own problems. _I like that shield spell ... it makes the sting so much less painful._ She pulls out her short sword, hoping to slice the elemental into pieces of peat.

The sword scrapes across a rocky crag, turned aside into a glancing strike.

Where Silniya had risen from the ground, Milanali still crouches, her words quiet, a soft whisper into the rocks held in either of her hands. Head lifting up, vision focuses on the one still threatening Derleth and Silniya, one unhindered and unharmed. The words rise, a song of speed and fury, as arms spread, before she slams fists together, sparks flying from those stones' collision. The elemental jerks, as if struck by a charging bull, before beginning to quiver. The rocks within it turn red hot, before actually bursting into flames, rippling along its' body before drawing inward. The tower of earth smolders.

Derleth flashes a relieved grin at Sil, and then does a double take at the druidess's actions.

Derleth jerks his chin, quietly telling Sil to take on the flaming one...the first he was hammering on he attacks, whipping his flail at it...

Derleth's moving like a warrior. He darts in, his flail first going low and when the blow lands, the elemental's leg shatters. It topples, only to fall on an upward strike of the blessed weapon which plows through it like a knife through water. The stinking remnants, a nasty odor that clings to the tainting liquid seeps into the ground. Silniya nods to Derleth, a warrior's congradulation with the tip of her sword, before she circles the other one, moving in, yet too wary of getting struck to rush in head first.

Derleth looks awfully pleased with himself. _Thank you, Lliara._ he prays, before moving to Silniya's aid...

While the two Rose deals with has some trouble even landing a blow on the slippery woman, who's agility nearly gets the two brutes to hit eachother, things are not so on the other side of the battlefield. Watching the elemental, Sil drops to her knees as the side-swipe comes, only to line herself perfectly for the haymaker that cracks her straight on the skull, nearly spilling her to the ground in a stupor.

Kyrel finishes getting to his feet, and repeats the syllables he's just used. The bolts are lighter this time, and flash into the nearest of the elemental creatures. _Looks like Milanali is on our side for now. I hope her sanity holds..._

Wittling down like the powerful gales of the centuries onto a mountain, Kyrel's bolts break and crack and shatter along the monolith's body. It sways, and turns toward his hiding place this time.

Derleth sees Silniya reel from the blow, and he steps to her defense, whipping his flail as he lets out another war cry...

Derleth cracks and breaks, splinters the stones. It hasn't fallen, but the vile gunk housed within it are now leaking down the monolith's pillars for legs.

Rosalie growls, as Silniya falls. She swings her sword, hoping to catch a fissure and widen it, hopen to spill the earth out of the creature ...

Derleth grimaces at the filthy ichor of the tainted thing. "I hope someone can clean that up, later..." glancing back at Sil, hoping she's recovering...

While Rose's attack doesn't muster much, Sil leaps at the elemental, snarling sweeping her weapons in fury. She's hurt, and by this point, the killer instinct has kicked in. A slash splits a deep crack along a side, and while her shortsword is turned aside, she hits the spot again. An earthquake ripples up the melting rock monster, half of its' torso completely falling off, the head gone. The interior is smoking now, but still the thing keeps moving, not yet finished.

Milanali begins to sing once more, walking towards the 'healthiest' of the elementals, the one Rose has to deal with. Her hands rise, lower, then spread outward. The ground ripples at the elementals' feet, before the soil between the stones in its' body begins to bulge and churn. Outward from everywhere across it, worms, everywhere explode out from it. They crawl through the body, wiggling and pushing and parting the interior. Rocks begin to fall off everywhere as rifts widen. It can barely walk, not all together now. It struggles to even lift a worm-ridden arm at Rosalie.

All seem to get atleast some strike in. The worm-ridden one lands a vicious blow right across Rose's cheek, but while the momentum nearly takes her off her feet, the force is drawn between her and Derleth, an equal amount ripping through him. Silniya gets a plowing punch that knocks her off her feet, while the one struck by Kyrel moves closer, before nearly doubling him over as its' arm collides with his chest.

Derleth bears the pain of the spell unflinchingly, though he does seem to start looking a little peaked, taking some of the hurt from Rose...

Kyrel snarls as the elemental slams into him and fires off one more missile spell. "Die already, you spawn of decay!"

And it does just that, holes blasted right through it, before simply collapsing on itself. The one between Derleth and Silniya simply... melts. A belch of fire from the innards, before the elemental sags into slag.

Derleth takes only a second to feed his lungs, and then moves to assail the last foul elemental that beseiges Rose...

Rosalie growls her own defiance, slashing once more at the earthly elemental in front of her.

As Derleth comes in charging, the elemental leans forward, Rose's blade getting knocked under it, as the fist comes in and stops Derleth still once he rams into it.

An enormous arrow blazes in, spearheading into the rock monstrocity's middle and emptying out it's center. Barely turning, two more arrows shatter into the body, a fourth cleaving the 'head' in two as worm-infested stone and soil spills to the ground. Those black-fletched javelins stick up from the crumpled pile that was the elemental.

Derleth shakes his head, trying to scare away the birds fluttering around it. "If it isn't obvious...ow." And then he blinks as the behemoth is shattered by arrows. "Uhm...actually, that's even more ow."

Rosalie looks around, her sword in hand, wondering where those arrows came from ...

"My fifth missed," Snorts a lumbering thunderclap of a voice. It takes nearly half a minute, but the enormous minotaur, moving at a hustle, comes in with yet another tree branch of an arrow nooked. Critical eyes survey the battlefield, before a simple nod. However, his attention is rivetted on Milanali. He does not look happy.

Rosalie turns around, spotting Drox. She smiles, licking her lips, and then follows his gaze. Sighing, she moves over to stand with the druidess. "You did well, Milanali."

She simply nods her head, smiling grimly. "Thank you, sister... You're hurt." Muttering briefly, her healing touch washes over Rose's wounds. Meanwhile, Drox looks even more confused. And confusion translates into constrained anger.

Derleth chuckles wryly as he notices Rosalie's actions. _Is that all she ever thinks about..._ He ignores the flush at his cheeks as he sets abuot healing himself...

Rosalie smiles at Milanali. "Your kindness ... " She winks. "Well, shall we face the minotaur together, sister dear?"

Kyrel limps over. "A timely save, Drox. Things are not quite as they might seem." He glances at the druidess. "At least I hope they aren't..."

Silniya walks over, now human, and looking bruised and pained; she's wheezing while clutching her chest. "That... hurt," is all she can mutter.

Derleth sees to himself enough that the pain in his chest is gone...and goes to Sil's side, healing her, now...

Drox looks from Rose, to Kyrel, and back to Milanali. "She was with the Defiler," He says. Not simply a statement of fact, but an unspoken demand for information.

Rosalie nods at Drox. "She was. She no longer is." She wraps an arm around the druidess, protectively. "Sides change, sometimes. People mourn, and grieve, and regain what they've lost."

Kyrel nods. "She was also insane. We've at least partially cured her."

Rosalie eyes the book floating on its disc behind her, then concentrates on the minotaur. After all, that arrow is still nocked, and, curses, her bow is still with her other belongings.

Milanali looks back up at Drox unfalteringly, while leaning into Rose, craddling the rogue's hand. "Father hurt your mistress," She says simply. This earns a glower from the bull-headed archer.

Silniya looks pretty much back to her normal self, less sag in her stance. She smiles to Derleth, before glancing at Kyrel's wounds.

Derleth nods, gonig to Kyrel. "As always, thanks for the timely spell slinging, mage." he chuckles, laying hands on the half-elf's hurts.

Drox, after a few moments, puts the arrow back into its' quiver. He still glares at the Druid. "Yes, he did. Where is he?" Milanali shakes her head. "To the Court's door..."

Kyrel sighs in relief as his ribs reknit under the spell's influence. "No problem. Thanks."

Rosalie says, "Indeed, Derleth. And thank you, also. Your spells were ... helpful." She waits, watching Drox. "We were hoping he would be here." She points at the floating book behind her. "But we have only the one clue."

Derleth chuckles ruefully. "Just doing my duty. Though I felt like an Ilmaterian for a bit, there..."

Confusion knits the minotaur's face again, but he shakes his head, looking back to the five of them. "The Defiler's have put up more of a fight then was expected. Many have been lost; apparently, the head had gotten a few humans to set fire to certain parts of the forest. His fellows had risen as earth-raping undead. And then there's an arcane weather he's put upon us. Sessis and others came upon him. It did not fare well. She is, at the moment, recooperating."

Rosalie waits for Kyrel to speak. All the better to appreciate the minotaur's ... assets.

Milanali simply places her face into the crook of Rose's neck.

Derleth sighs. "It did not fare well...but is it dead. or do we still have to worry about it?"

"He lives." The archer says gravely.

Rosalie swears under her breath, wrapping her hand around Milanali's shoulder. "We will protect you, Milla."

Kyrel says, "Do we know where they are?"

Drox shakes his horned head. "No." Eyes critical on the white elf, "I was hoping I could find from her. Sessis's scryings have not found him. She, however, found you. And I was sent."

Kyrel nods. "We got information that led us to her, and we fought her long enough to realize what the problem was." He lowers his voice, speaking directly to the minotaur. "She's still not stable, but she's helping us at the moment. We're not trusting her completely, of course."

Kyrel says, "The one we're looking for is dealing with the Unseelie Court. We're hoping to be on hand when he returns."

"Right," Drox speaks. "He isn't coming back," Milanali says from Rose's neck. "He's begun the ritual..."

Rosalie turns to look at Milanali. "Milla; we found a book. Do you recognize it?" She lifts the druidess's head, so that Milanali can see the floating disk carrying the book. "We ... need to know what's in it."

"Father's notes," She says, drawing over to touch it. "This is his journal..." A glance towards the burrow. "He would have protected it well, here. Must have been too burdened to carry it..."

Rosalie nods, watching Milanali carefully. "Would the book itself be protected, or can we read it?"

Kyrel murmurs, "Apparently, she can touch it. We'll do it that way if we must." He starts. "He's started the ritual? What ritual? Where is he?"

"It can be read," Replies Milanali. She lifts the book, and murmurs, "Karnil." Then parts the metal cover, no ill effects showing.

Rosalie turns to look at the book, trying to read the words ...

A glance over from the druid. "Where the courts begin..." The words are in the tongue of Rose's mother, often a wizards' first language besides his own learned.

Rosalie sighs, and begins to read in earnest. "You know, Kyrel ... there might be a lot of answers here." She turns her back, regretfully, to the minotaur. Muscles are nice, but ...

Drox shakes his head. "Whatever the case, you know where he is. Or can find him," A look to the book. "There is still much I must do." Reaching into a bag at his belt, he extracts another of the crystal orbs. "When you find him, contact Sessis."

Kyrel nods. "Understood. Pity that the weapon we went to find didn't work out... but at least we got this information."

Derleth chuckles ruefully. "Count on it. We'll probably need help...like a small god, maybe."

Kyrel heads over to read over Milanali's shoulder.

"They've taken him. Taken him and hidden him somewhere in that cursed jungle. They hide among the trees, the high grass, the vines. Those uncooth savages, they believe the war is over, wittled down our men. Now, now it is more then simply military. He's been taken. They draw their power from the earth? The jungle around them? Very well. I know a way how to shut them out. Stop them. It is shunned, but we are losing; it must be done. I will tear up every acre of green life until I find him, and kill every last one of those bloodthirsty fiends." The dates are scribbled at the bottom, Rose likely having overlooked it. It's marked over ten years ago.

Rosalie turns the page, carefully, looking for more recent entries.

Kyrel puts his hand down to slow down the page-turning. "This is important. He may mention what he knows about the Blight."

Rosalie turns the page back. "Perhaps ... but it's ten years old."

_A Necromancer by the name of Ashren the Gnarled had been flung into the Unseelie Court by means of a magical battle. The dark fey took to him like wolves on a sick lamb. They tortured his body and mind. Yet, versed as he was in the ways of pain and death, he prevailed their tortures; he turned it off, essentially. So impressed were the Unseelie that they granted him a gift. A gift of Blight Magic. While there are notes of Blight Magic making it into the hands of others - Druids, Priests, and the like - This was the first documented Arcane wielder to use Blight Magic, and Ashren returned to the Prime with this power at his hands. His notes had been distributed throughout certain circles, copied into darker texts. Some sought to destroy them, others hid them away, or gave them over to infernal creatures for safe keeping._

_I used the Defilement today. After a ritual, where I drew from the earth its' nurishing powers, I collected the foul energies, and kept them. I did this in the heart of the jungle, under careful guard. When I was done, the very earth around me was bleak and drained. That should strike fear into the hearts of these ignorant savages. I feel... dirty, using the work of a Necromancer. Death magic, Negative energy, it's ugly, and wrong._ Dated three days later.

_I encountered the first small guerilla force since my ritual. Ever since the drawing of this essence, I've felt different. Like there is something under my skin, pushing outwards, wiggling, wanting free. The savages seemed enraged and terrified at the same time. And then I unleashed it. One of them was reduced to a wretching fit after the foul magics washed over him. He was soon cut down. I then crushed another with a quintet of arcane bolts. It was at its' full potential, but the energies allowed me to cast it as a simple thing, not larger then it would have. It shattered him. The spells leeched the air, set the others on their heels and they ran. But, as I had cast them, it felt so horribly good. This burning chill inside my bones fled into the Art as it left my fingers, leaving me exhilirated... But once it was gone, I felt cold. I must be careful, wary of this power. After this war, no more._

_We're beating back the savages. We've lost many men, but they've lost more. They are scared, and their morale is breaking. I've claimed an acre with my rituals, and it is getting to them. They cry as they fight. Our scouts have said they have found where many are hiding. Here's to hoping my son is there, alive._ Two weeks later.

Kyrel nods. "This is what we need. How it started." He keeps reading.

_I've loaded myself to the brim. The Blight races inside of me, swirling and churning like some possessive spirit. I've drained so much from the land, all the power I can safely take is holed up in me. I feel tense, tense like my whole body could climax, is ready to spring outward. I'm having trouble sleeping, with all of this energy pent up. But we set forth to fight, tomorrow, to seek the heart of them out. Gods protect you, Jonsan._

_They're all dead. All of them. Everyone. The savages. My unit. Jonsan. Everyone. Dead. I buried him, away from the raped land. And... all I can feel is nothing. Nothing for all this loss. I can't... cry. I can't cry for him. My flesh and blood... No more. So much this has cost me... And it is Ashren's fault._

Four months later. _I threw up blood today. My magic is faultering. It calls to me, it wants to join with my magic, make it strong again. The Blight hungers for me... I'm feeling sick without it. Maybe if I simply drain some, and leave it within, it will stop this horrible ache._

Derleth finds it difficult to read what is captured herein. It is unclean...even more than anything written by Talonites, or Talassans, or the Sharrim. But he perseveres. "If I go off somewhere, it's to puke." he informs the others.

Rosalie nods at Derleth, looking troubled.

Kyrel says, "The end... does not justify the means. This is hideous."

Two weeks later. _It wants out! Out, it wants to be free, like bottled lightning. There must be some gluttonous demon inside of me that wants to suck the life and spit it out and keep going. The longer I keep it in, my stomach twists. And then the migraines. Oh it burns. It wants to be cast, to be used. What... what have I done? My skin is turning gray. I flogged a courier because an envelope was stained; I couldn't control it. Gods help me._

_I've killed, and dealed, and worked, and scrounged, and I found more of Ashren's notes. I'm seeing things now; hearing them. Nothing paticular, but they flicker in the corner of the eye, they trick the ears. Ashren's notes bare how to stop the blight's gnawings. A few methods, yes._

A month later. _I've born a familiar. From clay, and raw ingredients, and a ritual, I've born a familiar. The notes say that this familiar can be implanted the taints and problems of the Blight. And in good time, too._

_I thought a cat was watching me. No, spying. Spying for some spellcaster; a spy for the Hunters or the Diciples of Fell. But after I examined its' eyes under a lense, I couldn't find a trace of magic. Maybe it's the bats... I hear them. I hear them in the night, how their little squeaks cry for me, cry my name, they want my blood. I've fireballed the trees outside, but still they squeak. I've even seen them amid the shadows on the ceiling. But the light, a bright light by the bed, it keeps them at bay. Yes..._

Derleth eyes Kiri. "Somehow, I seriously doubt **he'd** care for this fellow's blood."

Rosalie sighs. "So, not only is he tainted, he's also a bona fide bedlamite." She looks at Milanali, and bites her lip.

Silniya is quiet. She's read so much, but then simply... stops looking. She's moved away from the book completely.

Kyrel comforts Kiri. "He's not that kind of bat anyway. This is a progression into true insanity here. Paranoia, hallucinations..."

The druidess responds not, and simply turns the pages.

_I've found pain, pain makes the hurting go away. Others pain, my pain. The screams of others chase the bats off. No, no they come back. But they are scared, scared of others' blood. Yes... more blood. Pain stops it, pain the Blight likes, it soothes it._ The margines are smeared with dried, dark stains.

Two months later. The writing is slightly mangled. _My fingers have grown into talons. My skin, it's grey and leathery. The migraines have returned, the bats, they hunger for me more. They scream. It's getting worse. I can feel the Blight gnawing at my very being. I made an egg's insides turn black just by holding it. But I've found a cure. A partial cure, yes... A vial of holy water. Just a drought, and it makes it all go away, just a little. But it burns me so viciously, like boiling acid. The pureness of the water fighting the Blight's taint._ Written in tiny letters in the margin. _I am a wretched parasite._

Three weeks later. _Milanali. A poor little elf I found today, half buried beneath some rocks. Poor thing is madder then I am. I've taken her in, and helping her heal. She blames Life for the loss of life yet lived. She feels betrayed. I've told her Death comes to all things. This has comforted her. And so fascinated is she with the Blight - Brother Decay she calls it - and how it defiles this Sister life. She seems so taken with me, so innocent, so pure. So attractive._ Scribbled out is 'H-r p-ain will be .. .... .. reli-f. **No.** has been boldy written over it.

Derleth's eyes follow Silniya worriedly. He does not immediately move to her side, not wanting to seem smothering. But he does worry.

Rosalie hugs Milanali, close. "Do you want to read this, sister mine?"

Kyrel watches the druidess closely now, splitting his attention between her and the pages. _This is not good._

Derleth's brow creases as he reads further. _Huh. He wasn't responsible for her loss. He just took advantage._

Milanali's eyes are closed for a moment. "He loves me. He loves me, and only does things for us..." Her lip trembles a little, but she continues.

Three months later. _A cleric. Yes, how wonderful they are. A simple removal of the curse upon me has melted the problems of the most fierce corruption from me. It ripped the Blighted powers too - another ritual is in order - but it helped! Oh how it did. And within a grounds of Concecration, the migraines, they've gone... The fears, the nagging sore minds. I've found another Blight Magic wielder. A charming half-orc woman, the cleric of some god of destruction and so on. It's good to have friends._

_This must stop... I nearly killed Milanali, because I flew off the handle. I nearly killed her, because of this... this rot upon me. A sweet rot, it helps my... I must rid myself of it. But how? How can I? This cursed addiction, this gnawing it's the bats... No, not the bats. The Hunters, the Diciples... No, they hate the Blight like I do. If it wasn't for Ashren's trip... Yes! Yes, the trip. The Unseelie. They did this. They can fix it. How? How can... The notes. More notes. Must find more notes..._

Little messages have been written into the margines, all along this part of the journal. _If I die... good._ _Burn, burn, twist, burn, come back to death, burn again. They dance, they scream, the fires, they soothe._ _Bleed, blight. Go away, Blight. Die, you will go. Go away. Blood. Pain. Sing to me._

A month ago. _The High Forest. Here I must go... To drain the mighty forest. No! The Blight seeks this, yes, no, I must go here, to make it go away. Because it wants me to kill. More. To drain the body of it's life, such a rush... I just read that, and I can't believe... The High Forest. The Unseelie. They will release me. Release me from this torment. I've been reading the notes. Kill them, offer to them, yes... Drain the earth, make them proud... Offer to them a sacrifice... Come, come come. Much to die. Must prepare._

The book slightly trembles in Milanali's hands, but she keeps steady, holding it for reading.

Kyrel lets Rosalie comfort the elf, but he's still worried about her reaction to these revelations.

Milanali whispers softly, "Father is very sick. He must get better."

Rosalie bites her lip, and keeps a close eye on her sister. "Consecration seems to be in order, Derleth?"

Kyrel says, "Remove curse, remove disease, consecration... it may take several spells."

Last week. _I have the offering prepared. The spirits of two Dryads and a Sylph have been trapped within a container. To these, I will offer to the Unseelie court. They will be claimed, be taken, for whatever the dark fey want... and then I will free one... one of the beasts, the Bringers of the Blight, and they will cure me. They must. They will be in my power, for the offering. I will ask. Freedome! No longer will children and animals cower in my presence. The world withers around me; I am a leech upon it as much as it is upon me. But no longer. Yes, no longer will all be after me. Blessed be. No longer will I have to kill the spies at every door, every turn, on the street, watching me... Yes. MIlanali goes to collect components. Items to make them die. To stop them, stop those who will stop me from ending the Blight. Yes. Kill them. All of them. I must prepare for the offering. So many to stop me. The forest will be saved, when I am through._

Today? _I go now. I go to the Fey Mounds, to make the offering. I have trapped this clearing, so no one finds this book. So none know where to look, how to find the blight, because the Blight Knows I'm forsaking it. The blight wants out, wants more decay upon the earth. But, no. No, might I but I will, I won't let it. I won't let it be found, you see. I'm killing it. Yes! As I kill the tree, as I taint the earth with the Elementals, I am giving the Blight its' last. Sweet revenge upon you, foulness! You cannot read. You do not know... I will drink your last today. And then, then I will be free. Young again. Human and whole. And I'll kill everything that gets in my way. Because you, you my little decaying demon, you will be done for._

Rosalie hmmmms. "You know, for a man who was in a hurry; he wrote a lot. I wonder if he intended it as a cry for help."

Derleth shakes his head. "Maybe. I don't know. If it doesn't make a difference that I'm a cleric and not a druid."

\*\*\*Switch last two poses.

Kyrel says, "I think so. I hope so. If he fights us as we try to cure him, I'm not sure we can pull it off."

spoof Last week. _I have the offering prepared. The spirits of two Dryads and a Sylph have been trapped within a container. To these, I will offer to the Unseelie court. They will be claimed, be taken, for whatever the dark fey want... and then I will free one... one of the beasts, the Bringers of the Blight, and they will cure me. They must. They will be in my power, for the offering. I will ask. Freedome! No longer will children and animals cower in my presence. The world withers around me; I am a leech upon it as much as it is upon me. But no longer. Yes, no longer will all be after me. Blessed be. No longer will I have to kill the spies at every door, every turn, on the street, watching me... Yes. MIlanali goes to collect components. Items to make them die. To stop them, stop those who will stop me from ending the Blight. Yes. Kill them. All of them. I must prepare for the offering. So many to stop me. The forest will be saved, when I am through._

As Milanali turns the last page, a rune of silver, drawn in the form of an eye, graces the final page. Soft eldrich motes dance over the surface of the rune. The druid smiles at it, just as the mark vanishes into the pages.

Derleth blinks. "What was that?"

Milanali closes the book, and turns, offering it to Rosalie.

The druidess smiles. "Father knows, now."

Kyrel says, "That looked like clairvoyance magic, all right. So much for surprise."

Derleth growls. "Fuck. Toss the book away, quick!"

Kyrel says, "Not much point."

Derleth looks at Kyrel as if he's mad? "Hello? Arcane link? He could throw a fireball at us through the book?"

Milanali shakes her head. "Father's allready began. He can't be distracted, not now. If the circle is broken, if he unguards it, the Unseelie will be unhappy... They will seek a great price..."

Drox snorts. "Good! Then you can go and kill the wretch. You know where he is now?"

Kyrel says, "They already do. I doubt that they will honor his bargain, and even if they do we can't allow it."

Milanali looks frightened. "You're going to stop them?"

Kyrel does put the book down and leads the group away from it.

Derleth just rolls his eyes at Milinali. "No, we're going to invite him to tea and ask him for his recipie for shepherd's pie."

Kyrel says, "We have to go and watch. If he succeeds, and things work as he hopes, then there is no problem. If things go wrong, we have to be there to stop them if we can."

Silniya frowns. "I thought that if he finishes, he'll release the dark fey. If it goes wrong, he **won't**."

Kyrel says, "He's not sane any more. I don't know if his bargain will work, and even if it does we'll have to stop the creature he unleashes."

Derleth says, "Wouldn't it make the most sense just to stop the ritual, though?"

Kyrel says, "We have to interrupt him, Milanali. We might be able to cure him with our combined magicks, and we can't let him release an Unseelie here."

From the sidelines, Drox bobs his head. "That would be the best course. Have you enough spells to take him on? He's got a tactical mind and power to him. If you're not fully stocked... I know a way."

Milanali looks unsure, and confused. She peers back at the book everyone seems wary of, then back at Kyrel. "I... If Sister's men say so..."

Kyrel says, "I have most of my spells, and I can remove a curse. Do you have a consecration, Derleth?"

Derleth shakes his head. "I had not thought of it. I am sorry."

Kyrel glances at Drox. "What way is this?"

The minotaur glances back and forth. "There is a spring, well hidden from any outsiders; not many within the forest know of it. The waters there are blessed. If you bathe in the waters, you will be rejiuvinated; refreshed as if you had rested a full day. As I understand, this would allow you to re-prepare. Then again, magic is not my strongpoint." He snorts amusedly.

Rosalie grins at Droxz. "Yeah. You have other ... strongpoints." She looks at Derleth. "Would it help?"

Derleth looks doubtful. "It might. I'm not sure how strict Lliara is on matter of replenishing spells."

Kyrel says, "We don't have much time. How close is it?"

Silniya regards Drox curiously, her head cocking. "I've never heard of such a place..." "Yes, it's kept quiet about." The minotaur turns back to Kyrel. "It is not too far. Get your horses, and follow me."

Kyrel says, "If it's nearby, we can find out, Derleth. Let's go."

Derleth moves to Platinum's side. "No arguments here."

Rosalie helps Milanali to her horse. "Let's be off then, sister. You and I have strategies to discuss, if we're going to help Father."

Milanali looks over to Rosalie. "I will... not ... hurt Father. But I will protect you, Sister. And yours..." She glances around, "I have blessings for all."

Derleth doesn't comment. He doesn't hate the druidess...but he doesn't trust her either.

Rosalie nods at Milanali. "He needs healing, Milla. Consecration. Blessings. Those ... will not hurt him, remember?"

Milanali shakes her head. "I have things for... for you, sister," She says. "Help." A smile.

Everyone mounts up, and rides after Drox. For a nine foot tall hulk, when the bull gets moving, he is like the wind. Those metal horseshoes shod onto hooves earn an unearthly speed, agility almost unnatural aids the horned one in dodging trees in his breakneck charge. It is not long at the current pace. Thirty minutes seem to pass, before Drox leads all into a valley, and stands before a large boulder wedged against a hill. He stomps a massive leg twice. A rocky face bulges from the huge stone's front, to watch as the minotaur bares a signia from within his cloak. The face melts back in, before the boulder's middle parts like a curtain, exposing a cave's mouth to all.

Rosalie raises an eyebrow, and looks at Kyrel. Then she looks, carefully, for obvious traps, before urging her horse forward.

Silniya is quiet in her question, directed to Kyrel. "Where did the book say he was going?"

Kyrel says, "The Fey Mounds."

Drox waits beside the cave's mouth, giving a look over Rose from her horseback. He smirks slightly. "Here's to hoping he doesn't slay you."

Silniya gives a nod, recollection dawning on her face. "I know the place. I can take us there, without the archer watching us." She slides from her horse, and walks towards the cave mouth.

Rosalie smiles at Drox. "Well, if he does ... try, that is, life might become a little more exciting." She watches Silniya stride forward, and slides off her own horse. "Watch the horses, won't you?"

Silniya simply gives a nod, and also takes that to mean watching Milanali.

Derleth dismounts, looking into the cave apprehensively.

Kyrel swings down from his saddle and follows. "Not easy to find - and not easy to get to even if you know where it is."

The cave looks rather clean, and not too deep into the hill beyond. Five feet beyond the boulder plunges into water which not only appears clear as the air, but nearly shines in radiance.

Derleth looks ruefully at Kyrel. "Oh well. I need a bath anyway. Hope the water's not too cold." He looks for a way down.

There is a gentle slope into the pool, as opposed to stairs.

Kyrel says, "Around that way, I think. Shall we?"

Afterwards, Derleth's mind is unnaturally clear, and he feels the comforting radiance of his goddess as she once more grants his spells. Perhaps it is because he's chosen, this time, not to burden himself with the weight of a slaying spell. He thanks his Lady silently, and waits for Kyrel to finish with his books.

Kyrel feels amazingly refreshed after a drink, and immediately starts working with his spells. He glances up at Silniya after a few minutes work. "How far are these mounds?"

Silniya raises a finger to silence him. "You have time to study. We can get there sooner if you decide to do that on horseback, but we can't go too fast during. Do you have a spell memorized to dispel other magics, Kyrel?"

Kyrel frowns. "No, I don't. Good thinking, Sil. I'll switch them for Flight."

Rosalie looks thoughtful. "I still have that invisibility potion you gave me, Kyrel. Should I use it to try to reach the man from behind? It should give me one free attack, right?"

Kyrel says, "If I don't have a chance to cast it before we get there, sure."

Silniya glances over. "Or at the very least, sneak over and deal with the circle if he comes after us?"

Rosalie nods slowly. "How do I deal with the circle?"

Kyrel says, "There will be power points on it - key symbols that control the magic. If you damage those glyphs, it will collapse. You'll probably have to get at least three of them if it's a powerful enough circle to hold an Unseelie."

Rosalie nods ... "Will damaging them cause the potion to wear off?"

Derleth holds up his hands. "Don't look at me. It's not an attack, but..."

Kyrel says, "It shouldn't. Only direct attacks disrupt the spell."

Silniya draws back to Rose. "Could you take care of Drox for us?"

Derleth groans. "Don't give her any ideas."

Rosalie nods. "Right." She checks her equipment, and pulls up her boots, calling on every bit of magical aid to keep her undetected that she has available. Then she turns to Silniya. "Take care of Drox?" She licks her lips. "Certainly. How long?"

Derleth blushes in spite of himself. "I knew she'd say that." he grumbles.

A teasing grin from the ranger. "Make him go away, so we can get to the spot unfollowed?"

Rosalie hmmms. "How will I find you again, after he's ready to nap?"

Rosalie turns to look for Drox, a happy smile on her face. Such very nice thews. Such an adorable bow. _Maybe he'll lend me his bow ..._

Silniya arches a brow. "I was suggesting you shoo him but..." She smirks. Her tone grows quiet. "Ride hard northeast, you'll see a giant tree. Once you are close enough to hit it with an arrow, you take a sharp turn east, and you should find us by that point.

Drox waits patiently not far off, though he does note Rosalie's look. His head tips slightly, a return of her expression.

Rosalie nods, taking careful note of the directions. Then she turns, and smiles invitingly at Drox. "Say ..."

The hulk draws forward. "Yes?"

Rosalie licks her lips. "The others need some time alone. Would you like to ... entertain me?" She swings her hips a little, in a blatant ... suggestion.

"I have not refreshed, yet." He says simply, before tilting his head, eyes drifting to the cave opening. "Nor have you. I'm sure you could use a good bout of rejuvination?"

Rosalie grins. "Right. Last one in the pool is a rotten egg?" She swings off her cloak, as she heads back down the tunnel. Shortly thereafter a pile of clothes grow by the pool, and a loud splash suggests she's in the water.

The others, as soon as the minotaur's horns disappear into the cave's opening, mount up and ride off. They certainly don't take too long; Rosalie must be given time to catch up, and Kyrel has to study still. With Silniya directing, they arrive on a slight out-cropping, not too far from a tree the side if a wizard's tower, nearly as thick around as two ogres are wide. Here they wait for Rosalie.

Rosalie eventually comes riding up to join the party, a wide happy smirk stuck on her face. She winks at Milanali, and grins at Silniya. "What a delightful spring. I hope someday you ... have the chance to enjoy its powers, too. With Derleth, I'm sure." She pats her pouch. "How far are we from combat? He sent a few gifts along ..."

Silniya chuckles. "Speaking of which. We're an hour's ride from the place. Now would be a good time to begin layering on spells with long durations. That way we don't come across what happened... before."

Kyrel nods.

Rosalie nods, turning to Milanali. "You said you had aid to offer; what can you do?" She offers a quick hug. "Information, you see, is power."

Derleth wisely doesn't comment on other uses of the pool. He does blush, though.

The druidess smiles warmly to Rosalie, and lifts her fingers, brushing the woman's mouth. "Sister has a feral side," the druid whispers, her eyes large. "I can make them... more dangerous... Hurt things they couldn't."

Rosalie nods, biting her lip. "Even when I use my bow? Or short sword?" She looks torn for a moment. "I don't like my feral side, Milla. I am ... not proud of it."

"Sometimes, we have to embrace part of ourselves, to do what we must," She replies pointedly. A look to Silniya. "She does."

Rosalie hugs Milla. "Point taken. As mother said, sometimes a claw is sharper than a serpent's toothpick."

A nod from Milla. "Right. Which would you like, sister? Your tooth or claw?"

Rosalie hmmmms. "Tooth. I can aim better that way ..."

Rosalie says, "But wouldn't this aid serve Silniya better?"

This the druid considers. "It could... But you will try to... help another way. Father may call his unseen hound. Or... or his smaller half." She shakes her head. "He'll guard the circle."

Rosalie nods. "Will they be able to see me? This potion should render me invisible."

Kyrel looks up. "Save the potion, Rosalie. I've got a spell to turn you invisible."

Rosalie hmmmmms.

Rosalie says, "Pity no one else could backstab him ..."

"The hound will... The smaller half will not." She nods curtly. Lifting her hands, Milanali begins to sing, soothing, soft, while carressing along Rosalie's lips. Rose's teeth feel... funny. And as she breathes normally, her mouth feels... cold? "Your bite is frigid now, sister," She informs. Then smiles. "I can make your skin harder, too... Or would you prefer one of them recieves that?"

Rosalie looks thoughtful. "Milla. Would you be willing and able to help break the circle?"

Milanali looks hesitant. "Father... could be mad..."

Rosalie looks at Silniya. "And if not ... swordsister, can I call on you? As I understand it, we have two primary missions; disrupting the circle, and healing Father. And two can disrupt better than one ..." She turns back to Milla. "Sometimes people get mad, when they don't understand. But ... we want to help him."

Derleth seems to be lost in thought. Then his flail glows with holy light, and it seems he was not thinking, but casting a spell. "There. If he summons more elementals, I will be ready." he comments to himself.

Kyrel stretches and puts his books away. "I'm ready. Let's go."

Milanali swallows. "I... will try." She removes a bracelet holding some charms, before handing them to Rose. "Use these. I can make fire not hurt, and toughen someone's skin? Who should get that, sister?"

Rosalie looks around. "Silniya? Who would you suggest? I'm not sure what's going to happen next ..."

Silniya thumbs to Kyrel. "He's the least defended of us."

Rosalie grins. "Good point. Kyrel; I have a belt of shielding; would that help?"

Derleth casts a second spell, as before, to protect himself from spells that would bind him. Then he moves to Rose's side, indicating the platinum ring. "As before, Rose?" he comments wryly.

Kyrel says, "Wouldn't hurt. Hopefully I won't get close enough to need it, but..."

Rosalie smiles, unbuckling her belt and handing it to Kyrel. "All yours." She eyes the bracelet. "How many healing potions do you have, Cleric ..."

Milanali shakes her head to Rose. "Keep it?" She draws over towards Kyrel. Silniya looks back. "Derleth? Might it be better to do that with Kyrel? He's going to be flying everywhere; you can't reach him. Remember what happened last time."

Derleth hmmms. "Point well taken." he grins wryly. "But I'll not be one to take a ring from a lady without her permission."

Kyrel puts the belt on, testing the increased toughness. "Let's get ready. We need to go in before it's too late."

Derleth sorts through his things at the query. "Unfortunately, none. I've not had a chance any time recently to make more."

Milanali draws her horse over to a tree, and lays her hand upon it. Whispering quietly to the oak, its' bark begins to shudder, before appearing simply weaker. She then moves back to Kyrel. Touching his shoulder, the toughness of the oak flows through him; he can feel skin growing harder.

Kyrel says, "Danke, milady."

Rosalie hands over the platinum ring, and rummages through her backpack, pulling out three healing potions. "They'll only heal moderate wounds, Der, but I always get distracted in the heat of battle."

Milanali begins to chant, carressing Kyrel's shoulders, then his arms. Those hands feel hot, scalding almost, before they feel normal; a brief ripple goes across the elf's skin. "Fire will not burdan you much, now."

Derleth hands the ring to Kyrel. "Here. Try not not draw too much fire. I don't mind sharing the pain of another, but it's very disconcerting." he jokes.

Rosalie chuckles at Derleth's comment. "But very ... freeing, for your partner."

Derleth says, "I'll take your word for it. "

Milanali also moves over to Silniya, and while the swordswoman seems hesitant, still the Druidess touches her wrist.

Rosalie looks around. "Well, who will go invisible with me?"

Milanali looks hesitant. "I will...?"

Rosalie nods at Kyrel. "If you will take care of her, I have this." She holds up a vial. "Between the two of us we should be able to disrupt the circle."

Kyrel says, "I've got two. Hold still... " He casts the first spell, letting Rosalie take the first one... as she fades from sight, he turns his attention to the druid and repeats the words. "Good luck."

Silniya nods. "Then, let's get there. Follow me." She takes to her horse, and the magically instilled five set the trail onward.

They arrive, Silniya suggesting they rein the horses farther back, and walk the rest of the way. The area exposed is a grand strip of treeless land. At first it is just grass, but then it breaks into dirt, rising in small hills. The air almost sings with magic, with the unearthly presence of something, a crossroads between worlds. However, the mystical feel of the landscape, of the mounds themselves, is broken. In the center of the field is a cloaked individual sitting cross legged, most of his back to the five. A glow is just blaring from the area, but even moreso, around it the air ripples now and then, suggesting the presence of Something Else. Which is obvious; corpses of various things, from fey guardians to an elf lay around the ring, always sprawled backwards. Sticking like a sore up from the earth is a gnarled staff, its' top gripping a reddish gold crystal that pulses.

Rosalie slides off her horse, and action which would be more obvious if she was visible. As it is, the horse's reins magically release, now lying on the saddle. She looks at the rest of the party, and then contemplates the cloaked individual. Her hand slips into her pouch; as soon as she goes into action, that potion of haste is going to be consumed.

Derleth has a small, brief wish, that he'd asked Lliara for a spell to animate the dead. It would be fitting for the blight mage to fall at the hands of those it killed. But only a brief wish.

Milanali briefly lets loose a bout of chanting, before she calls out quietly, "Sister? How do I follow you?"

Rosalie turns aside for a moment, looking for her sister dear. "Don't follow me; we must disrupt the circle. If you go straight, I will go around." Then she gulps down the potion, and speeds around the circle, her steps sure, quiet, and much faster than usual.

Derleth nods to his compatriots, and then scurries off to the right after tethering Platinum. He's wearing metal armor, unlike the others, so he's the least likely to make it too far without being heard. A spell comes to mind as he makes his way, and he smiles, feeling it is ironically appropriate.

Silniya disengages and draws past, going the opposite direction as Derleth. She slowly changes into her hybrid form, pulling her swords free.

Kyrel drifts off to the left, skimming the ground to stay concealed as long as possible but avoiding traps and mud.

Rose runs full tilter at the circle, and about fifteen or so feet from its' circle, the air seems to stop her. Quite violently. Like some wall had become invisible. This is apparently what had stopped those bodies ringing the cloaked one. She slams face first, and is thrown backwards by a magical discharge, beginning to see stars. This certainly earns a stir from the cloaked figure, who stands, and turns around.

The head within the cloak's hood at first looks as though someone had swapped it for a bird. But a raven flutters from the hood. It's a... disgusting bird, appearing in several stages of molting and sickness. It caws in amusement, flapping its' wings, and landing at the edge of the circle. A slow chuckle rumbles off. "This one's invisible." It turns to look around, and spies the others. The face within the cloak is... was human. Eyes nearly yellow, face gone gaunt and drained, teeth blackenned. Whisps of dirty, greyed hair fall between those diseased eyes. The body stands with a slight half-lean, as he squints. "What... what of you?"

The cloaked one glances back and forth. "Looking for a fight then?"

Kyrel says, "We're here to help you, if you'll let us."

"Help? Then step back and let me bring it forth! Yes," A taloned hand gestures to the staff, "Let me call the Unseelie forth. They... they will take the monster from the man."

Derleth doesn't answer. He wastes no time. He immediately starts weaving his hands in gestures of summoning...

Silniya decides she's going to have to atleast move closer, to deal with this. The woman is sprinting, but backs off a few feet.

Kyrel says, "You believe that? They have no honor."

"Yes," He hisses. "They have no honor. But they can be bought, just like anything else." A crook of a dirty smile. "A trio of souls? Freedom? For an erasing. An erasing of a mistake."

Kyrel says, "We can help you. Your own notes pointed the way.. consecration, holy water, uncursing - you didn't try them together, though. If you let the Unseelie free, this whole land will die. We cannot allow that."

"And be confined to one place? To be trapped?" He shakes his head sadly. "It is a quick fix. Like cleaning a wound that won't heal. It cures the mind, boy, but not the body. I have to rid the blight's connection. Rip it out of me. Kill it. Or it'll come back, don't you see? It will yearn for power again. I have to sever the connection. I... am weak, against it."

Derleth crumbles handfuls of dirt in his fists. _I knew he couldn't be reasoned with. So we do it the hard way._ Aloud he says, "Now, confront creatures of pure earth, instead of your twisted monstrosities." he says more to himself than the mage, as two small earth elementals come forth from the ground.

Kyrel says, "If you won't let us try, we'll have to stop you. One way or another."

Kyrel begins chanting, attempting to dispel the forcewall.

Kyrel lets magic flow from his fingers, the counter-reactive, one to pull apart the makings of the weave. The wall of force gives a glimmer, a blaze of energy, before like some soap bubble, pops. The wizard gives a snort. "Then, let it begin." There's a sheen of light that pulses off of him, Kyrel noticing it immediately; a contingency spell. Taloned hands come forth, beginning to form the work of a spell. Shadows surge around him, churning in a whirlwind of circular globes. He steps out briefly, and light spreads beneath his feet; the boots seem to come alive, before a disk of energy the mage stands on. And up into the air he takes. "Let it begin."

From the circle, the sound of a dog begins to bark, to snarl. The raven flutters it's wings, and peers. "Who is there?" it croaks.

Silniya swears. "Great. He's in the air." A glance at Kyrel, having wished he'd given her a flight spell. Then, she crouches, laying her weapons down to take up her bow, then launches an arrow.

The woman nearly takes her finger off when the arrow is let fly, going wide.

Kyrel snarls, repeating the spell of dismissal.

This time, however, those spells hold up, repelling the counteractive energies. Rose gets her wind back, sitting up after the shock. The barking still persists.

Rosalie quickly rolls onto her feet, advancing to the circle. Here are the ... the things she must destroy. She moves quickly, trying to rip them apart, or break them.

Rose sees them. Five of them, glowing a bright violet. She moves close, and the barking stops, before a snarl issues.

Something snaps at Rose's thigh, but she **felt** it coming. Again a growl. The raven squaks. "Ah ha!"

The raven hisses, and flutter's its wings as it takes to the air. Motes of magic unending spreads over the dirty avian's form until it's... well, Bigger. Infact, it's nearly ridable in size. Head cocking, it squaks. Rose, despite the spectacle, darts in, and using her shortsword, rips up one of the glyphs. Angry, violet light flares up as the symbol is broken.

Derleth grins at the display. "One down...." He mentally commands the elementals to attack the circle themselves, since they can't attack the flying mage...hoping they'll tear up the surrounding earth, and the glyphs with them. Then he calls upon his granted power and himself dissapears from view as he considers his next move...moving towards the flying wizard...

The elementals do as beckoned, moving in to begin clawing at the dirt, the lines drawn in the land. "That's rather annoying." He spouts, and begins to chant. A green, vile field begins to build in the air, as his hand jerks down, pointing at one of the elementals. A thin bolt of lightning pierces the sky, and smacks into its' back, before lancing to the other elemental. A finger draws in the air back to Silniya, another arc bouncing towards her. Then his fingers begin to weave again, faster, due to the enchantments layed in. The ground not far from Derleth, from Silniya begin to quake, before a long, ugly crack forms a wide ring. Fire belches upwards, a blazing inferno of heat, curtaining in a ring nearly seventy feet around.

Silniya wasn't expecting that. The arc of lightning hits her squarely, and sends a plume of smoke up. The elementals were not so fortunate; the origional target explodes, while the other is melted into the ground. As the curtain of fire lanches upwards, heat blazes from its' surface, scalding in an unfriendly manner across the unseen cleric.

Silniya moves out of the blazing heatwave, drawing further away from the ring, and closer towards Kyrel's position. She squats down and fires again.

Derleth stumbles to the ground in surprise, and reflectively rolls, in case any part of him caught on fire. "Okay. That officially sucked."

Silniya's arrow flies true, and nails the wizard right in the stomach. He doubles over, the disk of magic dipping a little. He tears the arrow out, as it begins to melt from the blood upon it. "Damn you," He hisses at her.

Kyrel switches spells, following up on Silniya's shot with a barrage of energy bolts. They streak in, green fire against the sky even as the mage moves upward, flying higher to stay in range of the man.

They hit the wizard headon. He's beginning to emit a void of greenish, black light, making the air look dark, ugly. "Nice," He quips.

"Tell me," He calls down to Kyrel, "Where is my girl? I saw you with her, mage. I saw all of you around the book. Where is MIlanali?"

Rosalie looks back at the mage, biting her lip. _If I help them ... I become even more visible. And if the circle isn't broken ..._ She squares her shoulders, even if no one can see her, and advances on the next glyph with intent to destroy.

Again a gnash at Rose's leg, which she dodges, and dives for another glyph. Her blade sinks into it, tearing up the earth and causing eldric power to course up her sword, jarring her teeth. The raven darts forward, snapping its' beak in her direction, and misses.

Kyrel says, "She's with a friend. We're trying to heal the damage that you added to her own problems."

"Me?" He replies, disguisted. "I did nothing to her. I took her in, I nurtured the poor thing. And you want to take her away." He peers downwards, "No... no, I'll take care of them, first." He reaches into his cloak.

Derleth hesitates, moving clear away from the firewall, towatds the flying mage... _I'll risk it. Nothing to lose, anyway._ Weaving his hands, he reappears...weaving a glamer of silence to be centered on the mage...

The spell goes off. The air around the mage becomes as silent as possible, even as he tries to speak. He draws forth a skull with runes across it, which is attached to his belt. He frowns at the silence, and glares down as Derleth becomes visible. A shake of his head, before pulling the cloak off. Wrapping it around his arm, he yanks it inside out, before twisting. The metal interior gleams, as it begins to twist around itself, and instead becomes a shod quarterstaff. The mage beneath the cloak is... horrid. Bones have began to stick out of his skin, leaving his features askew. Scars and old wounds run up his bared arms, fingers truelly turned into skeletal claws. His eyes fix on Kyrel, and he flies straight at him, covering the ground enough to draw the other mage into the field of silence. The air around the twisted wizard is almost murky, and as Kyrel is exposed to it, nausiating. The pure **evil**, the foul energies radiating off the wizard is enough to turn Kyrel's stomach.

Derleth stares. "Gods of goodness forfend..." he breathes....

The foul air chokes and pours down Kyrel's throat, unsettling him, the Blight itself starting to whisper into his ears. He drives it off, drives the bile rising in his throat, but still, it's a tough fight, watering his eyes, weakening his limbs.

On the other side of the battlefield, Rose makes note of something... not good. The lines connecting the glyphs she has been destroying are starting to wither and pulse. Radiant light is blazing up them, tendrils of the eldrich energies snaking off, snapping at her placement. Her ears pop. The rod sticking up from the center of the circle is glowing brighter, the air taking on an aura of light, power manifesting. It's building. The earth is being disturbed by another glyph... and there is an explosion. Or implosion. Whatever happens, it does; like something grips the essence of Rosalie and leeches upon her, she can see her form become visible. The speed inherited in her form drains, and Milanali is standing over the third glyph. A glance down. The ward she just destroyed is beginning to bubble, to draw back... The enormous, molting raven squaks at her, and weaves in, beak plunging at her, and it begins to shrink, looking utterly annoyed and angry.

Energy flows forth from all around, building in a high pitched whine birthed from Mystra's pained lungs, sucked into the center of the circle; lines begin to gleam with renewed life. And then a powerful wave erupts from the center, blasting Milanali and the raven backwards.

Rose leaps aside as the exploding shockwave of magic blasts outwards, barely dodging the backlash.

Silniya looks up into the air at the growing defilement of the air, before looking over at Derleth. Her bow haults a moment. "Wait! I think... I think the more we hurt him, the more the Blight is eating out of him!" And then she and Derleth hear the eruption of magic behind them.

Kyrel feels the shock as the power screams in toward the circle and pales even more when he realizes what's happening. He tries shouting to warn the others, but he's in the circle around the Blighted mage. _They don't want it to fail! The Unseelie are draining the Weave to repair the circle! We've got to hit all the power points at once!_

Kyrel concentrates, fleeing the mage and his sphere of silence. When he is clear of it, he shouts to the others. "It's draining the Weave to repair itself! You have to hit all the power points at once!" He turns back toward his opponent.

All around the circle can see the glyphs begin to reform themselves, magic knitting together in a weaving tapestry, the missing threads flitting back to one another. "Bitch!" The raven squaks, flapping its wings, bobbing at her. "Stupid! Stupid stupid stupid!"

Silniya turns towards the curtain of flame hiding the circle, before looking up at Kyrel. "Don't hit him! It's getting worse!" She calls, pointing at the silenced mage.

Derleth looks from Kyrel to Silinya, confused and indecisive to the point of inaction.

Kyrel blinks as he realizes the werewolf is right. "Healing magic, then? I don't have any." He angles toward the circle, intending to fly over the flames to assist Rosalie and Milinali with the glyphs.

Rosalie grumbles under her breath, as all her good work gets undone. "Keep trying, Sister! We must break the wards!" She bounds forward, arms outstretched, with clear intent to destroy the ward once and for all, so that none may reconstruct it.

Derleth slowly begins to dechiper what's going on around him...watches the other go and try and destroy the glyphs. His instinct is to join them...but they're vulnerable to the blight Mage. And there's something...something about healing magic. He's the only healer. But if he's going to be able to use it on the mage, he needs the mage to get within range. So he watche the mage, trying to look for an opportunity.

The sword slices down, cleaving through the knitting forces bubbling over the surface of the glyph. Like a severed rope, the threads spread wide, snapping at the air like miniature whips.

Derleth's mind races, trying to thing of what to do. It's been years since he's done any serious study of the metaphysics of magic...but a logical conclusion to come to is that, if the Unseelie are drawing on magic to keep the circle intact, removing active magic might hinder that. Which would mean removing some of the enchantments he himself laid, along with the burning wall. He grits his teeth, sending a quick prayer that this works as he calls upon her to disjoin the magic around him...

The flow of it comes, washing across him and the area. It tugs, pulls, ravages at the flaming ring around Silniya and Derleth, but it doesn't fall.

A hiss greets Rosalie's ears. A look up, and the raven is once more there, but there's a certain look in its' eyes. A dirty, sucking hiss fills the air as it flits just over head. The diary had illuded that the Defiler had created it, bound it to him with Blight, and bestowed the sickness, the vile energies flowing in him into the created bird. Such things pollute the creature, but some of that pollution, it has potential. A chaw, before the beak opens, a horrible croaking... Rose can't see. There's something in her eye. Something stinging and burning and blinding and oh, how it burns! It makes her weak at the knees, and certainly makes her dizzy from the fumes, the disguisting bile and spittle polluted with corruption stuck to her face.

By now, the Defiler has turned around. The scene unfolded at the circle churns the blood in his system, sends him flying down toward the problem. Silence decends with him, as he moves upon the circle. A pause, as he spies Milanali, who immediately moves to one of the glyphs and tears into it. For a few moments, he can only hang in silence, from what Kyrel can tell in a point of stunned surprise and injury to the heart. Then the flight continues, and the wizard shoulders his staff in both hands, swinging it down like an axeman's weapon.

The staff's head swipes in, and cracks across the back off of Milanali's back, sending her pitching to the ground before rolling over, staring up in shock at the mage. Then the circle begins to glow once more, the wounded glyph's light growing brighter.

Once more, an explosion. This time eerily quiet in its' power. The lancing energies carressing across the silenced wizard, before blazing out at the enormous curtain of flame. And to Kyrel's dismay, himself. The curtain falls, the wizard dropped onto the ground, noise returned to the circle. And Kyrel finds himself falling toward the earth, the magics surrounding him suddenly gone. And then the explosion comes, knocking all inside the circle back.

Kyrel winces as the Blighted mage heads for the circle, knowing what it will do. He's taken aback when the circle reaches out and absorbs both the circle of flame and the power coursing through his boots. He barely has time to curl up to take the shock of falling six meters to the ground. "Stupid..."

As the wall comes down, Silniya simply hurls herself towards the circle. Taking quick stock of the battle, Rose is down, Milanali is down, Kyrel is falling, Derleth back there, mage there, the circle is her intent. Pouncing on one of the glyphs, she plunges the shorter blade into it, sending arcs of power from the defaced symbol.

Kyrel heads for the circle himself, drawing his rarely-used dagger. _Looks like Silniya has the right idea..._

Kyrel crosses the burnt ground where the wall of flame had been and stabs into the nearest glyph. The magic bound into the circle arcs and grounds, flares of light and power stabbing out from the damage.

_Ow! Argh! Bloody ... _Rosalie stops where she is, using her gloves to try as she tries to wipe the gunk out of her eyes ...__

__Violet, savage lightning lances over the sky. A storm has been bubbling, the clouds collecting since the fight began. Perhaps the blight radiating off of the Defiler like heat shed from a fire caused it, or the magical radiation surging from the circle. Or perhaps the chaotic energies in linking with the Unseelie realm. Whatever the case, a storm is churning above the battlefield, before it opens in a fierce turrent of hot rain. The water makes the ground subjected to the heat of the Wall of Fire hiss and steam.__

__As he watches the mage lay his staff upon the druidess, a plan forms in his mind. It's crazy, but being a cleric of Lliara's all about taking chances. Even as he's thinking, he tosses his flail, his quiver, his scroll case, and his wand behind him. And then he charges right at the mage, bellowing mortal insult to the mage's back as he bolts across the turf. _Turn, you asshole! Turn!___

__"How could you do this," The Defiler hisses as he crouches before Milanali, gripping his staff like a prize fighter. "How?" "To help you! Sister life... she... She promised. She accepts me back!" "She has fallen," The Defiler says pointedly, and Milanali quivers, shrinking back. However, his attention has been caught by the charging, clanking amount of metal behind him. He turns his head, looking over his shoulder at the charging Derleth.__

__Derleth pulls out his magic bottle, and utters the command word. Hard water thrusts out, striking the mage in the eyes.__

__The water strikes the mage squarely in the face, and earning him to reel backwards, twisting in his placement and earning a resigned **snap** from his leg as the ankle twists disgustingly. He falls onto his knees, as the Blight becomes a nearly unpenetrable fog around them.__

__Rosalie's stomach lurches and jumps up into her throat, decorating the ground with her previous meal as the sickening plight washes across her body. Silniya isn't bothered, perhaps due to her inhuman blood, her intollerance for sickness. Milanali drags backwards. "I... Father, I have to help you..." A look over at Rosalie emptying her stomach, before her fingers plunge into the ground of the rune, raking along it and tearing up the magical mark with her hand. Eldrich energy singes her skin, burns as the powerful circle is disrupted. In the center of the circle, that staff is glowing like a beacon within the blighted fog. The storm is getting more savage, sleet hurling down at them all. "No," weeps the wizard, clawing at his face. "No," He echos weakly.__

__Kyrel says, "Yes. We're going to cure you both, one way or another. We won't allow you to bring the Unseelie here."__

__Derleth stares at the staff briefly. "Ky! Get the staff away from the circle! It's feeding the Unseelie!" he shouts as he tackles the mage, turning a memorized spell into a potent pool of healing energy as he lays hands on the insane spellcaster...__

__Above them, the storm begins to rage. Once, twice, lightning snaps across the sky like a slaver's whip, before one bolt of purple darts down, striking the staff in the center of the circle. The circle's lines flare as power surges from the staff, turning dark, pulsing with new radiance. All feel an uneasiness pulse through them, an eerie discomfort.__

__Kyrel holds his breath and dives into the miasma, attempting to pull the staff out from its anchor in the remains of the circle.__

__This should have stopped the circle's power. Should have disrupted the magic, and stopped the ritual. All these bounce in Kyrel's mind. He reaches for the staff, and electricity crackles off his fingers, as he tries to pull... He can't. The white hot lightning doesn't hurt but... As Derleth's healing energies flow into the wounded wizard, around them the air begins to clear, to fade from the poisoning aura, before a wind sweeps it away like mist. There's a faint, singing sound in that wind, a dark whisper that sends chills down the spine.__

__"You've ruined it!" Howls the Defiler, "The bargain's broken! They can't be paid! You've damned me!"__

__Derleth doesn't let up as holy light feeds into the wizard's wounded body. "You damned yourself." he coldly informs the mage.__

__Shadows begin to dance within the corners of all's visions. Whispers building, while the circle itself begins to crackle with... something. Something not quite right.__

__Kyrel says, "And we will not let you exchange that damnation for an entire realm's. Now shut up if you're not going to help."__

__"Milla? Milla?" Rosalie peers out through gunk covered eyes, trying to make out what's happening ...__

__Kyrel releases the staff after futile attempts to move it, and backs up to the edge of the circle. He holds his breath as he steps across it, but whatever has happened, the circle isn't sealed against his kind. _I only hope it's still sealed to Them...___

__"Who is it who has called the Court?" The voice that reaches the ears of all present sounds sweet, yet where innocence may rest in a child's tone, this one lurks with promises and threats. There was once no one there, but now, now there's something in the circle, on one side of the staff. The air parts, and like a curtain unfurled, stands a... someone. Like an elf, almost, but more petite, waspishly thin. Face of beauty in the hands of an artist with cruel intentions. Wings of a butterfly, only drained of their vibrant colors and turned into greys, blacks, whites, and pale, pale reds gleam behind the being. "Who has teased the Court's attention with undelivered promises?" There is a hint of anger, of mockery in those drippingly soft tones. A rage unmet rests within the unearthly eyes of this one.__

__Milanali shrinks away from the display, crawling to Rosalie and holding to her like a scared child. Silniya swears, stepping back in horror and awe, even fear, gripping her weapons.__

__Rosalie wraps one arm around Milanali, the other still frantically digging gunk out of her eyes. "See for me sister; tell me what's happening."__

__Derleth's eyes narrow dangerously. He know, if only vaguely, what this one is. He is afraid, but he will not back down. He rises from the fallen mage, eying the fae. "Leave. This world is closed to you, and it shall remain so." he spits, a spell coming to mind...and wondering if it would work against a one such as this.__

__"A dark fey has come," She says meekly. "They are angry. Very angry."__

__Rosalie grips Milanali tighter, looking visibly disturbed. "If it comes to fight, sister, stay behind me."__

__The fey looks at Derleth. It looks. And to him, this one is looking right through him. "You are not the one who flirts with the Court. Be gone." Those words hold much power. "Freedome ripped from a member of the Unseelie. These souls," A gesture to the staff's gem, "Are not welcomed; the bond broken between them and the Court. The price for unkept promises shall be claimed by this courier for Her High."__

__Crumpled on the ground, the Defiler weeps silently.__

__The winds have picked up, howling around them, thunder a drumset in the background. The Courier's eyes weave back and forth, waiting for an answer.__

__Derleth hesitates. It galls him to be treated as nothing...but that regardm in retrospect, may be what saves him. And the mage is not worth saving. In the cleric's own words, he doomed himself. And so Derleth steps away from the Defiler, allowing the courier to claim what he came for.__

__Rosalie sighs. "Can the bargain be unbroken, fae?"__

__Kyrel is intrigued by the courier's statement. "There was harm done to one of you in breaking this bargain?"__

__"I have," The Defiler croaks, "I have sought you. Sought, sought for relief. The bonds were broken not by-" "That matters not." Answering the questions posed but looking at none but the crumpled wizard, "Payment was torn from reaching hands. A taunt, a spit in the face. You deface the Court in such a tease, an ungreatful thing, unackowledged to us. Freedome in this unplucked realm you offer, and cannot deliver? No relief. The Court has spoken, has sent the collecter." It draws forwards, the very air, reality destorting.__

__Milla buries her face in Rosalie's neck, beginning to cry soundlessly.__

__Rosalie stands up, putting Millanali behind her. "Excuse me ..."__

__The dark fey ignores Rosalie, and halts before the Defiler. "You have been privilaged too long with the Unseelie's gift. It is yours no longer." His cheeks are simply in her hands, as those wings spread. Pain begins to wrack his face, while the Raven begins to twitch, to squack in pain.__

__Rosalie moves forward. "Excuse me ... do you wish your blight, or the man?"__

__Derleth looks at the sky. _Don't draw attention to yourself, Rose...the fae doesn't care for us. Drawing attention to yourself aids none of us._ he thinks at her frustratedly.__

__Rosalie sighs, stepping back after seeing the expression on Derleth's face. She wraps her arm around Milla once more, and turns to look at her. "You do not have to watch; I am sorry we could not ... could not save him."__

__"The Court wishes it's payments." Life, age, the twisting of the mage's body seems to all go in reverse. The juts of bone draw inward, the paleness of his skin, crookedness of spine, face contorted in the corruption, fingers talons, they fix. Despite the pain forming over the Defiler's features. Even more disturbing, the Raven is... falling apart. Feathers begin to fall out of it, before it simply begins to melt like too much wax before a fire, ending up a dirty smear of clay upon the earth. The winds scream around them, picking up and drawing all's hair. Kyrel, Rose, they feel something very distinct; the Weave that touches them both feels strained for a moment. Then the fae releases its' victim, the man, seeming younger, healtier, who drops to the ground and curls into a fetal position. "You are nothing, now, before the Court." It turns, the wings enveloping and the air is left still unsettled, gone.__

__Rosalie runs forward, kneeling to lean over the man, pulling out a potion of healing, and holding the vial to his lips.__

__Milla falls to her knees as Rose exposes the mage to her. As the bottle is offered, it would seem as though only the body, not the man responds, and only through instinct of drinking. The potion is drained, before he shudders within her grip, murmuring, "It's gone. All of it. The Blight... Mystra's art... it's left me..."__

__Rosalie holds the man up, trying to catch his gaze. "The blight is gone, sirrah. The price is paid."__

__His eyes blue, racked with memories rushing back. "No," He whispers quietly to Rosalie. "It hasn't. I've done so much, the only price that can be paid now is grief and attonement..."__

__Rosalie looks up. "Milla. He needs you now, Milla."__

__The elf is allready crawling over. "Father," Her tone is mixed in pain and happiness, looking over him. "Father, you're not sick." She moves faster, to grip him around the shoulders, to press her head under his chin. "Because of Sister."__

__The wizard shakes his head, stroking Milanali's shoulders. "You're still so very mad..."__

__Derleth feels...most confused by what has occurred. He quickly finds he need merely to sit, and collect himself.__

__Kyrel nods. "One price is paid, then. As for the rest... you made a grievous mistake and have paid a terrible price. I would suggest that you spend your time making what amends you can - perhaps the brotherhood of Ilmater could give you some direction?"__

__Rosalie looks at the wizard. "Well, she will heal you, and you will heal her. It will be your first atonement, now won't it." Her voice is cool, and crisp.__

__"It is something to consider," He says quietly, stroking the druid's hair. "However, Mystra.... deserves my attention, as well. I have defaced her gifts with my mistakes. With Her and Azuth's followings, their healers, perhaps things can change."__

__Silniya moves beside Derleth, finding herself equally... conflicted.__

__Rosalie says, "It is not, wizard, something to consider. She risked her life and her sanity for you. You owe her healing."__

__He looks up, staring back at Rose. "I was referring to Ilmater. To this one, piecing her mind back together is not something of debate."__

__Derleth looks up at Sil, his expression bemused. "Ah...wasn't there something about needed to consecrate an area? Or is that not needed now?"__

__Silniya looks over the blasted earth. "Maybe it would be wise, to let any taint of the Unseelie's presence..."__

__Rosalie ahs, nodding once. "Good. Right. Glad to hear it." She stands up, and moves over to tap Millanali on the shoulder. "Sister ... travel well, sister. You will always be welcome in my den." She slides the bracelet off her wrist. "I could not use this; please, take it."__

__The druid looks up, her eyes wet with tears. A shake of her head. "No, no Sister... keep it..." A smile finds her. "It is... a gift, for healing Father. For... me accepting Brother Decay over you..."__

__Derleth nods with a sigh, retrieving a vial of holy water, and handful of silver dust from a pouch, making busy with that, then. Keeping busy allows him to focus his mind.__

__Rosalie smiles, pulling out a small deep blue spinel. "This gem, Milla, has no magic, I'm afraid. But if you will find a silversmith, he will set it in a brooch for you, to remind you of me."__

__She accepts it willingly, and gives it to the once Defiler, who pockets it. "Thank you, sister." "Come on, Milanali," He murmurs, rising, drawing her to her feet. The human pauses, though. "We may not make it out of the forest alive, though."__

__Rosalie looks at the others, and sighs. "Do we escort them?"__

__Silniya pauses. "Do you think Sessis would even allow it?"__

__Rosalie says, "She will have to."__

__Kyrel says, "Too much trouble, I think. Let's just avoid the problem." He turns to the pair. "Ilmater's people have a temple in Selegaunt. Would you mind going there?"__

__The mage looks hesitant for a moment. "... No. No, I don't think I'd mind much."__

__Kyrel grins. "Anything you want to take along?"__

__Rosalie hmmms. "Or we could send them to the good Captain. He could provide ... shelter."__

__The mage pauses, removing an amulet from his tunic. "I hesitate to offer this unto you... It would protect from any scrying. Yet, I feel I've made quite a few enemies, myself..."__

__Kyrel says, "I'm not sure where the captain is right now. I know I can get them to Selegaunt. I'll be back in the morning. Try not to go too far."__

__Kyrel nods to the former mage. "I'd suggest you keep that. Otherwise you won't get very far in making amends."__

__"Wait." The once-wizard pulls from Milanali, and draws towards the center of the circle. He uproots the staff, and removes the crystal from it's head. This he tosses to Rose. "Destroy that, at the base of a great oak. Release the souls within." Picking up his quarterstaff, he walks to Kyrel, before offering him the rod which had been the center of the circle. "This is a spellbook. See the bumps along its' surface? You press your finger upon one, and around it other etchings will rise. You can read the spells that way. I have no use for it any longer."__

__Rosalie nods. "We shall. Do you know their names?"__

__A shake of his head in response. "No..." The quarterstaff is turned inside out, before the mage shrugs on his cloak. "My thanks to you."__

__Rosalie sighs. "We shall sing home the nameless ones."__

__Kyrel nods. "I thank you, then. If there is nothing else, let's get you out of here before Drox comes back." He takes their hands and chants the spell that bends the world around himself, reappearing a moment later in front of the Halfway Inn in Selegaunt.__

__The once wizard offers Kyrel a skull, drawn upon it are arcane runes. "This is a scroll, one which will allow you to teleport back."__

__Kyrel takes it, a little gingerly. "Odd sort of scroll. You sure there's no taint to it?"__

__"Only disgust and sorrow."__

__Kyrel says, "The Inn's very good, but a bit expensive. Ilmater's Temple is that way..." He gives directions. "Good luck. I should be getting back, since I can do it quickly."__

__Holding Milanali by the waist, the once mage nods. "Thank you, again." He then turns, leading the clinging elf off.__

__Kyrel sighs, looking fondly at the Inn. "Next time I'll have two... c'mon, Kiri."__

__The bat chirps. Kyrel chants the syllables off the skull, and as it disentigrates in the used magic, the world is distorted, before he finds himself back in the clearing.__

__Derleth has just finished his work, murmuring a final prayer to bind the consecration. "That will do it." he murmurs, looking up at his companions wryly. "Well...now what?"__

__Rosalie sighs. "I don't know. Do we tell Sessis what has ... happened?"__

__Derleth chuckles wryly. "In my not so humble opinion, I feel like we should make tracks out of the damn forest."__

__Kyrel reappears, a little ways off from where he vanished. "He had a ... scroll, of sorts. Did I miss anything?"__

__Rosalie nods, looking downcast. "I suppose. I'll miss ... some of the friends we've made, though."__

__Silniya nods. "Or try to move into another Green's territory. She wouldn't try enforcing beyond another dragon's territory." A sideglance at Rose.__

__Kyrel shrugs. "They're both gone, and the Blight is healed. D'you think she'll press that closely?"__

__Derleth rolls his eyes at Rose. "Rose...not to cut into your love life, but you're missing the big picture. Sessis is not our friend. And if we don't make tracks, she's going to bludgeon us into working for her. And I don't view that as an acceptable result."__

__"Or kill us," Silniya chimes in helpfully.__

__Rosalie looks back at Silniya. "Actually ... I think my mother would appreciate a little information." She grins. "And you did mention that that's where my little brother sloped off too." She turns to Derleth. "I don't know about you, but _I_ was thinking of Milla. And maybe Drox."__

__Silniya chuckles. "And, you have a father to catch, don't you? Well, then let's round up the horses and go?"__

__Derleth looks away from Rose. "I know you were talking about Drox. But he works for Sessis." he replies.__

__Rosalie ohs. "Right. Point. Shall we go visit mum?"__

__Derleth starts looking around for his dropped equipment. "Sounds like the thing to do."__

__Rosalie nods. "Visit mum, get even with Gabriel, go hunt dad."__

__They all gather up their things, and mount up onto the horses. WIth Silniya's guidance, they ease into the forest, leaving behind the Fey Mounds, and move swift into the forest folds, hoping to outrun the Dragon's reach, leaving behind memories, and heading off towards new ones to make.__