**Interlude: The Gift**  
  
Derleth paces in his room...Kyrel is off somewhere doing research in some noble's library....and he can hear Silniya moving around in the room next to him. Now would be the perfect time to give her the pendant, all sealed with the spell...if he can only work himself up to it. Across the hall, the door opens, and he can hear a brief conversation. Apparently, Silniya ordered some room service. Normally, she's not so utterly lazy, but perhaps the woman just wants a little pampering, now. The sound of halfling feet shuffling down the stairs can be heard.

Derleth grits his teeth...when he's sure the halfling has left, he smoothes down his robes and his hair, trying to look presentable. Putting the pendant into a pocket, he exits, knocking on Silniya's door.

"He-" The voice sounds full of food. A pause, then a food-free tone returns, "Yes?"

The nervous cleric clears his throat. "It's...ah...it's me." _Oh how very bright, Derleth._ "I mean...it's Derleth."

"Oh!" After a brief ruffle of plates, Silniya opens the door. She's wearing a frilly lace and cotton robe that looks a tad... small on her. Her smile is bright, her entire expression much more relaxed, without the hard lines it had been a week before. The little camping trip had obviously rejuvinated her. "Hello, Derleth."

Derleth smiles back, although it seems a little...sickly. "Ah...I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your meal...uhm...I could come back later..."

Silniya makes a negatory sound, and waves her hand. "Come on in." She steps back, opening the door. Her pack and equipment seem piled in one corner, at least somewhat neat. On a little table, there's a plate with biscuits, mushrooms and poultry, the biscuits sliced open and the chicken stuffed inside. "We've ate together, it's nothing secret." She pauses. "You okay? You look a little twitchy."

Derleth tries to chuckle casually. "No, no, I'm fine...you've got quite a feast going here..." he murmurs as he steps in. _I'm still not ready._ "Ah....did your hunt go well?"

Silniya returns to her spot on the edge of her bed. "Oh, beautifully. I tracked a trio down, they were holed up in a crevice on a ridge. I left them there for a couple of days, just wandered the woods. It was just marvelous." She shrugs. "Then I went back this morning and cleared them out."

Derleth smiles at Silniya fondly, sitting next to her...not too, close, but close enough. "Did you, ah...get a chance to run, hunt...get back in touch with your wolven side?" It's not small talk; he actually **is** interested in her answer.

Silniya nods her head. "Certainly." She stretches. "I brought down a young buck, on my own. He was looking worse for wear; I think he might've suffered a broken leg. Didn't run that far." She glances toward her pack, "I have the antlers I'm going to sell to some weaponsmiths and fletchers. But, yes, I did." She glances back with a grin, "You have no idea what it's just like to sprawl on the moss under a tree, and let the wind ruffle your fur, the scents of the forest just flooding your senses."

Derleth glances down at his ring. "Well, I might be able to find out...though it likely wouldn't be the same for me...I'm not, by nature, a fox. The ring just gives me the shape of one...not the instincts and knowledge of one." Silniya nods. "If you were in the form long enough, it'd likely bleed in, but I know what you mean."

Derleth pauses for a long time...and then murmurs, "Sil...." The ranger doesn't respond at first, in the midst of eating, and it's just then that the small robe gives up the struggle to remain taut around her body, and it comes loose at the front, revealing bare skin underneath. She doesn't notice it immediately, having been eating. Looking up at Derleth, she replies, "Hmm?"

Derleth loses his train of thought as he catches a glimpse of bared flesh...a hint of her chest curves. He looks away, his face burning as he reaches into the pocket of his robe. "I have something for you...I was going to give it to you earlier, but then you left...."

Noting his sudden flushedness, Silniya unconsciously glances downward. Tightening her robe, the little thing not made for her frame, but she can't blame the halflings for not having larger things just offered. However, as Derleth talks, she looks back up to him, listening intently.

The cleric hesitates another second, and then pulls out the wolf pendant; showing it to her, dangling from his fingers. "I had it made...just for you..." he says in a small voice.

With slow, almost awe-hesitant fingers, Silniya reaches out to cup the little pendant in her hand. The woman simply stares at it for a long time, her eyes locked on it, the corners of the green orbs leaking just a bit of moisture. She looks up at Derleth, smiling softly, but she doesn't say anything, yet. For his part, Derleth seems captured by her eyes...her smile...noting, from comparison, how well the dwarf did in capturing the essence of her eyes. "It's...it's not just decorative either...once a day, on a command word, sealed enchantment on the pendant will heighten your accuracy and lend strength to your attacks...I...wanted to put something of me in it. I can't..." he waves a hand, "metal smith, so...."

Her finger presses on Derleth's lips. "Shh." Gently, as if she would break it if she touched it firmly, takes up the pendant in her hand, and draws it from Derleth's. Shifting her sitting, leaning forward, she wraps her arms around Derleth, tenatively, to see if resistance is offered. Derleth does let out a held breath at the embrace...he offers no resistance at all, and returns the embrace. Squeezing him tight, the warrior cradles Derleth against her, pressing her cheek to the side of his head, simply holding. The gesture offering no sexual tension, despite the pressure of his chest against hers, in that small robe...only solace, and the relief of feelings shared....he smiles then, content. "Oh, Sil..." he breathes.

Squeezing tight, before easing back, Silniya gazes down at Derleth. "Derleth, it's beautiful," She whispers. "Lovely. The fact that... that you put such thought. That just... means so much." She brushes the back of her fingers along the man's cheek. "Why?" The question is quiet, but her eyes are sharp, intent on the cleric's own.

Derleth's face gets a little redder...but that does not stop him from speaking. "Because I care about you, Sil...and...I...wanted to show that. You've...been very good to me...and I would...I mean..." He seems to be having difficulty, groping for words. Silniya's fingers continue to caress Derleth's cheek. She doesn't stop him, or interrupt, she simply lets the cleric find his words. She's not going anywhere, and she thinks he needs to get it off his chest. Or, perhaps more accurately, she wants to hear it.

Derleth bites his lip, trembling as Silniya strokes his burning cheek....savoring this closeness. "I feel like a fool saying this, Sil, but...I think...somewhere during all this recent mess...I fell...in love...with you." He ducks his head. "Oh, bright Lady, I am a fool..."

Derleth's chin is lifted, by the woman's touch, cupping his chin, lifting it to her gaze. "No," She replies, quiet but firm. "Not a fool. Is a bird just starting to fly a fool because it can't lift off the first few tries? It's fumbling, but it will get to the air, it yearns for the air." She shifts her thumb, brushing it across Derleth's lips. A little smile plays on her, as she sooths, "If you are a fool, then I think you should count me as one too."

Derleth smiles shyly. "So I'm not...exaggerating your feelings...or seeing what doesn't exist, then?"

"I've had quite the feeling you were affectionate. I saw how you got flustered around Tatiana, but there was no interest in your eyes, in your steps. But you're much more...apparent, around me. Even if you flush, you don't rebuke, only withold." She offers a soft smile. "You're... endearing." Silniya holds up the hand gripping the pendant. "So very sweet." Her fingers glide through the cleric's hair, as she leans closer. "I've seen you be courageous on the field, but it took a lot to come in here, and do what you did." She raises a brow, however, noticing Derleth's tension actually rise. "Oh, my. Was there something else?"

Derleth chuckles wryly. "I'll admit, I was more afraid of coming in here than of possibly facing a Plague Angel..." He shifts closer then. "But yes,there was...is. Something I've been...wanting to do for a while now." He lifts a hand up slowly, trailing fingers across her face now...and when she does not pull away, he cups his hand around the back of her head and leans in, kissing her tenderly on the lips. She returns it; not yielding, or pressing fiercely, but accepting his gentle affection, and giving back her own in likewise fashion. She squeezes his shoulder. Derleth finally pulls away...he still blushes, but there is a pleased look of satisfaction in his eyes. He smiles, warm and admiring. "That, I think, was more than worth the wait...before your...ah...token, I hadn't kissed a woman in...well, years."

She replies with a little grin. "I was hoping you weren't a fledgling." The smile turns soft. "I didn't want to die without doing that. But, now that we're not dead, I have the feeling I'm going to do it more." She hesitates, now, and then queries, "Derleth...?"

Derleth looks at Silniya dead on, feeling his heart thump against his ribs. "Yes, Silniya?" he replies, a little more throaty that he intended...but somewhere, around his voice box, hot blood collects.

Silniya's attention briefly shifts to the door. "Do you think Kyrel would care, if he had the bed all to himself, tonight?"

Derleth's breath catches in his throat...but his eyes lose none of their resolve. "I think he'll cope just fine, by himself..." he murmurs, the corners of his mouth curling up slightly... Looking Derleth in the eyes again, her expression is serious, but touched with hint of worry. She lays a hand on Derleth's own. "I know that suggestion was a little... fast..." She states, "But, I'm aware that you can be unsure of some things. We do not need to be up all night, to share a bed. Simply? sleeping with you next to me would be just fine."

Derleth reaches down with his free hand, and places a warm palm on a bare expanse of Silniya's thigh not covered by the small robe. "Unsure of some things, Sil...but not of this. But...it's been just as long since I've lain with a woman...so let's take it slow....and see where it leads?" His fingers slide up under the robe just a touch, accenting his words... Strong, muscular thighs close upon the tips of his fingers: not a rebuff, but more an assuring squeeze, as she watches him. "Agreed. I don't care to rush you, nor appear as a tavern wench looking to earn extra coin." She smiles wryly, but there is a hint of playfulness at the corners of her mouth. "I just can be a tad... blunt, at times. Loveplay was more casually accepted, where I grew up."

Derleth chuckles quietly. "No need to explain, Sil...you have my full attention now...and I doubt anything you do would scare me off." He glances at the plates of food, not yet finished, and recalls something he read in a romance novel years ago, in the Lliaran library in the Waterdeep temple. "But...look here, you've yet to finish your meal...why don't we start...there." He murmurs, picking up a mushroom, and offering it to her...brushing it against her lips.

Silniya's eyes glitter, taking the mushroom between her lips slowly, her eyes never leaving Derleth's as she sensually consumes his offering. She then drops a hand her robe, loosening the belt of the confining garment, and baring that which she covered only moments ago. Retrieving another mushroom, she draws it teasingly across her chest, between her exposed curves, and then leans forward, offering it to Derleth. "When you're done with that, you can help me put this on," she purrs, holding up the pendant.

Derleth's cheeks brighten again...but not of embarrassment this time. "It would be my pleasure..." he murmurs, and takes the offering into his mouth, chewing slowly...  
  

_strange how my heart beats  
to find myself upon your shore  
strange how i still feel  
my loss of comfort gone before  

cool waves wash over  
and drift away with dreams of youth  
so time is stolen  
i cannot hold you long enough  

and so this is where i should be now  
days and nights falling by  
days and nights falling by me  
i know of a dream i should be holding  
days and nights falling by  
days and nights falling by me  

soft blue horizons  
reach far into my childhood days  
as you are rising  
to bring me my forgotten ways  

strange how i falter  
to find i'm standing in deep water  
strange how my heart beats  
to find i'm standing on your shore  


_

Hours later, after hesitantly amorous play becomes heated activity, the pair are left beneath the covers, bare, and slightly damp from the caress of a towel dipped into the room's cool water basin. Silniya nuzzles her cheek into the back of Derleth's neck, her chest nestled against his back. Derleth has this small smile on his face as he basks in the afterglow, contentedly feeling Silniya's bare skin against his. He reaches up and rests a hand on Sil's side, caressing affectionately. "Well now...that was splendid." he murmurs.

A simple 'mmm' is Sil's reply, accompanied by a delicate kiss on the back of his neck. "Certainly," She murmurs. A brief squeeze. "It's been some time for me as well; definitely, as you said, worth the wait."

Derleth chuckles briefly, and then sighs happily. "One thing, Sil...I don't know how much longer it's going to take finishing up Ky's new toys...but if you feel the need to go out for another camping trip....I'd like to go with you...if that's okay." His words draws a little grin to Silniya's lips. She shifts, to playfully lip-nip at the edge of Derleth's ear. "I would enjoy that, in fact. But you must realize... I rough it. Utterly."

Derleth makes a small moan at the teasing nip. "Just because I like my luxuries, doesn't mean I can't do without...." he chides. He hesitates, and then reaches back and gives her rump a squeeze. "The important thing is...I'm with you. And I don't want to see you out my sight too long, now..."

"Ah, ah," She states. "No need to start putting leashes where they don't belong." She slightly smirks, and then adds slyly, "In inappropriate times." Derleth's eyes widen briefly, wondering if she's serious. She then rises on an elbow, glancing down at Derleth. "I can handle myself, Derleth. I appreciate the fact you just want to be close, though."

Derleth grimaces. "Duly chastised, Sil. But this is not about leashing you, Sil....it's just me...wanting to spend time with you." She brings her hand around, to tilt Derleth's chin enough, allowing him to look up at her. "Silly. You've nothing to fear. I'm not going anywhere."

Derleth smiles again...and tilts enough to lightly kiss her on the lips. "Lucky me." he says in a small voice. Then he kisses her again, and looks at her adoringly. "Oh Sil...I do love you."

Silniya smiles, slow, tilting her head down to brush her cheek across his. "Your lady smiles at so many angles... I love you too." Kissing the cleric's forehead, "Now, go to sleep. I'm more tired than I was after dealing with the trolls."

Derleth does not blush...but he does get a sly look in his eye. "What can I say...you wanted to keep going....and so did I." Then he reaches out and extinguishes the lone candle...and cuddles back against his bedmate.  
  

---

  
In the early hours of the morn, sunlight just caressing the streets of Selegaunt, Derleth is woken by those rays peeking through the window. He swivels, and looks down at Silniya's sleeping form...and smiles, stroking a lock of hair away from her face. Then he slips out of bed... putting his robe back on, and quietly opening the door and slipping out. Gently putting his key in the lock of the shared room with Kyrel, he tries to sneak in... but Kiri gives a flappy-winged chirrup from his watchful position on the ceiling: behind a bit of plocking wood, placed after the assassin-fireballing.

Derleth grits his teeth, and makes a shushing noise to Kiri as he tries to get into bed, make it look like he came in during the night. Kiri makes an indignant chitter, remarking in battish about wanting cricket bribes. Derleth, of course, does not speak bat, so he just looks pleadingly at Kiri to be quiet...climbing under the covers. It's then that Kyrel rouses, tied to his familiar's consciousness. He hasn't quite gotten awake when Kiri recognizes the cleric, but he opens one eye anyway, to see what time it is. ".....awfully late, isn't it?"

Derleth groans. _Caught._ "Early, rather..."

Kyrel yawns. "Depends if you're getting up or going to sleep, I suppose."

Derleth considers the situation...and decides that trying to dissemble for Kyrel is a waste of time. "I did get some sleep....eventually." he says cryptically, pulling the bedclothes aside and rummaging around to prepare for morning prayers.

Kyrel chuckles sleepily. "Well, good for you. Why'd you bother coming back here, then?"

Derleth sighs. As he thought, a lie would be easily uncovered. "I was trying to be discreet. Besides...I would have gotten up anyway..."

Kyrel rolls over. "Did Silniya like her pendant?"

Derleth looks wryly at Kyrel. He would not be one to make rude commentary about Silniya, but he does say. "Yes. She was quite...thankful." And he blushes.

Kyrel chuckles at that. "Just gave her an excuse to kick your legs out from under you, Derleth. She's been trying to get your attention for a while now." Kiri chirrups, from his corner. Kyrel chuckles at Kiri's comment. "Humans don't work that way, Kiri. They cycle every month." Derleth rolls his eyes at Kiri, muttering something about the 'cricket gallery'. "I suppose so. But I'm not used to such attentions being...well meant." He looks at Kyrel, and offers a smile. "Some remnants of low self-esteem from years past, no doubt."

Kyrel nods. "Ah. Once burned, twice shy. Understandable."

Derleth looks up at Kiri. "Dare I ask what he said?"

Kiri makes a sneezing noise, and wraps himself in his wings. Kyrel grins. "Kiri just said that humans should have mating seasons so they don't worry about it all the time."

Derleth actually laughs at that. "He should keep in mind that Silniya **is** part wolf..."

Kyrel says, "Good point." Kiri chirps again, and Kyrel just raises an eyebrow at the bat. "You don't like fleas anyway, you said last week. Why would you object that she doesn't have any?"

Kiri simply tilts his ears, the battish version of a shrug. Kyrel chuckles. "Troublemaker. I distinctly recall you telling me that they weren't worth the effort to chew."

Derleth mock-glares at Kiri. "As if Sil would have fleas...the nerve of some bats." The comment is met with yet another battish sneeze.

Kyrel snickers. "It could happen. I seem to recall we **all** had fleas after that little romp with the gnolls a while back."

Derleth arches an eyebrow at Kyrel. "Still...that's no reason to poke fun at her." Kiri chitters in a negative tone.

Kyrel says, "He says he didn't much like that trip. Actually, Derleth, I think he's poking fun at you, not Silniya." Kyrel grins up at his familiar. "If only because you're here and she isn't."

Derleth groans, and just shakes his head at the bat. "Bats. Can't live with them, and their fur is too thin for a rug." But he says it good naturedly.

Kiri chirps indignantly, and Kyrel grins as he rolls over to go back to sleep. "As if you'd pass up spiders just so they can drop on him..." he murmurs as he nods off.

_lyrics are taken from "On Your Shore", © 1988, by Enya_