Bodan turns to Derleth as the alarm goes up outside the inn. "You come. What about others?"

Derleth doesn't answer Bodan, as he is already out the door, charging forward as fast as his small legs can carry him.

Kyrel swears in Elven. "We'll be right behind you. I don't like the timing on this."

Vane sighs and stands up, dusting off his sleeves. "We're going after them, then?"

Bodan nods, and runs off at full speed toward the fire.

Kyrel says, "For this, I think so. We at least have somewhere obvious to be together. They'll help with the fire, we'll watch for the bad guys."

As Derleth speeds out the door, heading down the street, he can see the smoke spilling into the night sky, the houses aflame are just past the shops, dead ahead. As the cleric nears the scene, he can tell that one of the homes in flames is the young boy Christof's. Circling the buildings are two figures, young men, chasing after any villager who comes near to put out the blaze.

Vane brushes back his hair, settles his hat in place and tips it down over his eyes. "Let's be off, then. Shooting trouble, as always. Some scholars we are..." He heads toward the door.

Kyrel strings his bow and heads out the door, moving warily toward the fire. "Kiri... High Sentry. Stay safe."

Bodan runs up to the two young men, "Where is water?"

Derleth looks at the men strangely, but doesn't stop running until he is close to the house, though he stays away from the men. He lets Bodan run past him, and then clasps his medallion, chanting the words for a minor but effective prayer.....

---

As the two mages slip out the door, a quiet voice calls from along the dark side of the tavern, "Hey, ye pointy eared bastards, we have some talkin' ta do."

Vane turns toward the voice and scoffs. "No credit for originality. If you're trying to insult me, you'll have to try harder."

The dwarf, decked in bright armor more fitting for a hero, pushes off from the wall of the Inn where he was leaning. A decorated axe hangs from his belt, and upon his left arm rests a shield whose front pulses with light, streaks of it running over the metal now and then. "Indeed. More an' attention grabber." His right hand rests easily at his waist. "Ye boys have somethin' I'm wantin', and I have somethin' ye'll probably be desirin', too. A fair trade will work, eh?" He jerks his chin toward the flames. "I can call them off, iff'n ye please."

Vane says, "I'm listening. Talk."

Kyrel frowns. "What do you propose? So far we have no proof that you'd even abide by a bargain."

The dwarf pulls the corpse of a snake from his pouch, and tosses it at the wizards' feet. The markings are still clear - it was Tomals' familiar. "The boy be with me. Hidden, o' course. Nae harmed, but, iff'n I dinnae get me property back, what's ta stop me, hm?"

Vane says, "That's a threat, not a bargain. My patience is waning. What do you _want_?"

Kyrel says nothing, letting Vane speak for him in this. He merely gauges the position of the dwarf.

"The bargain, is me axe and me gem, for his livin' body. And, I can tell ye where yer other pointy eared friend is buried."

Vane keeps his hat down enough to shade his eyes from clear view. "You're not saying anything that interests me. You seem to show a great deal of interest in an object that was lodged somewhere between your fifth and seventh vertebrae. Don't tell me it has sentimental value."

Ebrek snorts. "Wood is wood. I could care less about the haft it were affixed to. That blade I made with me very own damned fingers, an' the gem, I pried from the cold, dead fingers o' a wizard." At that, he gives the brothers a glare. "Now, Elf, I'm sure ye'd go huntin' something ye toiled over, eh? Matter o' principle, pride. _Surely_ an elf knows about pride."

Kyrel says, "Damned... seems an appropriate word for it. And what will you do if once we return these things to you?"

Ebrek spreads his arms. "I'll release the boy, unharmed, ta yer care, I'll call off me comrades that be playin' with fire over there, and, I'm sure ye'd prefer these townspeople be relieved of their worries, eh? O' course, I can always burn that wheat in the fields, too." He looks puzzled for a moment. "Cannae figure for the life of me what wheat's doin' growin' in winter, but nae the point." He raises a red brow, beneath his helmet. "Worth yer trouble?"

Kyrel says, "We're still in the realm of threats, not bargains, vampire. You are pushing, trying to get us to agree without giving us time to think on it. If you wanted a reasoned dialogue on this, you would have made requests from the beginning, not threats. This is something more than sentimental value."

He snorts, and crosses his arms. "Odd. I gave ye obvious options in Nemford. Could o' left the bits there, but no. Ye've had the whole time down here ta think, have ye nae? And, tell me, pointy ears, would ye really offer an open discussion, then leave the livin' all day to think about it, without watchin' 'em?" His beard parts in a slight grin. "I may be dead, bu' I'm nae stupid. I'd rather nae wake up with wood in me breast again."

Vane says, "It seems we are at an impasse."

"Aye." He tips his head. "Any suggestions? Other then ye simply attempting ta hurl death at me, tha' is?"

Vane says, "Why don't you quit lying to me and tell me what you really need this gem for, that you'd go to so much effort for it."

Kyrel bares his teeth in a snarling grin. "Oh, don't worry about that. If we do the job, you won't need to worry about waking up again."

Vane holds up a hand. "Easy, little brother. No need for that just yet."

Once more the undead dwarf snorts, the blood-red hair of his beard blowing out. "Elf, do ye think I have pressing business? I've been buried under a rock slide fer nearly a hundred years. I have all the time in the world, at the moment. This effort ye talk about's because I have nary a thing ta do. A'course, when I'm finished here..." He shrugs. "I've nae reason to plan til' I'm finished with me first step."

Vane says, "Are you going to continue taking me for a fool? Either you require this gem for something, or the taking of hostages is some sort of entertainment for you; and in _that_ case we have nothing further to discuss. I don't play games. Which is it?"

He grins. "I'm nae wizard, Elf. How do ye suspect I'd be usin' some magic o' that gem, even iff'n it had any? I only use yer abyss-blessed Art when I've nae choice. Nae. I crafted that axe, attached that gem meself. Now, last I checked, ye had to put magic in it durin' the thing's creation, ne? So, that reasoning is unsound."

Vane says, "And you are a liar. Or a very great fool. Don't try to talk a circle 'round _me_." The Elf has yet to raise his voice or change his tone at all. He sounds quite calm.

Once more, the vampire spreads his arms, his free hand clenched in a fist. "If I be a liar, pointy ears, what'm I hidin'? Ye both are thrice-damned wizards, aren't ye? Tell me, what dark power the gem be havin'?"

Kyrel says, "Don't try to teach your grandmother to suck eggs. If it has no power, and you're as bored as you claim, why not just make another axe? We haven't figured it out just yet, but we will."

Ebrek snorts. "Ye know, ye damned half-breed, yer nae gettin' it, are ye? Damn, ye must have orc in ye to have such a thick skull. It's _mine_. Ye have any idea how much blood I let with that blade? How long it took to split that wizard open? It's me weapon. It's like...ye elves and yer woods, mayhap."

Vane laughs quietly. "You should calm yourself, little brother. You'll make yourself grey before your time." He lowers his hand. "Now, If you'll excuse my younger counterpart's directness... I'll ask a different question. Since that black bit of iron is so dear to you, tell me, how did it come to be buried in your spine?"

The dwarf's expression screws up, as if he's flustered a moment, then clears his throat. "_Wizards_." The word is spat out like venom. He idly takes a step, scratching his beard. "I'm in the burial chambers o' the clan's best, brightest, and honored, ya? Raidin' the crypt, settin' up a coffin, aye? And a group o' the damned clansmen, with the clan's Wizard no less, comes aroun'. I'd caved in the entrance to the burial chamber from the clanhold, and I don a pair of armor off one o' the corpses I ransacked. They came in a side tunnel, I run out through the last one -- and _boom_. Flame, stone, timbers, all comes down atop me. Me blade was broken in the blast, an' the bastards plunked the haft in me before I got me bearings."

Vane's expression doesn't change. "How _terribly_ unfortunate." He gestures, as if brushing something away from the end of his nose. "Every bit the dwarf still, to go to such lengths for a bit of black iron. How admirably persistent."

Ebrek gazes levelly back at Vane. "As opposed to elves, who could give nae a fig about anythin'? So concerned about dancin' in the flowers that they won't think o' settlin' down and _doin'_ somethin' worth somethin'?"

Vane says, "Worthwhile pursuits. Yes. Such as the pillaging of the defenseless and the murder of the helpless. I've only one last question for you. Was all this worth it? Does the axe mean enough to you to risk the final death?"

Ebrek cocks an eyebrow upward. "_Final_ death?" He glances around, before snickering. "We're nae in a tunnel here, Wizard. Too close for them fire bursts of yours to get me alone; ye and yer kin'd both be feelin' the heat from that. An', last I checked, yer holy man is over there, piddlin' around. So, tell me, what is goin' to cut me down, eh?"

Vane smiles coldly by way of answer. "Are you willing to find out?"

Ebrek grins. "Surely. Never tasted elf blood before. Though I'd bet it tastes like the frilly orc piss yer kind calls wine."

Vane removes his hat and casts it aside. "I wouldn't know; I don't drink." His eyes glitter; "Is that it, then? Have we nothing left to say to one another?"

Kyrel watches the dwarven vampire, pretending to be outraged by his insults. _Kiri. Lead Derleth and that paladin around the building, have them come up behind the vampire._

A shrug. "I'd prefer to put me own steel in ye, elf, rather then this pilfered weapon," He glares down at the one at his belt, as if it were offensive. "But, if ye insist in dying now, then there's nae a sense o' me denying ye yer ...peace." The word, from his lips, sounds like a dirty joke.

Vane doesn't bother to smile. "I don't know peace, either."

The vampire gestures with his shield, the other arm at his weapon. "Here, or elsewhere?"

Vane unbuttons his overcoat, and tosses one flap back behind his hip to free up his spell pouch. "I leave it to you. It will make no difference."

---

Bodan realizes only after his question that the auras of the two young men have the stench of evil. He tosses a vial of holy water at each of them as he calls out, "May Ilmater grant me strength to end your evil and stop your suffering!"

One of the vials cracks into the vampire-spawn closest to Bodan, the blessed liquid splashing out to burn across its flesh. However, much of the liquid soaks into the creature's cloak, which is cast aside with a snarl. The second vial goes wide, shattering to soak into the ground. The burnt spawn snarls at the paladin, the young boy's face contorted in a feral grimace. A moment later he hops back, and his form dissipates into mist, floating back away from the half-orc's reach, toward the cleric. The other is already moving to attack Derleth from behind.

Derleth's first spell generates water, which appears in the air over the burning building, cascading down onto the flames. Steam erupts up into the air, some of the flames backing away from the roof, but the respite is only temporary, as the flames begin to creep up the dampened roof again after a brief retreat.

Derleth curses. As much water as he is able to summon, it's not enough to bring the blaze under control. He also sees the vampire that is floating towards him in gaseous form, and knows he may not have a chance to try it again before coming into combat. Quickly, he looks around for the other spawn.

Bodan turns to the one corpreal creature, bows his head and charges forward, apparently weaponless - but moments before he reaches the evil being he raises his hands, and a warhammer appears even as he starts the downswing to smash the creature.

The blunt weapon swings in, and cracks into the vampire's back. The young man cries out, as the hammer smashes undead flesh and bone. The blow knocks the spawn forwards, shifting into mist even as it falls. The mist drifts away from the paladin before it reforms, chasing after a townsman carring a bucket.

The other spawn turns away from the cleric and leaps at Bodan, its fists striking out. One fist crunches into the half-orc's armored chest, and Bodan can feel the chill of its touch seeping through, but he pulls back before it can do anything more than that.

Derleth's eyes harden as he watches the other spawn attack a villager. "Nae ye don't." He brings up a palm and chants sutras of power, aiming for the vampire's back. The beam of sunlight blazes from the cleric's outstretched palm, and splits the night air, striking the spawn full on the back. The beam cuts into it, bringing a flaming burst from the creature's back, and a horrible squeal, as some of the light even pierces all the way through its chest. It falls on its knees, as the frightened villager looks up, glances at Derleth, and then runs back to the house, and empties his bucket onto a flaming wall.

Bodan, reacting to the thing's attack, brings his wahammer down in a powerful arc, followed by a sweep from below. The weapon's first strike nearly flattens the spawn's head, and the second stroke nearly severs its neck. Instead of blood, though, the creature disappears into mist, rising up and apparently trying to escape. The spawn that Derleth had hit with the sunburst struggles to its feet and disappears behind the burning building.

Derleth cries out, "Paladin! After th' other spawn, afore it gets away!" He turns his attention back to Christof's house, summoning more water from above, set on quenching the fire.

Bodan watches his foe drift away, angry that it is escaping. He turns at Derleth's shout and follows the other creature around the house.

The villagers move in to try to stop the fire, now that they are not being run off by the vampire-spawn. The delay has allowed the fire to engulf the structures, though, and the bucket brigade, even augmented by Derleth's spells, is barely able to contain the flames. The cleric comes in closer, gasping in the heat of the fires, and checks to make sure there are no other vampires before he casts the spell again.

Bodan goes around the other side of the burning building, and meets the vampire head on as it flees the cleric. Startled, he slows his pace and brings his warhammer around with both hands to strike at the creature. The strike is well placed indeed! Enough to knock the vampire against the burning wall, where it shrieks in the flames. But again, before Bodan can destroy it completely, it turns to mist and drifts into the sky, escaping. The half-orc growls, not knowing how to stop such foes. He tightens his grip on his warhammer and begins running back the way he came, looking for Derleth.

From inside Christof's home comes a strangled cry of "Help!" The flames have been reduced, but it is still burning, and anyone trapped inside might not survive until the fires are extinguished. Derleth curses, and leaving the second blazing house to the abilities of the townsfolk, throws his fate into Lliara's hands and charges into Christof's house, holding up one hand to protect his face. The door breaks easily, already damaged by the flames. The interior is a hellish mess, smoke thick in the air, and the inner walls writhing with flames.

Derleth strains his ears to try and hear for the voice that called for him, but the crackling of the fire and the groaning timbers of the house collapsing about him makes it impossible for him to get his bearings. He covers his mouth, wading into the next room, still searching.

Bodan runs out from between the burning buildings, looking around for Derleth but can't find him anywhere. He turns to one of the villagers and asks, "The cleric, where he go?"

One man, stopping with an empty bucket, points into the nearly gone door. "He went in there!"

Bodan looks towards the building aghast, seeing the front door smashed in and the roof still aflame. "Why he go there, he _mad?_"

The villager shrugs as he runs for another bucket. "The Hells if I know!"

Another cry for help comes from deeper inside the building, through an open door. The ominous creaking gives way to a crash as a burning beam loses its ability to support the roof, and the voice goes from calls for help to coughin. Derleth barely dodges the debris, murmuring his thanks to Lliara, then takes a breath and charges through the smoke into the room beyond.

Huddled under a small table with a mattress propped at a slant against it, a young boy can be seen dimly through the smoke. One wall is already on fire, and the ceiling is smouldering, about to burst into flame itself. "Help!"

Bodan calls into the house, "Derleth, get out of there!"

Derleth bats the table aside and pulls the boy into his arms. "We be gettin' ye outta here, boy." He grunts, and coughs as he inhales smoke. "Take a deep breath an' cover yer face." Christof takes a deep breath, which sends him into a coughing fit, before shoving his face into the cleric's shoulder, grasping him about the neck. Derleth coughs as he takes another breath and charges back into the smoke, trying to make it out of the house as quickly as possible, his arms wrapped protectively around the youngster.

Two men run up beside Bodan, clothed in blue-over-yellow robes. The elder of the two, a white-haired man with a well-trimmed beard, calls out, "Back away, good people!" Both begin chanting immediately, holding medallions marked with a scroll and quill. Their spells bring forth a large amount of water above the building, which cascades down, extinguishing most of the fire. The bucket brigade moves closer, working on the flames still inside.

Derleth moves into the main room once more, and finds his path nearly clear. Some burning debris lies upon the floor before the door, but does not block the path. He does not stop to think about his goddess's favor, but chooses his path and runs free of the dying conflagration, not stopping until he is a good dozen strides away, where he runs nearly full tilt into Bodan. With the arrival of the village's own clerics, the fires are now under enough control to eliminate the danger of them spreading farther, but the two burning houses are already nearly a total loss.

Derleth pats young Christof's head, taking a deep breath of clean, cool air, soothing his singed lungs. "Ah've got ye, lad. Ah've got ye." he murmurs, kneeling as he sets the boy on the ground.

Bodan, is surprised by the collision, but recovers quickly. "Derleth, why--" He notices the boy in the cleric's arms and doesn't bother to finish the question. "You both all right?"

The boy stumbles, looking sick from the smoke, but his blonde head bobs once. "I'm...ok, Derleth sir," The boy gets up, though he's a little unsteady. He looks around the crowd, more and more frantic as he doesn't find what he's looking for. He turns back toward the burning houses, setting himself to run back in. "Mother!"

Derleth grabs the boy. "Nae, lad. If she be in there, then I'll get her, nae ye. Stay with the good paladin."

Bodan is quick to react, as well, grabbing the boy by the shoulders to keep him from putting himself in any more danger. "Me go... You stay with boy."

The boy fights Derleth's grasp a moment, before looking up at him, then the half orc, and back to the short cleric. "Go get her!" His eyes tear up, as he sobs. "Please, get her..."

Derleth nods to Bodan. "Aye. Ah may nae be able to carry her. Go!"

Bodan's warhammer vanishes from his hand as he rushes into the house, keeping his head low as he searches as quickly as he can. The house is better off, though one room still belches smoke into the common room. Fearing the worst, Bodan heads towards the flames, looking for any sign of life.

The mother's bedroom is engulfed in flames, the bed nothing but fire and ash. This appears to have been the source of the fire, for the walls are far more badly burnt than the rest of the building. Shards of glass sparkle in the flames, and the scents of burnt oil and baking flesh mingle with the wood smoke from the building - and one arm of a body can be seen sticking out from underneath a chunk of the ceiling that has already caved in. The paladin risks burns to heave up the slab, but it is far too late. He drops it again, and backs out of the room.

At that moment, Kiri flutters down, flapping his wings in Derleth's face, squeaking franticly.

One of the clerics pauses from the casting, and draws over to Derleth and the boy. He pauses, as he spots the bat, before asking, "Is the boy all right?"

Bodan turns, eyes watering, lung stinging and heads out the front door of the building. Coughing, he turns to the boy and says sadly, "Your suffering will not go unrewarded, boy, but ... your mother not be with you." The boy's tears turn into full-throated crying, and he clutches at Derleth.

Kiri flutters away for ten feet or so, then swings back and repeats the movement, squeaking excitedly.

Derleth flinches back before recognizing the bat. "The boy's fine, Father Terias." He blinks as the boy starts clawing at him, Bodan's words registering a moment later. His face goes ashen. "More or less. Take him, please, Father. Methinks that this battle has only begun..." he says, handing the boy to the other cleric.

Bodan, coughing, attempts to give comfort to the little one, though he knows nothing will help much for now.

The boy just crumples and clings to Father Terias, crying into the young priest's side. He nods. "I'll take him to the temple, to be safe. Oghma be with you." He lifts the boy tenderly and carries him off, Bodan following.

Derleth pulls his flail free from his belt. "Come on, Sir Bodan. We've yet some vampire's t' fry....." he grunts and starts off after Kiri.

Bodan turns with a start. "What?" He follows Derleth hastily.

---

Vane palms a small glass rod from his spell pouch. He brushes a bit of fur against it, as if fidgeting with his fingertips, while he murmurs the vocal component of the spell. His eyes remain on the vampire... and as the spell sparks to life, his right hand snaps up from his side, unleashing the stroke of electricity.

The bolt leaps from Vane's fingers, zigzagging down the street. However, the dwarf drops, the zigzagging bolt going over him and simply brushing the squat fellow, before grounding against a wall across the street. The bolt scorches it, but, no flames rise. Ebrek stands up, dusting himself off a moment, before snorting. "Ow."

Vane brings up his hand, brushing the fingertips together. "Your turn."

Kyrel gestures, and three bolts of green leap toward the vampire. The bolts streak in, catching Ebrek in the back, nearly knocking him over. He glares over his back at Kyrel, before raising his hand. Opening the palm, showing the grayish stone, before turning back to Vane and smirking. The dwarf then hurls it at Vane's feet, the air filling with an explosive sonic wave.

Kyrel repeats his gestures and another triplet of bolts flies across the gap and impacts the vampire.

Ebrek snarls, glancing over his shoulder as once more the bolts slam in, simply stinging. "Would ye _stop_ that! I'm busy!" He turns back to watch the elf, grinning lightly.

Vane sways visibly, then straightens. He licks his lip a moment, then reaches into his spell pouch after he surmises that the ringing won't be going away anytime soon. He tosses a handful of yellowish dust into the air. With a short incantation, it explodes into a ball of flame; he bats it savagely toward the vampire.

The dwarf lifts up his shield, and simply ducks beneath the blazing ball, letting it roll over it. He rises up, and keeps going, coming into a charge straight at the deafened wizard.

The vampire comes in strong, and, grinning fiercely, barrels into Vane, fist leading. Ebrek connects, crunching into Vane's stomach. The elf can feel his soul jerk and tear, as if being shredded slightly, the vampire's touch tearing at his very being.

Derleth's eyes widen as he charges towards the battle. He sees Vane stagger and moves to close with the vampire, casting a protective prayer as he charges. Bodan runs in just behind Derleth and looks around to take stock of the situation, noticing the weapon the dwarf carries. He stops for a moment and pulls on the red cord around his neck, bringing out a holy symbol of Ilmater. He murmers a quick prayer to protect him from evil this night, and then sprints towards the vampire.

Kyrel has one more Magic Missile spell left, and he sends it on its way toward the vampire as the others close in. The bolts streak in, hitting the dwarf in the back. "Stop it!" He glances up, noting the two rushing to aid. "Nae!" He cries, "This is me and the elf's fight!"

Derleth calls out, "Vane! Retreat!" since there's no real chance of catching the dwarf by surprise now....

Vane staggers but doesn't fall, only stumbles back several feet. "I hope it was worth it," he coughs, "You're going to burn for that bit of iron." He gestures with his fingers; the sphere bounces back toward the vampire's blind side.

Once more, the dwarf dodges away from the flaming ball, laughing. "Them pointy ears ain't helpin' much now, are they?" He glances up at the aproaching men, and raises his shield. The front starts to swirl with light, and grows brighter, before the surface of the shield explodes in light, bathing the area in searing illumination. His own eyes are protected behind his shield, and the dwarf draws his axe chuckling darkly.

Derleth instinctively shields his eyes before the blinding light washes over the four of them - cleric, paladin, mage, and familiar. When he uncovers his eyes, he sneers. "That was nae light. _This_ is light, undead fiend!" He opens his palm, bringing forth Lliara's holy fire once more.

The flaming bolt streaks in, striking the vampire even through the armor. Ebrek lets loose a roar of pain and anger, spitting in Derleth's direction. "Damn ye, holy man!"

Bodan yells out to the dwarf, "Me rid your soul of vile evil that take your body, and ease your suffering." He calls upon his holy strength to strike down the creature plagued with evil. His warhammer springs into being as he starts the double-stroke attack.

The dwarf sees the big orc coming, and swings his shield up, knocking the first blow aside. "Hah, ye damned orc-spawned rat!" He shifts, dodging the second blow as well, but stays within striking distance of the disabled wizard, and hammer-wielding half-orc.

Kyrel gestures and fades into invisibility. _Okay. If he'll just forget about me, maybe I can stick a stake in his back._

Vane stumbles back another few feet, moving himself away from the heat and the scent of burning hair. _Just a little longer... wait until my vision clears..._ He walks backwards a few more feet, once he's steadied himself.

The vampire spots Vane fleeing. "Cowardly excuse for a flower eater!" He turns to the paladin, and snarls. "This is my fight." Axe ready, he weaves in, swinging a low chop, then arcing up with a swing toward the paladin's shoulder.

THe first strike brings blood, biting into Bodan's thigh. The second doesn't connect, coming up too short. He snorts, moving out of range, glaring over at Vane.

As the vampire move towards Vane he exposes part of his back to Bodan who takes the opportunity to bring his warhammer around to attack, but the swing is unsuccessful, as the uncanny creature dodges.

Derleth snarls, grabbing a vial from his belt. "Ye fight one of us, bloodsucker, ye fight all of us!" he cries, flinging the vial at the dwarf....

Ebrek turns, and his eyes widen, bringing the shield up. The vial shatters against it, but the blessed water flows over the edge, and hitting the vampire square in the face. He roars again, the water scorching like acid.

Bodan calls out, "How do you destroy such a creature, me hammer can only reduce them to mist" as he steps up and continues his attacks on the vampire.

Ebrek spots the armor-clad warrior coming in, and dodges backwards, letting the first attack fall short, then ducking below the second. "Aye, but ye have ta hit first."

Kyrel searches through his bag of holding until he comes up with the sharpened stake he'd prepared for this eventuality. _Just take him down, folks, and we've got him._

Vane takes another few steps back, blinking as the fuzzy shapes resolve themselves again. He shakes his head a few times, and beckons the sphere back toward himself, with the other hand summoning a pair of shadowy darts to send toward the vampire.

The dwarf's luck with agility seems to have come to an end, as the flaming ball comes in close, and burns into his side. Or perhaps he fails to dodge because of the magic missiles striking into him from the front. He howls in anger, and, moving out of Bodan's range, charges toward Vane with his axe leading the way.

Bodan takes advantage of the dwarf's folly and leaps on him as he turns, holding him back and bringing him to the ground before he can make attack Vane. The dwarf is pulled up short, and wheels around, letting his blade speak for him. The axe bounces off Bodan's armor, just as the paladin lands on top of him. "Ahh! Get off me ye damned orc!"

Derleth grins as his paladin companion pins the foul dwarf. "Hold him, lad...."

Derleth reaches out as holy power sings in his brain, transmuting a prayer into healing energy....but not to heal. "Do yerself a favor and stay down, Edrek. This'll 'urt less if ye just accept yer final death...." he murmurs, reaching out with a glowing hand and laying it on the dwarf...

Bodan struggles with the vampire, trying to pin him, so the cleric can touch him easily. The positive energy flows into the vampire's body, ripping at the negative power that permeates his being. He screams, but laughs at the same time, for his form is already becoming mist, and Bodan drops to the ground as the vapor flows around him, reforming to drift into the air.

Derleth spits. "Damme! Ah was hoping....ah, tis nae good naew. He's gone."

Bodan lands on the ground, rolls over looking up into the cloud of mist only to watch it float away. "Did we win?"

Vane coughs a little, and shakes his head. "Not exactly..."

Derleth shakes his head. "Nae. We'll need t' find his coffin and kill him there, in order t' put him daewn, ah fear."

Kyrel curses as the creature gets away, fading back into view as he sends a lightning bolt through the cloud of mist.

Bodan says, "How would we do that? "

Derleth says, "They say, a stake through 'is 'eart, sever the head, an' fill the mouth with a holy substance....wolfsbane, er holy water." He looks over at Vane solemnly. "'Ow are ye?"

Bodan ponders this, slowly. "Oh. Where can me get stakes?"

Folk drift over to the group, attracted by the commotion and the spells going off now that the fires are under control.

Kyrel picks up the one he dropped when he cast the lightning bolt and hands it to Bodan. "Here. Good thing to have around when dealing with vampires."

Vane wanders across the street and picks up his hat. He dusts it off, and settles it back on his head, tipping it back a little. He squints a bit, looking at the cleric's mouth, then touches his ear and shakes his head.

Bodan takes the stake and places it in his belt. His warhammer vanishes from his hand before he stands up and dusts himself off. "What now?"

Kyrel says, "Now we find out where he's lairing. He'll be a while recuperating from this."

Derleth sighs and steps over to Vane, his hands flaring with that same healing light from before, this time to do its true purpose and heal the battered elf....laying hands on his forehead and his worst wounds....

Bodan says, "How we plan on finding? And what of other two me turn into mist tonight? We need to do same to them, eh?"

Vane sits back against the post holding up the roof of a nearby building's porch. "Thank you. As unpleasant as that was, it proves a theory."

Bodan says, "What that be?"

Derleth doesn't hear the rest of what Vane said for a moment. He's astounded the elf even thanked him. Finally, he shakes off his surprise and asks, "Aye, what that be?" after the half-orc.

Kyrel calls Kiri down and casts a protection from cold on him before sending him out again. _Try to find out where he's going... don't get too close, though, and if he reforms, beat it._

Vane says, "He's less powerful than he wishes to appear. He can be goaded. I knew he'd target me after our conversation... he's not the master vampire he wishes us to think he is. He's simply the worst of dwarven nature. A bully, and a coward. If he were as strong as he implied... I would not be alive now. He's hiding behind threats and hostages. And outright lies."

Kyrel says, "That armor he wears complicates things, though. Hard to stick stakes in him through iron."

Derleth mmmms and nods absently. "A question. Daed e' say why e' were so hard up about the dammned axe n' all?"

Bodan says, "Can beat those things other ways, or just stakes?"

Vane says, "He claimed that it was because it has sentimental value. A baldfaced lie."

Derleth says absently to Bodan. "Fire. Or sunlight."

Kyrel says, "Aye. I'm surprised they were _using_ fire. Unusual for a vampire."

Bodan turns away, thinking. He begins to pace back and forth in the street, holding his chin, his blood red cloak swaying back and forth with his long strides.

Vane says, "He took the gem from a wizard. Kyrel, have you bothered to look for magical traces on the gem?"

Derleth says, "Daed the axe b'long tae him, then?"

Vane says, "He claims he forged it himself."

Kyrel says, "Yes, I have. Nothing obvious, but it could be hidden under a Nystul's aura if it was a high-level wizard. I still want to reconstruct the weapon to see what happens."

Derleth considers that.....he seems to be trying to recall something....and frowns when he has trouble remembering.

Bodan mumbles for a while before perking up, "Got it. We have to hold him down. All you help me, and someone chain him up and remove armor. _Then_ we can burn him or stake him or put him in sun."

Vane coughs again, standing up unsteadily. Kai scuttles out the shadowed alley he'd been observing the fight from, and scrambles onto the elf's sleeve, licking his cheek. Vane absently pets his familiar's ears. "Spoken like a true half-orc. As it stands, however... that may be the best plan."

Kyrel looks distracted as he tracks Kiri's flight. "Uh-oh.. another bat. Must be the vampire or one of his minions." His face gets a worried look. "He's being chased. I want to go meet him. Anyone coming with me?"

Vane says, "I'll go, brother. Come on."

Bodan nods, "and me."

Kyrel leads the way his familiar went, at a run.

Derleth says, "I'll stay back, just in case. An 'elp the villagers with their dead...."