_According to Katya, it was no more then an hour's ride to the Frozen Axe Clan's cave, but night would soon be upon them, and it was very unlikely that the giants would offer guests a place to sleep. It would be better to have a full day to talk and travel back. Accordingly, camp was set up as twilight neared. A trio of lone trees made a good shelter beneath the softly falling snow. Tents already house the two mages, sleeping or studying their books, or whatever it is mages do. Katya had announced she was off to hunt, but had suggested someone going in the oposite direction to hunt would be at least useful._

Derleth is in the process of rubbing down Platinum as the horse munches on some oats in his feedbag. He glances over at Sara. "Ah dinnae suppose ye have any experience at hunting, d'ye?"

Not being the hunting type, Sara begins settling in an area that she would call her own for the night. Eventually coming to the conclusion that that leaves only Derleth to go hunting she begins to get her stuff together, ready for her new found hunting duties. "Not really Derleth, but I'm not letting you go out there alone. Come on, if we are going to do this," she sighs, "We best get started."

Derleth blinks, a bemused look on his face. "An' why would ye be doing that, lassie? Ah mean...eh..." he scratches the back of his head as he looks away, hiding a blush. "Just because I be a priest, doesnae mean ah canna take care of myself...not to be saying yer presence wouldnae be welcome, I mean...." He trails off, words lost to him at the moment.

Sara, without so much as a smirk on her face, says "Well, I don't think he" she motions to Platinum, "is going to be much help out there. Let's be off."

Derleth clears his throat. "Aye, twas just seeing t' his needs before I went trompin' int' the woods...he doesnae much like this climate, and as any good mate would, ah make sure ah do what ah can t' make it palatable, so's he doesn't start taking out his irritation on me..." He clears his throat again, and, seeing that Sara has her mind set on accompanying him, he says, "Ah, well...lets be off then." He strokes Platinum's mane. "Keep watch, m' friend."

Sara heads off into the dark woods with Derleth in tow, "Keep back, just in sight of me, I'll move quietly ahead sneaking up on anything we can find but I'll need you and your crossbow to bring down any smaller prey and I should be able to chase down anything of decent size once you've hit it with a bolt or two."

Derleth blinks. "Ah...lady, I have no crossbow. Only me sling here. Aye, and I be a good shot wi' it, but..."

Sara tosses Derleth a small crossbow, 'Here, got it from Kaz before we left. I'll sneak up on them, circle around and you take your shot. They should run right towards you.'"

Derleth arches an eyebrow, inspecting the weapon. "Sure, and that sounds like a plan t'me. Ah kin only take down small game with me sling."

Sara stalks into the dark woods in search of some prey, treading softly through the snow. Peering about she continues, glancing back every few steps to make sure that Derleth is still within sight as the two continue onward.

Not far away, through a break in the trees, a wide stretch of ice runs across the ground. Beneath the thick ice runs a steady flow of water.

Sara signals for Derleth to come forward. When he catches up to her she points out the ice covered river. "Well, which direction does your lady luck say we should head?"

Derleth scratches the stubble on his chin, considering. "The Lady doesnae always offer such insight fer things ah could well do meself. But..." He absently touches his medallion, murmuring a mantra to Lliara. "Question is, whether or not that ice tis safe enou' t' cross."

Sara says, "Well, you sure you want to test the waters, as it were, or should we follow along the bank?"

Derleth says, "Ah, along t' bank for now. The grass always _looks_ greener on th' other side, but looks can be deceiving, aye?"

Sara says, "Right... we'll go...' she glances in both directions then points to her right, 'This way. But we should mark where we decided to follow so we can find our way back.'"

Derleth nods. "Aye, ye have the right of it." He looks around, finding a few stones, and puts them in a small pile. "There. Off we go then."

Sara takes a dagger and throws it into a nearby tree. "Right, let's be off." She sticks close to the tree line, hoping to use it for cover should she spot anything ahead as she moves carefully, and quietly forward.

Unfortunately, it seems that most things have either found a place to hide for the night, or perhaps for the winter. Eventually, the river begins to make a turn toward the west. Further north, a copse of dead trees jut up around a rising rock formation, not really a mountain, but the edge of a ridge.

Sara continues to the north, towards the ridge. She continues to glance back, making sure Derleth is still in sight and is doing all right.

Derleth is still there and well, though seeming to avoid looking right at Sara's back, instead looking around and past her. He clutches the crossbow loosely, seeming quite relaxed, if not happy.

The closer one gets to the ridge, the darker the area gets. Twilight has already set in, the moon visible over the snow-cloaked mountains to the east. Without a light-source, all that is left to illuminate the scene are the celestial pinpoints of the stars.

Seeing how relaxed Derleth seems just reinforces her contempt with this task. Used to hunting people, and certainly not for food, Sara's mind begins to drift a bit and she begins wandering, not realizing how dark it is getting.

Derleth seems to notice this, and quietly moves to intercept her, intent on making sure he doesn't disturb any hidden game while doing so...but it will take a moment, as there is a good distance between them.

The dead trees yield no prey, their needleless branches rising into the sky like skeletons reaching for repentance to the gods. As the rocky wall grows closer, a paticularly dark spot can be seen, not far off from their path, sinking into the earthen stone surface.

Sara finds a large rock to slump down on, obviously discouraged. She waits for Derleth to catch up to her again.

Derleth walks up to Sara, murmuring. "This is why Ah typically buy my food in such a miserable climate. Ah'm not a professional hunter, but ah can usually do better than this back home..."

Sara nods, "Yeah, I've never hunted food... only people. There is a reason I commisioned this ring." She lifts her left hand indicating a ring under her winter glove, "All the travel in hunting people leaves me little time to hunt food. With this I don't have to worry aoubt it and it will even let me travel through most of the night. I was hired to watch out for you, didn't know it would include feedn' ya!" She gives Derleth a quick smile.

Sara in a quickened and hushed tone she drops into a crouch from the rock she sits on and points, "There Derleth.. some poor thing moves through the cold land, we may have your food yet."

Derleth is saved from replying to the warrioress's previous comment, and he murmurs thanks to Lliara as he looks where she point, crouchnig as well. "What is it?"

Sara, still pointing, murmurs, "There, that small spot of snow near the base of the rock wall. Looks like an opening, a cave perhaps, can't make it out in this dark but I know something moved..."

A spot of snow starts to ripple, before it's pushed aside. A small white canid head pokes from the tunnel, pushing away the newly fallen snow. The fox turns its head, then notices the humans so close to its den. The arctic vulpine skitters back into its tunnel at the sight.

Derleth says, "Well, d'ya think we should try to corral the fella in his own den?"

Sara says, "Depends on if you think Katya has had any luck, and what your stomach says."

Derleth chuckles wryly. "I've had worse n' dried rations b'fore...and ah trust Wyvernjack's skill more than ah trust me luck on such a small thing. Still...tis worth a shot..."

Sara says, "Then creep in and I'll be right behind you."

Derleth ponders the cave a moment. "Maybe n' we should be checking out the cave first. A fox is nae real danger, but something nasty could be livin in there."

Sara nods, then glances around making sure she knows what direction they came from in case of a need for a quick retreat.

Derleth points the crossbow up, squinting into the cave. He picks up a rock, chants a simple orison to his goddess, and watches it flare up with light. He then tosses the rock into the cave and tightens his grip of the crossbow.

Sara swings her spiked chain from her back, ready for action, and begins to slowly advance upon the cave.

The light source skitters into the cave, bounces off a pile of rocks and goes out of view, hidden but still visible as a glow off the rock walls.

Derleth walks forward with Sara at his side, peering into the dimly lit darkness....

White radiance reflects off the loose stones. The cave, beyond its initial entrance, appears to be a worked tunnel, with tell-tale signs of dwarven mining, opening up into a small chamber. The room looks like it had been hit by a tornado. The wooden beams that support the roof are either scorched or decayed and rotten. A pile of rocks and shattered timber against a wall suggest a cave-in. Rock walls show burn marks on their surfaces. The glowing stone has settled beside something odd, the light reflecting off its surface.

Derleth blinks and walks forward, still holding the crossbow firmly, kneeling down by this reflecting object.

Metal, worked by a smith of exceptional skill, greets Derleth's inspection of the stone floor. An axe head of beautiful, if dark, craftmanship lies upon the floor, covered in dust. Its blade is ridged with jagged claws and spurs, appearing like teeth upon the curve. The crosspiece has demonic eyes and features, and sprouting from the other side are two elongated spikes, resembling horns. The axe head is connected to a rotting stick, the haft snapped less then half way down, the wood decaying.

Derleth stares at it, but does not touch it. Motioning Sara forward, he clutches at his medallion and casts a spell to detect evil upon the axeblade.

Sara walks over, "Oooh... that's interesting. Hey you don't think..." She get a little sparkle in her eyes. "You don't think we've stumbled on.. This could be fun. Let's see what's left down here."

Derleth stands, picking up the axe blade and stuffing it by its broken hilt into his belt. "Aye, could be." He takes the glowing stone and holds it up, trying to illuminate more of the cave.

Sara says, "Grab your rock and lets see what we can find," as she walks towards the wall to her right, looking further down the wall.

Nothing much is left in the blasted chamber. The rock pile that signals a tunnel's collapse does seem oddly further out, and piled a tad too high, while dropping off on the sides. Near the front, and top, of the extended rock-pile's lump, the light catches something red and shiny.

Sara says, "What do ya think Derleth, grave or a trap?"

Derleth steps forward, trying to get a better look at the bit of red he saw. "It looks like someone went to some trouble to close this off, or at least make it look like it's closed off..."

The red bit seems to be peeping out from beneath a fat rock. Derleth says, "Can you push that rock out of the way without touching this one? Your chain won't do it, but something... My flail is too clumsy, and I don't have a pole."

Sara says with a smile, "Oh, I'm sure I could knock it out of the way with my chain. I'd suggest you get out of the cave and I'll make a run for it if anything bad should come of it."

Derleth says, "Oh, I don't think anything that bad will 'appen from that. Ah just dinnae wanna get too close."

Derleth spreads his hands. "By yer leave, Sara."

Sara says, "Well, stand as far back as ya like then." She then takes aim with her chain, waiting for Derleth to give her the sign before swinging her chain looking to knock the rock off of the shiny red object.

The chain clanks across the stone. Sparks of electricity crackle, as the rock rolls off. Poking up from the pile of debris is a red gem, set into the end of an inch of rotting wood, sticking up from the pile at a slight slant.

Sara creeps up on the the ge,m inspecting it wouthout touching, pondering how to get it out. She says, "Well, Derleth, from the little I know of magic, red gems usually suggest fire and by the looks of this place... No gain without risk, eh?" Sara begins to kick aside the small rocks around the outside of the pile contemplating the best way to dig through the whole pile without disturbing the contents.

Rocks start to roll and fall, and the whole front of the pile just scatters. At Sara's feet, is the helmeted head and shoulders of a buried, and armored, figure, by the shape and stature looking like a dwarf. There's a few bits of debris in the way, but it looks like the gem, connected to a haft, is sticking up from the dwarf's back, at a large slant. The setting of the gem is dark onyx, three claw-like prongs holding the red stone on the haft.

Derleth's eyes glitter at the mention of gain. "Aye, lassie. That be one of the tenets of the faith. Lets just nae be uncautious about it, aye?" He steps forward and helps clear away some more rocks.

Sara simply grabs the haft that the gem is connected to and pulls it from the dwarf's body.

The haft gives some resistance, but it comes free with a scrape of metal and the sound of snapping. At Derleth's further brushing, the dwarf's back is exposed, a hole in the plate showing where the haft was lodged, and the shine of bleached bone is visible beneath the armor.

Derleth holds up his glowrock as he examines the corpse. "One wonders if the dwarves were the ones that sealed this cave...or if someone sealed up the dwarves."

By the looks of it, the dwarf, from the hips down, was caught in the tunnel's collapse, and pinned beneath the tumble of rock.

Using the haft Sara begins to scatter the remains of the dwarf looking for anything of use, "The walls appear to be dwarven work.. I'd say it was an old Dwarven clan or something. I hear they used to be around these parts." Nothing else of value presents itself, except for the fine workmanship of the dwarf's armor.

Derleth says, "Aye, lass. But that doesnae answer the question. Or even why th' cave was sealed."

Sara says, "Be willing to bet he's about the only one who knows at this point. And he doesn't seem willing to talk."

Derleth hmmms. "Ah dinnae have a spell ready at me fingertips...but if he's nae dead too long, maybe ah _can_ make th' dead talk...then again, ah dinnae speak dwarven, so if he dinnae speak Common, might make asking questions a bit hard."

Sara bends down inspecting the armor. "Maybe there are some markings or something that will give us a clue."

Derleth looks to see if he can take a piece of the armor with him. He says, "Aye, me thought exactly, Sara," and actually manages a grin at the female warrior.

By the looks of the armor, and the lack of any meat on the dwarf's bones, despite the preserving cold of the region, he's long dead. A scrap of a shoulder plate, having been dented and scratched by weapon, breaks loose.

Sara becomes disinterested in the armor and begins inspecting the walls closely. Scorch marks, mold, and dust adorn the walls, but no passages or anything of remote interest makes itself known.

Derleth takes the shoulderplate and puts it in his large beltpouch. He then looks back at the rocks, as if trying to see if he can tell just how many feet of rock there are to dig through, just by look alone. The wall of the cave-in blocks the tunnel further in from sight, only cracks and gaps in the pile are visible.

Derleth says, "Mebbe we should come back with Kyrel r' Vane and have them magick the rocks out, hmm?"

Sara nods, "Could be well worth our efforts." She adds, "Interesting. The scorch marks on the wall suggest explosions or fire coming from deeper in the cave. Perhaps it wasn't an attack but instead something gone wrong down there that made all of this. Some of the dwarf's armor looks as if it had been touched by the fire that dropped the room."

Derleth says, "Aye? Then why there be the remains of battle an' a weapon in this puir fella's back?"

Sara shrugs, "Things do get thrown around during explosions. I don't know and I'm not about to figure it out standing here. Let's get back to camp and see if Katya found some food for ya and let the others know of this place."

Derleth says, "Well...lets see if we canna get that fox out, first."

"Go right ahead, I'll watch" Sara says with a smile.

Derleth tromps out of the cave, going over to the fox burrow and peering in with the aid of the glowrock.

The illumination only goes a foot or so down, untill the hole turns a curve under the ground, away from Derleth. Just a hole.

Derleth throws the rock into the hole, and then raises Kaz's crossbow.

A yip comes from inside, but nothing else.

Derleth hmmms. He then reaches into a pouch and pulls out the ring he won from the game, and examines it to see if it has any command words written on it. Upon the inside, is inscribed the word 'Clever'.

Derleth glances up at Sara, and hands her the crossbow. "Hold this a moment." He slips the ring onto his finger and murmurs, "Clever."

Derleth's body shrinks, his skin, the armor, everything seeming to melt into white, and in moments the cleric's standing position is a small, white fox.

Sara stares at what was Derleth just a moment ago and then chuckles, "So, how do you expect to shoot the fox while you are one yourself?" She laughs, "Or do you plan on seducing it out?"

Derleth tries talking, to see if normal speech or foxtalk comes out.

A string of yips and murring barks sputter from the fox's mouth.

Sara says, "Awww.. you're so cute. Maybe I should capture you and keep you all to myself."

Derleth grrrrrs.

Sara forces the question through the laughter, "Do you do tricks?!"

Sara still laughing, "Okay, seriously though, go seduce your food or whatever you expect to do in there. I'd like to get back soon.

Derleth shakes his head and manages to change back to himself. "Nae more jokes at me expense, lassie. Ah'm tryin' t' get us supper. Still, ye make a valid point. An' if the fox looks just like me, ye might shoot me instead iff'n ah manage t' chase it out."

Sara chuckles, "Ta get _you_ supper you mean. You're the hungry one remember?" She sits back against a tree folding her arms waiting to see how Derleth is going to pull this off.

Sara says, "I'm no animal expert but wouldn't it try to chase you out of its den if you tried to enter? That'd give me a chance to shoot it or grab it or some such."

Derleth says, "Aye, but ye might shoot me by accident. Ah'm nae especially distinguishable as a fox. So, let us be heading back then. Tis nae worth the trouble. Ah kin eat nuts an dried fruit iff'n it comes to that."

Derleth looks at Sara, as if remembering something. "Scuse me a moment..." he saysm suddenly turning back into the fox and climbing into the burrow.

Sara smirks and shakes her head at the priest.

Derleth reappears a moment later, carrying the stone he had enspelled with magical light in his mouth, and reverts back to normal. "Right, lass. Off we go then."

The smell of roasting rabbit fills the air, as Sara and Derleth near the camp. Katya is already tending to the cooking. Kaz sits beside the fire, attempting to get warm. Looking up from the flames, giving Sara and Derleth a curious eye, the ranger calls out, "Find anything worth eating?"

Derleth smiles wryly. "Not unless ye count foxes and gems and axeheads."

Sara walks over to her previously claimed spot and get ready to settle for the night, "Or dwarf corpses..." She adds.

Kyrel says, "Never tried eating axeheads. Sounds a bit hard on the teeth."

Vane remains silent, huddled up almost completely into his overcoat, hat tipped down enough to hide his face.

Kyrel says, "What did the dwarf die of?"

Derleth says, "An axe. Or maybe it was all the rocks that fell on him."

Sara says, "We found a cave that might be worth investigating. The axe head Derleth found looked to be in good shape even after the years it had apparently been sitting there by the looks of the dwarf corpse. The cave looked to be worked by dwarves and could go down into what might have been a settlement at one point. You guys game to check it out? It may take a little digging."

Vane says, "Elves don't walk underground. Well. Proper elves, at any rate. I'm no miner."

Katya sits up a little straighter. "Axe head, you say? Let me have a look."

Derleth goes over to check on Platinum, petting his muzzle. "Aye, but ye have spells that might get us past the rockfall. Me goddess dinna think t' equip her priests wi' similar enchantments.

Kyrel chuckles. "You're just lucky enough to be hanging around with an elf who likes explosions."

Vane says, "I hardly expect your goddess concerns herself with rocks that aren't of monetary value."

Derleth grins. "Ah, but that tis just the point, spell-slinger. There perhaps, be gems in that cave similar t' the one we already found."

Vane says, "Ah. There's the explanation, then."

Sara says, "Exactly, It's the rocks that _are_ of monetary value that we might just find however" Sara flashes the haft, showing the red gem set within it.

Katya crosses her arms, waiting impatiently. "The axe, if you could?"

Vane hms. He lifts his head enough for the gem to reflect in the face of one of his lenses, then tips his head forward again. "If that's what the rest of you wish to do, then I'll help."

Derleth gives the axehead to Katya. "Ye think ye might recognize it, Wyvernjack?"

She takes the head, inspecting the dark smith-work. The axe resembles the head of a demon; blade lined with spurs and hooks to appear like teeth, the middle set with infernal eyes and features, twin spikes rising from the other end, in appearance similar to horns. "It's beautiful work; like most of the weapons to be found with the savage tribes and in the dead mines...But," Her eyes narrow, noting a small etching of runes along the blade. Lips move as she reads, before murmuring, "Blood-letter."

Derleth arches an eyebrow. "Ye can read those runes? What language d' they be?"

"Dwarven."

Derleth blinks. "So _'twas_ the dwarves what made this. That raises an interesting question, then."

Kyrel says, "And that is?"

Nodding her head, the ranger glances up. "Indeed; dwarves aren't much for demons. And despite the fact they enjoy sinking their axe in an enemy, this doesn't seem like the dwarve style of weapon naming."

Vane says, "Which leads one to a logical conclusion."

Derleth says, "Oh, Vane? I be thinking tis not so simple. But what is the conclusion ye come to, might I ask?"

Vane says, "Duergar. Even dwarves can be corrupt.

Kyrel says, "Or corrupted..."

Derleth says, "True. On th' other hand, they could be ordinary mountain dwarves forced t' make weapons for some unholy captors..."

Katya furrows her brows. "No word of Duergar in this region, ever. And ya, dwarves can be corrupt; a few dark souls in the clan. No need to be bringing the Greybeards into this."

Vane says, "They could be. But that would rather needlessly and baselessly complicate the hypothesis."

Derleth says, "I say it be worth checking into, gems or no gems. Our patron gave us time, I see no harm in indulging ourselves."

Kyrel raises a sardonic eyebrow. "You never do, until the villagers are chasing you with pitchforks..."

Derleth groans, his face flushing slightly. "Ye are ne'er going t' let me ferget that, are ye, Kyrel. Ah, told ye, twas completely an accident."

Kyrel chuckles at Derleth. "It always is. I'm just not as sanguine as you are about indulging myself on a job."

Nodding, Katya sets the blade aside. "Indeed. Though, no mention of the dwarves ever having problem with Duergar, or fiends, for that matter... But, most of the clan that was here died out, or left all together."

Kai chitters from the wizard's pocket. The mage hisses, "And that is _enough_ out of _you_. You wouldn't know the scientific method if it bit your tail off."

Derleth laughs. "Tis great fun to see a familiar talk back t' his wizard..."

Vane arches a brow. "No mention of the--" He laughs, incredulously. "My dear Ranger, I have some volumes of history at home that I think you'd find edifying."

Sara quietly chuckles at the group as she sits off a ways listening to their conversation. She wraps herself in her blankets, closes her eyes and drifts off to sleep.

One brow raises, but the woman makes no comment to Vane. Kaz shifts, eyeing the roasting meal, before glancing at the blade, whistling. "Now that," the half-elf intones, "Will fetch a fair price."

Vane takes his familiar from his pocket, and scratches behind his ears with a fingertip, smiling a secretive little half-smile. He tips his hat down again.

Derleth says, "Well? Are we going t' go there or nae? Would ye gents fergive yerselves if we possibly left dwarven slaves t' the tender mercies of their captors?"

Vane says, "You have a remarkably active imagination, Derleth."

Kyrel says, "Well, when you put it that way, I suppose we should check."

Vane sighs, exasperated, "Kyrel. Not you too..."

Derleth rolls his eyes. "Well, now, it just goes against me grain t' leave a mystery unsolved. Could be important, lads. But..." He holds up his hands. "If I'm out voted, I'll abide by ye're decision."

Kiri chirps from under Kyrel's tunic. "Kiri thinks underground would be warmer."

"Well, either way," Katya breaks in, "Let's not go about it tonight. In the morn we inspect this cave of yours, and this whole dwarven distress business." Her tone skeptical. "Either way, we're to be finding the Frozen Axe clan on the morrow, and a day's travel ahead. So let's sup and sleep?"

Derleth considers. "Aye, twould be prudent, I expect."

Kyrel says, "Sounds like a plan. Perhaps we should stop by this cavern on the way back from the giants."

Vane lies back on his bedroll, curling up; his familiar insinuates himself under his chin. "Do as you like... we'll cause the necessary conflagrations, whatever you decide upon."

The sun peeks up over the snow-covered peaks of high mountains in the distance. Though its rays are warm, the bitter cold keeps snow firmly where it is. Katya is up, covering up the remains of the fire, having long since buried the remains of the hare. The night had been uneventful, in spite of the moan of the wind and the distant howl of wolves in the darkness.

Vane sits alone, hat and glasses beside him, familiar dozing across his shoulders, scratching softly at his spellbook and muttering rhythmically to himself.

Derleth gets up and does his normal holy ritual to Lliara, murmuring thanks as the goddess grants him his priestly powers. He then gets up and feeds Platinum an apple.

Kaz is slow to rise, grumbling absently but his usual self. Stretching, searching through his pack, "Does any object to taking trail rations, instead of hunting for morning meal?"

Sara, having been up for quite a while, finishes her morning practice with her chain. Already packed she simply wraps herself in her winter blanket waiting for the others to be ready to head out.

Kyrel is the last one up, having done his own spell maintenance during his watch. He feeds Kiri some leftover scraps of the previous night's rabbit and gives Maya a quick rubdown.

Katya, walking her horse toward the edge of camp, looks up. "Are we to be heading to this cave, or the Giants' Clan, first? I think it best to be going to the Clan, to get this business finished, and start home, hm?"

Kyrel says, "That would be my preference, as well."

Kai stretches and yawns, and rubs his head against his wizard's cheek. Vane smiles quietly, passing the ferret a bit of food, and replaces his wide-brimmed hat and glasses. Closing his spellbook, it vanishes as the leaves slap closed.

Vane says, "Let's be done with this."

Derleth nods. "Aye, twould make the most sense. The corpse is nae going to get up and leave."

Kyrel secures his gear to Maya's saddle before swinging himself up. "One would hope not, at any rate."

Vane glances at the priest. He's about to say, "You don't know that." But he catches himself, and remains silent, replacing his scarf and transferring familiar to pocket. He saddles up his horse.

Derleth mounts Platinum, petting his mane. "Are we off, then?"

Kaz finds his own horse, and nods. "Let's be going."

The ride is not long, only an hour or so. Though, as a high mountain comes to view, Katya straightens up. She takes from her belt a throwing axe, turning it to catch sunlight. She waves the weapon twice, before she reholsters it. "Now," she states, "I would hope you plan on negotiating; twould not be well that the Giant-friend be bringing enemies into the Giants' caves."

Vane says, "Don't insult us."

Kyrel says, "We are neither thieves nor that stupid. We certainly _hope_ to trade for what we seek."

Derleth says, "So says the elf that lives t' throw fire."

Vane says, "I don't need to hire a _guide_ to wield fire. Use your head."

"If I were to insult you," she replies, "You would not need to inform me not to. They can be provoked; I'm trying to still any hostility before hand."

Derleth says, "Sure, n' we have nae reason t' hate giants, do we lads?"

Kyrel says, "What, in particular, would provoke them?"

"Threats, harsh words..." She shrugs. "Kholodnaya is wise and a good leader, but proud."

Derleth clears his throat. "Duly noted, Lady Wyvernjack."

"Just doing what a _guide_ does."

Derleth winces. "Now, lady, there's no need t' fling yer wit at me..." he says timidly.

Katya tsks, "Was not meant for you."

Vane smiles sweetly.

As the group nears the mountain, a large cave opens in a cliff, some twenty feet from the valley floor, and not too suitable for horses to climb. When they are still about a hundred feet from the cave, a large, pale-blue skinned male steps from the cave. Draped in the furs of large predators, he comes down, approaching the party. Katya says, "He'll take the horses."

Derleth hesitates, and then nods. "Dinnae give the large one any trouble, boy." he murmurs in Platinum's ear, giving his mount the appropriate vocal command to allow himself to be led.

The ranger slides from her horse, and as the giant approaches, his heavy foot-falls sending snow in ripples, she gathers the reins up. The giant takes them, nodding lightly after sweeping a look over the group. His free hand spreads, waiting for others to follow the guide's lead.

Kyrel takes a small pack from his mount, then hands the reins to the giant.

Sara dismounts, handing over her mount and follows closely behind.

Vane steps from his horse, and brushes the frost from his overcoat.

Derleth follows, looking about with interest.

Kaz follows suit. Katya starts toward the cave, beginning up the steep, before a giantess steps from the cave entrance, gazing downward. "Katya! I were expecting you..." Eyes lift to those following, and calls something down. The words are quite similar to those spat by the ogres, before. Katya nods, and gestures. "They come to speak with you."

_Kholodnaya is big, even for a giantess, standing over 12 feet tall. She has pale blue skin and long blonde hair, with a face attractive by human standards and the musculature of a fighter. She does not appear to mind the cold at all, wearing a brief skirt and half-top of fur as well as furred boots. Her cloak is flung back so as not to impede her movements._

Vane remains silent, toward the rear of the group. He leaves the introductions to the more gregarious of the party, and keeps his own counsel.

A bit comforted by the greeting Sara stands back calmly, waiting to see how the group will enact their business transaction.

Derleth makes a hand gesture to Kyrel as if to ask, _Do you want to be the spokesman or should I?_

Kyrel bows respectfully. "Gospazha Kholodnaya. We are here to make a small but, we hope, mutually beneficial trade."

Derleth breathes a sigh of relief.

The giantess regards Kyrel, before looking over the rest, sizing them up. After a moment, a brief nod is given. "Come in, we will talk," She announces, a slight hand gesture into the cave, before turning, disappearing inside. Without missing a beat, the ranger continues up the slope.

Derleth murmurs to the ranger. "Good so far?"

Katya looks over her shoulder, and waves her hand. "Of course; you don't see boulders streaking down from higher up, do you? Now follow."

Derleth smiles wryly. "Sure, an' that _would_ be a stunning indication o' displeasure." He follows.

Sara sticks close to Derleth, following up the slope.

Kyrel mutters to Kiri as he walks up the slope just behind Katya. "And _you_ stay put. The last thing we need is for them to decide we're spies."

Vane follows behind his brother, overcoat flowing behind.

Katya leads into a large central chamber, with several tunnels leading from it. The room is decked with tables and chairs fit for a giant to sit at, and one small table, for more diminutive visiters. Kholodnaya herself settles onto a large chair chiseled from polished stone, with patterns of snowflakes, icicles, axes, mountains, and other designs, images of the harsh land. Off to one side is an enormous statue, depicting a powerful looking Frost Giant, hefting a hammer that looks too large even for his stature and build. One blue hand waves to the table, as the Jarl straightens. "Please, be seated. Katya, I believe we should put their business before reports." The giant's common is smooth and well mannered.

Derleth murmurs under his breath, "Aye. Will wonders ne'er cease."

Vane seats himself as indicated, removing his hat and folding his hands over it on his lap.

Kholodnaya clears her throat. "Pardon me. I should introduce myself. I am Kholodnaya, as you have obviously been told. I am Jarl of the Frozen Axe clan, daughter of Bedeknifin, Mighty Cold Hammer." Her eyes shift toward the statue. "Welcome to my clan's home, and, please, state this trade." Katya nods, then turns to Kyrel. "If you would?" she asks.

Kyrel keeps his face carefully bland at the mention of reports, and sits at the invitation. "Thank you, milady." He clears his throat, pausing for just a moment before he begins. "We are here to acquire a pair of winter-wolf cubs for a collector, and Katya suggested that we speak to you about a simple trade, rather than try to capture cubs from a wild pack. We could offer payment in goods, cash, or services, whichever you would be most interested in."

An odd, surprised expression finds the large woman. "Truly? That is what you came here for?" She chuckles, and despite that it is low, the boom of her voice carries it about. "Tis one problem, good merchant. There are no pups; the females are to be in heat, soon enough, but they give brood near to spring." Her hand raises, "Are you wanting a breeding pair, or just two in general?"

Derleth shifts from foot to foot, absently noting that, unless she makes a low bid, paying with money is out of the question.

Kyrel chuckles to himself. "That figures." He nods at the second question. "Our patron desires a breeding pair, yes."

Again she looks at Kyrel curiously, but makes no comment. "We do have two mating pairs, thus it would be possible to breed them. The young ones will come to their first heat soon but..." She considers. "I would have to talk to them, and see if they refuse. Believe me; we do not need _more_, and I would enjoy lending them off, but I cannot, if they do not agree."

Derleth whistles. "Now _that_ would be an interesting conversation, aye."

The giant's eyes shift to Derleth. "How so? They speak giant better then an ettin, at least, and on equal intelligence of a human..." She leaves off the rest of her comment, leading Katya to a smirk.

Derleth blushes. "er, Lady, ah dinna mean offense. I was merely speaking t' the nature of the conversation. Not many species are amicable t' giving away their young."

Kyrel smiles. "I've known plenty of humans who wouldn't challenge a normal wolf in intelligence."

Vane smiles softly.

The giantess chuckles, "I were not speaking of the parents, but the litters. They can speak for themselves." She nods. "If you do not mind, I will ask them now?"

Kyrel says, "Certainly."

Rising from her chair, the Frost Woman walks into one of the passages to the left. Standing in the opening of a tunnel, near the back, one sentry keeps his arms crossed, watching with dark, narrowed eyes.

Derleth breathes a second sigh of relief. "This tis going much better than I would have expected...then again, ah have little experience with giant kin...."

Kyrel says, "Assuming that a couple of cubs are feeling adventurous enough to come along with us..."

Vane says, "Many of them are quite reasonable. They take their character from their environ, remember."

Derleth says, "Let us be sure they're in good health. I'd nae care t' be sneezed upon by a frost pup."

Kyrel chuckles. "That wouldn't be a good thing, no."

After several minutes, the loud sound of Kholodnaya's footsteps draw closer, before she emerges, looking not too cheerful. Finding her seat once more, "They agree... However, I wish you well; Volchka has a scalding tongue about her." That draws an ironic smile from the giant. "How will you be transporting them, and to where?"

Derleth says, "Forgive me, Jarl Kholodnaya, but dinna ye mean she has a _freezing_ tongue?"

Sara elbows Derleth in the side.

Kholodnaya chuckles. "Yes, but the bitch tends to be rather sarcastic and cynical, even at her young age."

Derleth smiles at Sara. "Just trying t' lighten the tension, lass. And be careful with thine elbows. I not be as sturdy as ye."

Sara mumbles while she continues to push a slight smile, "Yeah, but I'm trying to keep yer not so sturdy _mind_ from gettn' ya killed. Or me for that matter."

Kyrel smiles. "That will be up to them, I suspect. We don't have a wagon for them, so they can either run along with our horses or if they're feeling lazy we have a magical stasis spell and they can sleep the whole journey. We'll be taking them to Tarlbren to meet our patron, and they can decide then whether they like him."

The Jarl nods at that. "I see... Perhaps it would be best, this spell. I believe many humans would be more comfortable with a sleeping Ice wolf, then one the size of a horse moving about freely." Looking pleased, she continues. "Onto the business of payment..."

Kyrel nods. "Always the most important question."

"You mentioned services. To let the wolves go with you, I ask a request that I believe would better the clan. However, the task might be difficult."

Derleth breathes another sigh of relief as the subject of money never comes up.

Kyrel nods. "An easy task would hardly be much of a payment. What do you have in mind?"

She clears her throat. "There is a dragon, a great white lizard. A wise, smart one, oddly enough... He has gotten the many tribes to follow him, but that is not the point of the matter. One of his mates resided in a lair, not far from the Ice Tooth. We've been informed by the gnolls, that the dragon left her lair some weeks past, and did not have eggs with her. This gives the impression she left them there; not an uncommon thing, when it comes to the beasts. If you could go and see if the eggs are left, and if they are, bring one, or hopefully two back, the wolves are yours."

Sara shrinks in her seat.

Derleth's jaw drops.

Vane replaces his hat, slowly. _Did I say reasonable? Tch, I'm such a fool._ The voice of his familiar chimes quietly in his mind. _I told you so._

She goes on. "We would've asked the gnolls to, but, we have yet to hear report from them..." At that, Katya snaps her head sharply up, face growing concerned. "What?"

Kyrel says, "Interesting... I assume that the passageways are too small for your own warriors?"

Kholodnaya frowns. "If they were too small, then how would the dragon pass through?"

Derleth clears his throat. "Ah..just about how large are a white dragon's eggs, Jarl?" He seems pleased as his voice does not crack.

Kyrel shrugs. "Sometimes a wyrm is narrower than a smaller but stockier race. Especially if one prefers to walk upright."

Sara sinks a little lower in her seat as her face starts to hint at great discomfort.

The giantess considers, answering after a moment. "You know, I have never actually seen one myself...I would imagine, however, it would be as around as a half a human's body is long, and no taller then two thirds a human. That is rough guess, however." Nodding to Kyrel, "Indeed. Often the beasts will find caves that drop down, near the top of mountains, ones others cannot maneuver or reach without wing."

"Not to mention," She adds, "We have suffered losses from the scaled vermin, and their wild human allies." Her tone is distasteful, if not hate-filled. "Those and their foul dragon-spawn magic."

Kyrel says, "Ah. So you wish to raise dragons of your own to counteract them. Logical and practical."

She shakes her head. "Not necessarily so." Her gaze shifts toward the statue. "My father was lost to the father of those eggs; it is ironic, that I should have one of his many children." Her gaze turns back, "They make good mounts, as well, when grown large enough."

Derleth scratches his chin. He does not look happy - on the other hand, he is not quite as daunted by the idea as Sara seems to be. "And where be this den located from here, hmm?"

Kyrel nods. "In any event, we have had a run-in with the dragon-cult tribes ourselves. They hate anyone not of their own breed."

Kholodnaya's eyes shine at Kyrel. "You put them down? Good. Less of the dragon-blooded vermin to raise weapons and spells against us and ours." Her attention turns back to Derleth, "About one and half days travel north of here. The cold there is sharper, and there are many a canyon and ridge, as well as mountains. Many spots to be ambushed at; be careful. You will be travelling through Lizardkin and Gnoll territory..." Her tone sounds doubtful, at the mention of the dog-men.

Kyrel says, "Hmm. Any chance that a safe-conduct from you would help with the gnolls?"

Katya stares up at the giantess. "What is this about the Gnolls not responding?" Having not answered her earlier question, the big woman sighs. "As you know, we recieve the reports from the Gnoll tribe close to us, half a tenday before you arrive." The ranger nods. "We have not received a report this time. It is not like Yrick to be this late... I fear the worst. It is good that you come; on your way to the beast's broodlair, can you look in on the Gnolls?"

Kyrel says, "Ah.. you're worried about what might have happened to them, not that they might attack us. I understand now."

Katya glances back at Kyrel, and shakes her head. "No. The Gnolls are upon our side, in the tribal wars."

Kyrel nods. "I had assumed that from Lady Kholodnaya's earlier comments. I misunderstood her concern."

Kholodnaya nods. "Understood. It is a confusing mix." Canting her head to the side, "Will you go for the eggs, then?"

Derleth looks back at Sara. "Ah...perhaps, Jarl, ye could give us a minute to discuss and come to a consensus?"

"Of course."

Sara sits up a bit realizing that she is going to be addressed and trying to compose herself.

Kyrel grins, just a little nastily. "Personally, I think we owe it to these dragon tribes to see if we can mess up their plans just a bit. But yes, we need to discuss this amongst ourselves first. By your leave, Jarl, we can do this while you talk to Katya privately."

"Agreed." Katya, taking her cue, rises and approaches the Jarl's chair. Despite the giant's voice, the two speak in hushed tones.

Kyrel turns his chair back toward the table to talk to the others. "Comments, opinions?"

Derleth grunts. "Depends. Sure, 'n the mother might 'ave left her youngn's t' hatch on their own, but the dragon cult c'd have a whole legion camped next t' the cave for all we know."

Vane says, "I will protect my brother. The decision is ultimately his."

Kyrel grins. "That's why we have invisibility spells - and Kiri is no slouch at scouting, either."

Derleth says, "Then the problem comes of _transporting_ said eggs, Kyrel..."

Derleth says, "...or d' ye have any shrinking spells at hand?"

Kyrel says, "Hmm. They might fit into the stasis beads quite nicely."

Derleth says, "Aye, n' that occurred to me, but can they be reused?"

Vane says, "No, they cannot. But we can manage two wolves to a capsule... that leaves one for egg transport."

Kyrel nods. "As long as nothing goes wrong. At worst, we'll have to let the wolves walk, but since they're going to be coming along voluntarily, this isn't that much of a risk."

Derleth hmms. "Well...sure, n' I suppose it's doable...but we'd best be careful. We're nae equipped for a melee with either a whole tribe, nor a white wyrm."

Sara shifts uncomfortably.

Vane says, "At the size of the lair described, Derleth, it won't be a wyrm for some years."

Derleth looks wryly at Kyrel. "Ye will see risk in letting them walk when we get back t' Nemford, Kyrel."

Derleth says, "Ah'm talk'n about the mother or father, Vane. The scouts are captured or dead. Either of the parents coulda returned by now."

Vane says, "For that there is invisibility."

Kyrel chuckles at Derleth. "If they're walking - or even if they're not - we can bypass Nemford."

Kaz tilts his head. "Remind me again what it is we're being paid for this whole expedition?"

Kyrel says, "A bit of magic, a bit of cash, and a bit of good deeds, apparently."

Derleth says, "And being saved the effort of being frozen by a winter wolf's breath." He sighs. "All ah'm saying is that we need t' be cautious."

Katya moves back to the table, leaning over. "Is it a yes, or a no?"

Kyrel nods to Katya. "Looks like a yes. We're debating ways and means, mostly."

Vane nods softly.

She nods. "And, will we be returning to that cave, or get that on our way back to Nemford?"

Kyrel says, "That will depend, I think, on how we're doing after we finish egg-hunting. Unless we're headed in that direction?"

She shakes her head. "No. That is southwest of here. It would put two hours out of our way, going there and coming back."

Derleth snaps his fingers, as if he just thought of something. "Jarl, may I ask a question? D'ye have any familiarity with operative clans o' dwarves or duergar in thie reigon?"

Kyrel says, "Hit it on our way back, then. This sounds like something that should be done soonest."

Kholodnaya looks up, though her expression somewhat annoyed at the mention of dwarves, she nods. "Unfortunately, I know of the Stoneshaft clan, that once was here."

Derleth says, "Ye say 'once'. Have they since left or died out?"

"Both... Some sort of plague, or a great enemy was decimating them. A dwarf turned evil, or some such... Though he was eventually destroyed, I believe, not many were left. They left the clanhold, but many weapons were left behind... Some of the tunnels collapsed, in fighting the dwarf himself. One of the leaders was schooled in ancient magics, not spawned of dragon but of long hours practice, and had a tendency to hurl fire. Unfortunately, the fire took out support beams in some tunnels."

Kyrel winces. "Not a good idea, in a tunnel."

Sara says, "A single evil being wiped them out?"

Kholodnaya snorts. "That is a dwarf, for you." She nods to Sara. "Yes. They did not know how to kill it. It took a human to show them the proper way of putting the dwarf down."

Derleth hmmms. "Thank ye, Jarl. Your words shed much light on what we've found..."

She nods. "You are welcome."

Sara says, "Offhand, do you know how he was finally killed?"

The giant looks pensive. "I believe...they had to drive something through its chest... I'm not too knowledgable about the entire ordeal; we try to keep distance from dwarves, in general. Likely a clan member would know."

Kyrel looks appalled. "A dwarven vampire? Bizarre."

Vane hmms. "Are there any holy places close by, Jarl? A temple? Shrine?"

"None. Nemford likely has a temple or two but I would not know. We have an altar to Auril, which I tend to," The giantess reaches into her dress, pulling forth a symbol of a snowflake, its ends pointed and sharp, presented on a throng about her neck. "I am priestess of the Cold One, among other things. But other than our shrine, and the tribes' crude worship of the scaled beasts, none."

Vane nods. "That is useful knowledge, thank you."

"Any more questions, that I might aid you with?"

Kyrel says, "Only directions, if Katya doesn't know the way herself."

Katya chimes in. "I believe I know the way."

_The way north of the Giants' cave is harsh, to say the least. Although the first day was clear, if cold, the weather turns bad an hour from the gnoll's encampment, the wind starting to screech, snow flowing in the wind. Katya, taking the lead once more, rests, hands poised on the arrow nocked on her bow. In the distance, a tall mountain can be seen, covered in ice, and a good piece of the top looks translucent, its summit composed of ice._

Vane rides on in silence, head down into the wind, a rime of ice collecting on the brim of his hat, the lower half of his face hidden under his scarf.

Sara follows on behind the pack thinking to herself, wondering how, or rather why she is going along with this plan. _It's not my task after all._

Kyrel sits astride Maya, his cloak wrapped around him in the wind. He looks at the mountain ahead, and calls to Katya over the wind. "Icetooth?"

Derleth seems relatively comfortable, thanks to his enchanted ring, and thanks his foresight that prompted him to memorize spells of protection, one of which he cast on Platinum to protect him from the cold....

"Indeed!" She calls back, pulling her hood down further on her cloak. "The tribe's caves and camp should be ahead, just up the hill, in fact!" She points toward a small cliff face, some one hundred yards ahead. The ground dips, then rises toward it in a slight depression. Newfallen snow covers the ground, but there's many small mounds of snow, like humps beneath the powder.

Kyrel says, "Uh-oh. That looks bad."

Katya's horse is the first one to near the slope, and her horse treds upon one of the lumps. It whinnies, drawing back, stepping around.

Derleth squints through the snow at the lumps. "What in the Lady's name can those be, lads..." He looks back at the mages. "D'ye have, perhaps, some flame to melt off the snow?"

Kyrel says, "I wouldn't. I think those are the tribesmen."

Vane doesn't look up; it's not clear whether he's actually able to raise his head at this stage, his coat and scarf rimed with ice. "I'd bet my spellbook on it."

Derleth looks puzzled. "Huh?"

Katya slides from her saddle, and draws closer. Placing up her bow, she draws the axe from her back, drawing closer. First kicking one, then kneeling down in the snow, clearing it away. "Gods," she swears.

Kyrel says, "Kholodnaya did say that they'd not been in contact. I think the dragon-worshipers are on the warpath."

"Indeed," Katya breathes, clearing away the snow. She rises, stepping back. Enough of the gnoll is in view to show a deep puncture through the chest, the throat torn out. The blood is now frozen, but it had first turned the snow beneath red.

Katya's face hardens. Her eyes sweep up to the cave. "By the gods..." Before starting to trudge up toward the gnoll's den.

Kyrel says, "What kind of creature causes damage like that?"

Derleth jumps down from his saddle, coming over to one of the dead bodies and examining the wounds.

Vane says, "Cannibalised."

Katya doesn't answer, starting to jog up to the cave, before breaking into a run.

Kyrel looks sick. "By the gods..."

Vane's voice is soft. "Don't linger, little brother...."

Derleth says, "The chest wound looks like it was made from a normal weapon, probably a spear. But the throat wounds were made by teeth. Teeth shaped in a muzzle, but a blunt muzzle. Probably by a humanoid animal race."

Derleth says, "Like the gnolls themselves, only nae quite. A gnoll dinna make this bite wound."

Kaz looks over the body from his horse, then back at Derleth. "One of those lizardthings?"

Sara says, "What's your guess, Derleth, if not lizard nor gnoll...? I'd hate to say...dragon kin?"

Derleth says, "As an educated guess, w'out knowing the gross anatomy? Ah'd say it's a strong possibility."

Sara bows her head with a sad, almost worried look on her face.

Soon Katya emerges from the cave, stomping down the slope, looking angry enough to melt the snow beneath her feet.

Kyrel says, "Any survivors? Or more likely, any missing prisoners?"

The ranger gets in ear shot. "Not a child among the dead that died by the fight." Her voice edged with utter hatred and disgust. "The parents killed a few, so they would not suffer a fate that many will... Nearly a fourth of the clan's adults are gone, too, not among the dead."

Kyrel says, "What do you think, then. Should we track them down, or continue on our first mission?"

Sara, in a low, deliberate voice asks, "Katya, what did this?"

Derleth quietly does not make issue of the fact that these things are being said about gnolls.

"Lizardfolk." She spits the word out like venom. "They're the only thing in this whole frozen north that would eat the young of another race, even when times are hard. All the tribes fight over the elk herds and hunting grounds, but.... Either there's a lizardfolk tribe stationed near by, or they traveled a long way just to wipe these out... By the looks of it, they struck in the middle of the night; some bodies are still huddled on the pelt-beds."

Sara speaks up, "If you guys are going to go get those eggs and expect me to stick by your side then let's do it and get done with it. I don't have a mind to run into any of those creepy lizard things. So let's move it eh?"

Kyrel says, "Katya? Your opinion.. how long has it been, and how likely are we to rescue anyone if we track them down?"

She frowns. "The tracks are covered in snow; this was several days ago, at least. There would be little sign of them. I could probably find the nest; I learned to track the horrible things down early in my career, but I would be hard pressed... Mayhap we find your eggs, first?"

Vane says, "As you wish, Katya. The decision is yours to make."

Kyrel nods. "Let's go, then. It looks like speed is our ally."

Derleth nods and brushes the snow off his thighs and knees, vaulting back up onto Platinum.

She shakes her head. "I could likely get one of you killed, assaulting the nest. I do not need that; you signed on to get your wolves, not fight a vendetta to exterminate scaled scum."

Sara rides over to Derleth and speaks only to him, "You are the only reason I'm even here..." and rides on.

Derleth blinks at the sudden comment by Sara. His face reddens, as he tries to decipher what she meant....finally after the others have already proceeded some dozen yards ahead or so, he kicks Platinum into action and hurries after them.

Holstering her axe, the ranger climbs upon her horse. "From here, we have two paths. Try to cross around and along the edges of a mountain or two, or travel between a cliff and mountain; a very nasty spot for ambush. Any preferences?"

Vane says, "I defer to your expertise here."

Derleth pats Platinum's neck. "Whate'ers easiest on the horses..."

"It's dangerous either way. Along the mountain sides, there are iced over spots, shakey ground, loose snow...it's a bad drop. Between the rock and hardplace..."

Sara says, "You are the only one who knows the area or what we might face Katya. Though I'm not one to walk through ambush country."

Katya nods to Derleth, "Going up the mountainside would be very treacherous for the horses, yes." After considering, "I think it best we travel through the rock and hard place... But keep a sharp eye and ready spells for a trap?"

Vane says, "We will be ready."

Derleth smiles, cracking his knuckles. "We d'nae fear ambushes. They tend t' go sour fer the ambushers.

The ranger snickers. She nods. "All right, then," she agrees, and starts to ride, turning right from the sloping path and starting around the side of the cliff.