Logfile from PLKyrel

Rosalie smiles, lopsidedly. "I see. So I've heard. Powerful lads."

Avos nods his head. "Nothing against them; it's how the money comes, is all." A slight shrug, as he glances around at the men about him. They seem to have relatively stopped what they're doing. By the looks of their faces, it would appear the truth that Avos does do trials of fire for some of his men. The stern visage returns to Rosalie. "And you want to join up."

Rosalie nods, "Assuming your organization suits me, of course." She winks. "After all, a lady such as myself should be ... careful who her associates are."

He eyes Rose more carefully, like a wolf surveying a hart herd. Walking around her, briefly. "What do you have to offer me? Other then just another mouth to feed, so to speak."

Rosalie turns around with Avos, to keep facing him. She fiddles with the ring on her left hand. "I offer my education, naturally. My ability to blend. And my strength. And what do you offer, beyond the fiery trials that take the chill off life?"

He smirks. "You're skirting the issue. I want to know what you can Do. What's your skills, woman?" A gesture, towards a one eyed man who was playing cards. "Cyrus over there can pick locks like he was doing it to save his life." A nod to one scrappy woman, "She could rival a mouse's bowls, how quiet she is. Several toughs in here have good arms, good eyes, and so forth. What do you get? A haven, protection, a cut in whatever you do. Since the Thieves guild in town died a few months, we've no competition." A brow raises, "There's a reason for that," He states, with a touch of edge.

"Indeed? I take it, then, that this is effectively the new thieves' guild?" She looks around thoughtfully. "Not bad as a hangout. I'm impressed." She takes a longer look, pausing at each of the people Avos pointed out. "As for the rest, I make as much noise as a passing breeze, when I walk quietly. And am about as visible. And there isn't a lock I cannot open. But these are but puny skills, irrelevant to such as you. They can be bought, and sold. What I offer is an educated front. I can travel through the highest reaches of society, as well as", she pauses, sniffing delicately, "the dregs, well washed as they might be." One hand moves a lock of hair out of the way. "Although perhaps, Avos, we might consider a simpler arrangement? Trading information?"

Avos stares at the woman, as she speaks. After several moments hang in silence, a jerk of his head toward the throne, before the confident steps bring him to relax. Nodding to one knave, who brings a crate before the Throne, "Please, sit. Enough standing around; let's talk business."

Rosalie moves towards the throne, then pauses at the crate. Wrinkling her nose, she sinks gracefully onto it, her back ramrod straight. Herr hands lie peacefully in her lap, her demeanour contrasting vividly with her slatternly appearance.

Fingers settle onto his thighs. "We're no guild, no. Mainly, just working the docks. But, I've been considering expanding. Generally, if someone needs a little muscle for shadow-skulking, I'm here. I hear someone's beating his wife? We send them a message. A ship merchant not paying his dockmen too much? He gets the weight off him. But, information's worth it's words in gold, girl." Leaning forward, "Not a bad consideration."

Rosalie smiles. "Indeed. A much better consideration than information that's worth its weight in gold. Words are so much less ... subjective. Actually, dear Avos ... you don't mind if I call you Avos, do you?"

"Dear doesn't suit me, but go ahead," He says in more of a grunt.

"As I was saying, Avos, I'm looking for confederates but I am not entirely certain I am looking for a permanent engagement. So restrictive, and I do so like to travel." She looks around. "The notion of a sailor in every port suits me well. And there are so many ports I've yet to see." She heaves, sibtly emphasizing her chest. "What I offer, then, is to be eyes and ears. What I seek is knowledge you have."

Of course, he takes the bait at the swelling, but his expression remainds stone. "Let me see if I understand this. In other words, you want to travel, and send me back what you find." A smirk. "I don't really see how who Khelben Blackstaff is diddling on the side will really help me and mine out."

+++Editor: who/how.

Rosalie raises an eyebrow. "Perhaps I over estimated you, Avos. Did you not say that information was worth its words in gold? Surely a sailor would like to know, say, that Madame Bovary's girls had been stricken with an infectious and embarassing disease? Or that a certain city was considering closing its port. Or that a certain merchant is planning on smuggling a rich cargo back to Selegaunt, where you can easily intervept it. In short, Avos dear, I am proposing to share information on a bigger scale than this single dock."

There is no reaction. Atleast, not immediate. "There are several smaller factions that work within Seleguant. Drug rings, a small smuggling operation. On one side, I have no plans on stepping on toes enough to crush. On the other, broadening my the Quipper's swing isn't a bad thing. You find information, you bring it to me, for trade. Now. What do you want in return?"

Rosalie tilts her head. "For now I seek information on the death of a certain bard, and the ambush of certain young men ..."

"Excuse me for pissing on this, but, what does a woman such as yourself need it for?"

Rosalie straightens up, smiling. "Well, there's two ways to look at this. One is that the dead bard was a close friend of a close friend." She smiles, sharp pointy teeth showing. "The other is that I was with those young men when they were ambushed, and I would like to know who paid for it."

The room is a graveyard, in it's silence. Avos, like a tombstone, doesn't flench. "If it's the first, then you're deserving the information on a morale scale, but most likely will turn right around to the Watch, because I could have deals with the very criminals that did it. If it's the latter, then I really shouldn't let you keep breathing, since you'll likely do that very same thing. Hm. Choices."

Rosalie smiles, tilting her head. "Indeed. Choices. Or you could consider that I do not care for the small fry; I want the man responsible. Why would I go after the little quippers, when I can get the kraken?"

"You're tredding on ice," He says simply, staring. "I'll tell you what." He looks towards a man near him, "Get me the scaler." He jumps up, and scampers towards a corner.

Rosalie smiles, toothily. "I adore ice."

The man comes back with a wickedly curved knife, and a pan. Avos takes it, and turns his arm over, baring several scars. "A man's, woman's word is important. Especially a thief's, because he's watched more for what he says. You want the information? I have it. I want to keep my little operation. You want to continue what was offered? Fine." Grabbing the hilt, he drags the weapon across the inside of his forearm, jaw set as the wound digs deep, blood starting to flow, and dripping into the pan between them. Holding the wounded limb out, he holds his weapon, hilt first. "Swear to it."

Rosalie smiles at the knife, then snaps her hand. A short sword appears, and she gently draws it across her other wrist so that blood flows freely, falling into the pan. After watching the blood flow for a few moments, she cleans the sword on her skirt, and returns it to stasis, before holding the cut closed. "I swear I will not rat your operation out, Avos. I swear that I will offer all information to you before I sell it to anyone else." She pauses, thoughtfully. "And I swear that I will do no harm to any present here, unless they attempt to harm me first."

He doesn't seem surprised at the apperance of Rose's blade, but the grip upon his 'Scaler' does tighten, upon arrival. Though, the big man seems pleased, as the blood mingles. Once more a nod, and gauzes are fetched, and offered. "Past experiences excluded," He says with the hint of a smile, but the words aren't to be questioned, by their tone. "You can leave as you desire. I'll have ears open for anything I could offer to you in return."

Rosalie nods. "Past experiences naturally excluded. But perhaps, before I leave ... you could tell me what you know of the bard and the ambush?"

Setting the knife aside, "Zaranda, to my best of knowledge, wasn't killed by any professionals, in town. I don't know who killed her. Tart could sing, though. As to the ambush, sure. Primpy little siss of a man named Leris contacted one of my boys, saying he wanted muscle, about three days ago.

Rosalie nods. "Fair enough. You don't know, then, who deputized Leris?"

A shake of his head. "No. He definetly had cash, though. Dropped it off before his play rehersal." Leaning back, "Even though they broke my heads, your boys are good. Glad what they did for the city, infact. Wouldn't be around with the spell-beggers here."

"Oh, I wouldn't call them _my_ boys, exactly. But they certainly are talented. I was sorry I missed the party." Rosalie sighs. "Well, sounds like another blasted dead end. In any case, a pleasure to meet you, Avos. Will you send word if you hear more on the street?"

"If I had, I wouldn't know where to send it."

Rosalie tilts her head sideways. "Courtesy of Rosalie at the Halfway Inn. That will reach me." She stands up, shaking out her skirts. "Perhaps someday, Avos, you can show me some of the finer sights in town. Someday soon, I think, if at all."

A cluck of his tongue. "Sometime, yes, sometime. Oh. And, Rosalie," He says with a twisted grin, "Next time you come looking for me, don't pick someone else up."

This earns a rouse of chuckles.

Rosalie licks her lips. "You mean to imply, Avos, that I would have enjoyed the afternoon more had I chosen you over him?"

The chuckles turn a touch more bawdy. "More along the lines of looking before you leap. But, if the dice fell that way, fine. But, I wasn't home yesterday. Me and the boys slipped out after our men were caught."

Rosalie shrugs, smiling happily. "The captain, Avos, was a _good_ man. Hardly wasted time. But that reminds me, dear. If I have need to send a message to you, how will I reach you?"

He rubs his chin, after a second. "There's a halfling in your Inn, named Pelper. Give him a message. He'll get it to me."

Rosalie nods, once. Dropping a brief curtsey, she turns to the staircase. "A pleasure, Avos. Until we meet again." Her eyes are turned down, demurely, but the curve of her lips seems to promise ... more.

Lechery filters into his eyes, for a moment, before a simple nod. "A pleasure for future business, Rose."

Rosalie walks up the stairs, her footsteps echoing on the boards behind her. As she walks into the cavern leading up, Silniya's voice cuts in, quiet. "You like balancing on a tightrope, huh?"

Rosalie smiles, pointedly not looking at the invisible werewolf. "I always did like the circus ..."

The boards are pulled aside, as the drunkard pulls them free. He grins lopsidedly downward. "Thanks for yer time, misses."

Rosalie smiles, tipping the drunkard a silver piece. "My pleasure."

Rosalie, and silently Silniya, move about and back into the Saucy Mermaid. By this point, Kyrel and Derleth have migrated into the same table.

Derleth looks relieved as she sees Rose walking back in...though he tries to hide it, for secrecy's sake.

Kyrel lets himself glance at Rosalie when she walks in, attempting to make it look like a leer.

Rosalie grins, sauntering up to Derleth and Kyrel's table. "Is there room for a poor lady like me at such a fine table as yours?"

Derleth nudges Kyrel suggestively. "I'm sure we can find plenty of space, aye."

One of the chairs eases, slowly, back, before it rattles just a touch.

Kyrel says, "Aye, that we can, missy."

Rosalie grins, taking her seat. After getting the waitress's attention, and a mug of what passes for ale, she shakes her head. "I think my room would serve you gennelmen better ..."

Derleth knows this is just acting...but, honestly, his own feelings get in the way of a completely convincing performance. "Er, ah...well, I suppose if we must..." he says, trying to pose a mock-reluctant tone...

After slipping some coin to the waitress, a room upstairs was loaned for a few hours price. In a much quieter, although not exceptionally well furnished room.

Sitting crosslegged on the bed, Rosalie briefly recounts her conversation with Avos. After she finishes, she unbinds her wrist. "Could you take a look at this, Der?"

Derleth grimaces. "At least you know how to do it carefully...but let's hope you don't have to do yourself further injury just to inure yourself to them..." He murmurs a minor orison and the small wound is healed.

Kyrel says, "Blood sibling to the new Head Thief, eh? Could prove valuable."

Rosalie shrugs. "It was a nice showy effect. But only a little blood. And worth the pain, at that. Just think at the contacts we have now." She sighs. "Not that we're much closer to the bard's death ..."

Kyrel says, "A little, though. Sounds like Leris _is_ in it pretty deep."

Rosalie nods.

Rosalie says, "So we lean on him a little more?"

Kyrel says, "Oh, yes.... Maybe talk to the Miller about things."

Derleth says, "Perhaps. Or perhaps we should come at it from a different angle. He's already told us one story...perhaps we should tug at that end of the tapestry, to see if it unravels or not."

Rosalie nods. "Perhaps you should do the leaning. I can just ... watch. And then there's that mage ... I wonder if the boy has found his house yet."

Derleth thinks. "For example, se seem to be getting pretty good at the disguise deal. Maybe we should wayly Lord Foxmantle, see if we can scare some truth out of him."

Kyrel chuckles. "He was looking awfully uncomfortable during the play. Maybe we should use that motif..."

Derleth scratches his chin. "It depends on how we approach him...as ourselves...or as others."

Derleth says, "As ourselves, no doubt, our approach would have to be more...coy."

Kyrel snaps his fingers, and grins. "No. Let me arrange it. Let him meet Zaranda...."

Rosalie oooohs. "Good choice."

Silniya peers curiously towards Kyrel. "And, if he isn't guilty, we're going to scare him to death."

Rosalie says, "Why would he be scared to death? Hell, can't Derleth revive him if necessary?"

Kyrel says, "I don't think his heart's _that_ weak. And yes, in an emergency I'm sure Derleth could patch him back up."

Derleth chuckles wryly. "I suppose I could...though one would argue that if he was scared to death, that would be his due punishment..."

"Well, not literally, but more that it's going to put a shock into him."

Kyrel says, "Not if he wasn't guilty. I'm thinking a high-level illusion of her... and just one word. 'Why?'...."

Derleth laughs. "You're a master charlatan, Kyrel..." he says approvingly.

Silniya does chuckle, though, shaking her head.

Kyrel bows from his chair. "I've had a lot of practice."

Derleth says, "Maybe we should wait till tonight before throwing that at the old boy, then...ghosts being more appropriate to night, of course. But, hmm...is there aught else we can occupy ourselves with before the appointed hour?"

Kyrel winks. "Arrr... an' how much did you be chargin' the good Captain?"

Rosalie grins at Kyrel. "Less than I'd be charging you ..."

Kyrel says, "Ah, well. Just a thought..."

Silniya puts in, "There's always checking once more with Elucreh."

Rosalie says, "I'll not be seeing Elucreh with you. Why tempt the good captain to disbelieve my word?"

Later, the four return to the Halfway Inn, to find there are two messages waiting for them. One, is from Anya, informing Rosalie that there seems to be a letter waiting for her, at the Foxmantle manor. The second is from the detective himself; Finally scrounged up enough records to confirm that, if Foxmantle senior was killed, incarcerated or disappeared, that Tamlin would take over his estate.

Rosalie decides to simply go and retrieve her letter, which is written in unfanciful writing. It details the address of one Malvolio Frenulrick, aspiring and well-to-do Wizard of Selegaunt.

Derleth looks worried, then, reading the note from Elucreh...

Later that night, at a paticularly bewitching hour, the four creep onto the Foxmantle estate, with a little arcane assistance.

Lord Foxmantle isn't hard to locate. Or atleast, supposedly. The door to his study is closed, light filtering in beneath it.

Derleth, cloaked in a shroud of invisibility with the others, tests the door to see if it will creak...his left hand holding Silniya's, since, when everyone is invisible, it's a good idea to keep in contact, else you'd run into your own party members...

The door is firmly shut. However, the hallway is completely deserted.

Kyrel murmurs the incantation, and the image of Zaranda takes shape in the hallway, quite recognizable even with her cheeks sunken and skin pale and mottled. The apparition nods and gestures for Derleth to throw open the door.

Derleth's hand turns the knob, and then, once the bolt is turn back, gives the door a firm, though not violent, shove, peering into the room...

A gust of cold wind accompanies the sudden opening of the door, and the lighting flickers a moment later. The image of Zaranda glides through the doorway and into the study in the wake of this activity, the mage generating a slight odor of decay along with a chill apparently emanating from the figure.

The door, as if sensing this very thing, is coincidently loud enough to issue forth a deep _creeeeeeaaak_ Foxmantle, staring into his fireplace, though the flames flicker upon the presence, looks up. So powerful is the man's inward gasp, that the four in the hall are almost indanger of being sucked into the study. The only thing that he truelly issues, is a slight squeak of surprise.

The Zaranda-ghost just stares at the merchant-lord for a time.

He fumbles, a little, backing up to bump into his desk. "Z...Zaranda..."

The voice the mage generates for his creation is a hollow version of the singer's original. "Yeeesss." She continues to stare at Foxmantle.

Derleth smirks a little as Kyrel gets to ham it up for his performance...watching the Lord intently, assessing his reactions...

Thorvald quietly trembles, bracing a hand against his desk. "W-why... why are you here?" He looks a touch paniced, now.

The image reaches into the fire and withdraws the rope that strangled her, the image of the murder weapon crackling with flames but not burning the ghost-image. "Whhhy?"

Spine going utterly rigid, Thorvald cries out slightly. "I... I... Help!" He scurries around the desk, throwing the tapestry open. Looking over his shoulder franticly, fingers fumble with the combination, before opening it. He draws out the dagger, in a trembling hand. "I don't know what you want... Just... Just Leave me Alone!"

The apparition stares at Foxmantle for another long moment, as if considering. Finally, it gestures toward the door, drifting back toward it, then pointing down the hall toward Lady Foxmantle's room. "Cooomme."

Foxmantle stares back at the ghost, gripping the dagger with white knuckles. "What... where are we going?" He asks, meekly. A swallow, watching the ghost, "Why are you doing this to me?"

Derleth scratches his chin. _Either he's innocent...or he's ballsy enough that he thinks he can bluff a ghost...I can't read him either way...I wonder what Ky's trying now?_

The apparition begins to drift down the hallway toward Lady Foxmantle's rooms. "Follllooow. Learrrn."

Derleth wishes now he could ask what Kyrel intends...but he doesn't want to distract the mage, so he just follows and watches...

Thorvald is very, very slow to move. A slight snort, a shudder, and enough courage is mustered to get legs moving. The man pushes forth, though the dagger is held like some lifeline. Stepping out of the study, to follow the ghost.

The image pauses until Thorvald starts moving, gesturing imperiously. Once he is following, she turns away from him and drifts down the hallway toward Lady Foxmantle's chamber.

The invisible procession heads down the hall, after Thorvald. Surprisingly, not a soul is met, on the way. Thorvald's steps are a little slow, but he continues, eventually gaining enough courage to straighten his back. He arrives, outside of Shamnur's bedroom.

The ghost-image points at the latch to Lady Foxmantle's door.

Thorvald stares slackjawed. "You want me to open it?"

Rosalie moves forward, sliding between the ghost and Lord Foxmantle, and turns the handle, slowly easing the door open.

Derleth figures it out, and opens the door as Thorvald watches.

\*\*\*\*\*Erase Der's last pose.

The door swings open, surprisingly less noisy. Light from somewhere else in the room half-illuminates. "Yes?" Comes a half-irritated tone from the closet. "Shamnur..." Thorvald answers, shakily.

Derleth suddenly gleans understanding. _Ky wants to see if he can reel in Shamnur with the same bait...very clever.._

The ghost-figure glides into the room, bringing her chill and the charnel-smell with her, her hand still holding the burning rope. "Shaaamnuuurrr..."

"What's that smell?" Shamnur walks out of the closet, pretty much bare, with a nightgown in hand. Just as the woman steps out, she's hit with the chilling tone, and eyes turn to the size of saucers at the sight of Zaranda's spirit. Ram-rod back is in place, before the relatively surprised, shocked expression melts, to narrowing. "What are _you_ doing here?" She hisses at the spirit.

The image lifts the hand with the burning ropes again. "Whhhy?"

Derleth blinks. _Well now...there's an interesting reaction..._

Her nostrils flare, before the noblewoman looks over to Thorvald. Her eyes sharpen. "That! Good!" She points at the ghost. "For the love of the gods, _Kill_ it!"

Thorvald gapes. "What?" "You heard me! Kill her. Be a Man for once."

Rosalie looks intrigued. _So who killed Zaranda the first time? Him? Or her._

The chill - and the stench - in the room intensifies and the apparition suddenly changes, the flesh melting from her bones. The voice loses its modulation, screeching in horrible laughter as the decay advances, and it points at Lady Foxmantle. "Always someone else! You don't even have the courage to commit your own murders, you harpy!!"

She shrinks back a touch. Thorvald takes a step forward, toward Shamnur, even if his eyes are on the spirit. Shamnur, though, moves like a cat to her husband. Instead of moving behind him, she pulls the knife from him, baring it like a broadsword at her ethereal assaulant. "You should know better," the noblewoman hisses, easing onto the balls of her feet. Malice freezes her voice into a cold, confident roll. "I did it once. I'll do it again."

Derleth lets ot a breath he didn't even know he was holding. _Now it comes out...it **was** her..._

Thorvald stares at the back of his wife's head. "**Shamnur!**."

+++Edit: erase that . there.

The spirit-image looks warily at the dagger, and doesn't approach it. The muscle and flesh reforms, though the horrid laughter hasn't changed. "Aye, I knew, thou dark and midnight hag. But now I am not the only one..." She fades into mist, and then vanishes completely, leaving only chill behind, and mocking laughter. "I have the rest of eternity, Shamnur! You _will_ join me!"

Derleth is tempted to come out of hiding now...but there is possibly more to discover, with the conflict to come now that Thorvald knows what his wife did...

Rosalie moves to the door, ready to intervene if the principals become ... violent.

Shamnur shivers, just a bit, but the weapon's tip doesn't weaver. She turns around slowly, to meet Thorvald's shocked glare. "Shamnur, ho-" "Shut up, Thorvald." Her brow raises. "Did you want your daughter to run off with her consort?" The weapon waved where the ghost was. Lord Foxmantle's jaw drops.

"You killed that woman," He says, quietly, damningly. "Yes," She returns casually. "I can't look at you." He starts towards the door.

"Finally," Replies his wife after a moment's surprise, "We're mutual."

Derleth speaks aloud, then, before Thorvald can get away. "Ironic, isn't it. That an illusion can uncover a truth."

Both wheel toward the voice. "What?" Thorvald barks, while the noblewoman simply straightens, eyes narrowing with murder.

Derleth, who's hand is in Silniya's, lightly pinches her palm, that simple act enough to make him appear, his hand on his flail. "I'll admit though...things turned out differently than expected." he says casually. He glares at Shamnur. "Put the pinsticker down, Lady. You're no match for me, let alone me and my fellows."

Derleth recieves a punch on the shoulder, which bares Silniya to reality, hands casually layed upon her weapon-hilts. She stands behind Derleth, a cold smile on her face.

With as much dignity and grace as possible, Shamnur turns to Thorvald, and slips the dagger into his hand.

Kyrel fades into view at the doorway. "I must admit, I wasn't sure which of you it was. But we'd figured out that it was one of you. That was your only reason, Lady Foxmantle? You didn't want your own daughter to find her own way to be happy?"

Derleth looks quite smug. "Oh I sincerely doubt it, Kyrel...or ar least, it would be quite a coincidence if her dabbling in the local narcotics trade had nothing to do with it..." he drawls...

Shamnur seems to become the noblewoman again, gazing back at the mage. "I wanted Thorvald gone." This causes her husband to recoil. "With him in the city dungeon, Tamlin would come under the estate's power, and since he would be fresh, mother could guide his hand in the business. With Thorvald gone, I could find someone who's company I vastly prefered. A richer, younger, more hansome nobleman, maybe."

Kyrel snorts. "Pick two, milady. You wouldn't have gotten all four..."

_This is going to be difficult as all hell to break to Anya._ Rosalie stays concealed, pondering ways of explaining all this to Shamnur's daughter, while watching both her and Thorvald carefully.

Derleth arches a brow. "And now she'll get none at all...unless she finds one in prison."

Thorvald seems to be groping for words. "But... but the night of the murder, you came to me..." She tilts her head, looking at him like an adult to a child. "Yes, and you were so distracted with your pipeweed my promises you overlooked the fact I had your boots." A roll of her eyes. Looking from Kyrel to Derleth, "Do you mind? I'm naked. I'd like to atleast get dressed."

Derleth shrugs, willing to be generous under the circumstances...going to the closet and grabbing a robe. He's not inclined to be more generous than that, however, and tosses it at her.

The woman stares at it. "Surely you jest."

Derleth arches a brow. "Would you prefer a prison smock?"

She regards him icily. "If you were walking to the gallows, would you do it with your head high, or your eyes on the ground?"

Kyrel says, "We're not inclined to let you kill yourself or escape, milady." He's busy scribbling a note which he gives to his familiar. "Find Elucreh and give him this, Kiri. I think he'll be interested."

Kiri chirps in question.

Derleth returns the cold look. "You committed murder, Shamnur." he spits. "Your wishes hold very little sway here. Wear it, or don't wear it. I don't really give a fuck. The way I feel right now, you should be paraded naked in the streets before being sent to the Land of the Dead."

Kyrel confers with the bat. "Well, he should be at Watch headquarters. If he isn't, find that other fellow and give it to him."

"It sounds to me that Lliara is being a puppet for Tyr," She sooths back. But, nonetheless stoops and retrieves the robe, to slip it on.

Kiri chirps, and flies off.

Thorvald watches this with a broken look on his face. "Am I coming along too?"

Derleth snorts. "I am Lliara's servant, not Lliara herself...and if I choose to seek justice for the dead, I doubt she will gainsay me..." He glances at Thorvald. "You are, it seems, guilty of no crime, Lord...but yes, you would likely be asked to come, if for no other reason than to deliver testimony..."

"Tonight?"

Derleth shrugs. "That is for the Watch to say. Our part in this is done, and it is the law's business to say what happens next."

He simply nods. "I'm going to put this away," The lord conciedes, holding up the dagger.

Derleth feels his heart twinge with sympathy...and he silently asks his Lady to forgive the uncharitable thoughts he had towards the blameless Thorvald. "As you wish..." he murmurs...

Thorvald proceeds to slip out of the room, then.

Rosalie follows Thorvald, quietly.

The man returns to his study, and replaces the dagger into his safe. Closing it, and returning the tapestry, he stares into the fireplace, and it's flickering flame, for a long stretch of minutes.

Kyrel says, "We'll wait here, milord."

A tear slides down his cheek. Snuffling his nose, eyes closing fiercely, Lord Foxmantle walks out, closing the door behind him, and returns.

Derleth steeples his fingers together. "Leris is likely to be **most** dissapointed by this turn of events...now he won't be able to get his Mist through you, will he...."

_Well, that was anticlimactic ..._ Rosalie shrugs, padding along invisibly behind the man.

"No, he won't," She agrees. "Poor boy."

Thorvald returns after the wait, nodding.

Derleth says, "I have to admit, I'm curious about that...weren't you worried that he might find out? After all, Zaranda was working with him...and supplier or no, he might have been quite put out had he discovered you were responsible for the death of a useful salesman..."

"I wasn't worried, because he knew I did it."

Derleth glances at Kyrel. "There's the missing link. Leris told us Thorvald did it because he didn't care that Zaranda died. He just didn't want us to put away Shamnur..."

Kyrel says, "And why he thought we needed to be stopped. Or was that your idea, Lady Foxmantle?"

Her smile is simple. "Kyrel, if it is or isn't, confirming that or not could add to my charges."

++Editor: Have Thorvald come in after this discussion.

Kyrel says, "Only if the answer is yes, milady. Not that you could be in any more trouble than you are already..."

Shamnur doesn't reply, initially. "Wasn't there a fourth of you?"

Derleth does not respond to that. _On the other hand, her giving information to the Watch about Leris and his cohorts could help her strike a deal, to lessen her sentence...but I'm not going to suggest that to her. Not just because it might compromise Rose...but because she deserves to pay for her crime as the law sees fit._

Kyrel chuckles. "We're not attached at the waist, milady. Sometimes we act independently."

+++Edit: Insert Thorvald's return here.

After a little bit more of waiting, Kiri flutters back in, chittering.

Kyrel listens. "Elucreh wasn't there, eh? Well, I suppose they'll send someone else down soon enough. The night officer isn't a complete idiot."

Kiri chirrups, and perches on the doorjam.

Derleth gnaws absently on a knuckle. "Maybe we should march them down there ourselves...call me paranoid, but we're awfully vulnerable right now, especially if Leris finds out were here, and decides to send some footpads to remove the witnesses to Shamnur's confession..."

Shamnur tips her head towards Derleth. "You are paranoid."

Derleth smiles humorlessly at Shamnur. "It's not paranoia when folks are really out to get you..."

Kyrel says, "I doubt that Leris could rustle up any footpads willing to take us on after what happened the last two times."

Twenty minutes later, Elucreh returns, looking like he threw his cloths on. Jacob is trying very hard to keep infront of the jogging detective. "Banyan is on his way, and I have a couple of men in the foyer."

Derleth smiles welcomingly at Elucreh. "Sorry to roust you out of bed, Detective."

He straightens his cloths. "Not to worry. Now," He says, looking into the room, "What's this about catching the culprit?"

Derleth juts his chin at the two nobles. "With a little help from Kyrel, we managed to get a confession out of Lady Shamnur to the murder...a confession that Thorvald will also attest to."

Thorvald gives a grim nod. Shamnur doesn't give any response, except walking forward. "I'm ready to go."

Derleth glances at Elucreh. "Should we accompany you, or do you have matters well in hand, at this point. We can always give you a full report in the morning..."

A wave of his hand. "You can come along." He approaches Shamnur, removing a strip of leather from his belt, and tieing her hands behind her back carefully. "Come along, then, but I'm just going to take her to Headquarters to be put into one of the cells, there. We can get your testimony there, if you like?"

Derleth nods, looking at the others. "I expect that will do fine...seeing as, after this, we're likely to want to sleep in..." His hand finds Silniya's, squeezing it, fondly.

The ranger returns the gesture, smiling sadly to Derleth.

Rosalie waits for the others to leave the room, before pinching Kyrel on the shoulder. Standing in the shadows, she leans forward. "I'll return to the inn, but I think I should warn Anya, first. She shouldn't hear this from a stranger."

The procession leads down to the Watch Headquarters, through a relatively quiet street. Shamnur walks with ease, grace and poise breed and honed from decades in the lifestyle. They walk into the Watch headquarters, Shamnur led off, while Banyan who looks utterly exhausted nods to them. "Evening."

Meanwhile, Rose slips down the hallway, towards Anya's chambers.

After the whole hubub died down, all four finally settled in for a relaxing vacation, before deciding to head east. Derleth decided to spend a little more time dealing with the Temple, and paticularly, the gaming hall. He and Kyrel settle down to one of the card tables, the dealer, another cleric, nods to them both. Across from them, a dwarf settles down, a grin on his face. "Hey, there, then."

He lifts a pouch, and plops it down on the table. "Ante is two silver," the Dealer announces. Plunging fingers into the sack, he draws out the coins, and drops them into the center of the table.

Derleth chuckles. "In the mood for a little friendly poker, good sir?" he queries the dwarf, putting in his ante. He looks at Kyrel. "Going to play, or just watch?"

Kyrel says, "I think I owe your Goddess a bit of honoring, as it happens. I'm in."

Derleth grins at Kyrel as he wins the first hand with three of a kind. "Our Lady thanks you for your first of many contributions, Kyrel..." he chuckles, pulling in the pile.

Kyrel snorts. "Unless she's just getting your hopes up, Derleth. Let's have another round." He pushes his ante into the middle of the table.

The dwarf scoffs, but grins none the less. "So hard gettin' the coin, so easy partin'," He then pushes his own into the pile. The dealer passes out the cards, once more. "How 'bout we raise it, just a litle?" He asks, and sets down a fat, gold coin.

Derleth picks up the unfamiliar coin...he doesn't recognize it. He shows it to the dealer, hoping he has more skill at appraising then he does. "What do you think?"

The dealer takes the coin, and scrutinizes it. "Well... it's certainly a gold one," He says, turning it over, several times. "What, it's not good?" The dwarf asks, brows knitting. "No, no, I just can't... tell where it's minted."

Kyrel says, "As long as it's gold, why does it matter?"

Said coin is slid back to Derleth, tails up. The tail side seems to show a bird, of some kind. "No idea. Anyways, that's one gold coin. Do you gentlemen call, or fold?" He asks, before passing out cards.

Kyrel says, "Why not?" He pushes his wager out onto the table. "Increase the allowed raises by the same?"

Derleth smiles at Kyrel. "It's more complicated than that...some coins are worth more than others, due to weight and purity." He adds a Waterdhavian noble to the pile. "I'm in. Give me two cards."

Kyrel says, "Three for me."

The dealer slides said cards in. "Well, name's Flint," The dwarf announces, "I got them coins out've a little hole in the ground. Oh, and, three cards, man." He and Kyrel recieve their cards.

Derleth grumbles as he folds early, the cards not improving his hand. He looks pleased, however, when the dwarf fails to bluff Kyrel.

Kyrel chuckles as he pulls in the wagers. "What'd I tell you, Derleth? I'll admit, I wasn't expecting to get dragons over aces."

"Bah." Flint grins a little. No, not too good at hiding his emotions. He slides the cards in. Kyrel rakes in his winnings, and new cards are passed around. "So, where you boys from?" Flint inquires.

Derleth shrugs good naturedly at Kyrel. "There's a lesson to be learned in every hand." He glances at the dwarf. "Originally, from Waterdeep...you know, actually, I've no idea, in all the time we've been together, where your home is, Kyrel."

Kyrel says, "Here, there, and everywhere. Originally, from Hillsfar in Cormanthor. At least, that's where I grew up. "

Flint nods. "I'm from the Snowflake Mountains." The word said with a little detest; Snowflakes aren't a very masculine word, no. "Travelin' here with some fellows. Good to see us gettin' some good use fer coin." He slides his silvers out.

Derleth chuckles. "Hillsfar..ah...became a much nicer place after Manshoon killed Archmage whatshisname...one of the few good things that Manshoon did..."

Derleth adds in his ante. "Probably even better to be out of the cold, good sir. We came from the north not long ago ourselves..."

Kyrel says, "We thought so, at the time."

"Eh, up at the top of the peaks, yeah, it gets cold. But, otherwise, just fine. Thank the Great Fist, an' all that."

Derleth studies his hand. "Great Fist?" he queries,not familiar with the reference.

Flint nods. "Aye, the Great Fist," He says with a touch of respect. "He sleeps beneath one of the biggest mountains on the Range. Giant 40' tall, he is. Said to've crafted the mountains by hand, stomped a little forest into a desert, and dug rivines to fuel stones, that he crushed an army with." The dwarf grins a touch. "Guess he's not so much a bad giant, unlike his dirty kin. Fella gave us our mountains. Good thing he sleeps under 'em."

Kyrel chuckles. "Sounds impressive enough. Let's hope he doesn't roll over in his sleep."

A snicker. "Wary to the goblin he rolls over on."

Kyrel studies his cards. "All right. I'm in for five silver..."

Derleth tries desperately to imply his hidden pair of Swords will outmatch Kyrel's and the Dwarf's hands...but Kyrel calls, and take all. "She gives, and she takes." he quote philosophically.

"She needs to give a little more," Flint says with a grumbling, and sets his cards down, sliding them over.

Kyrel grins at Flint. "At least you've got the sense to fold. _He_" nodding his head toward Derleth, "keeps trying to call my bluffs when I'm not bluffing."

Derleth chuckles. "Clearly, Lliara is explaining to me why I couldn't bluff Grim...I can't even bluff some coin out of my teammate."

Kyrel nods, remembering that one. "It wasn't one of your finer moments, no."

Derleth shakes his head wryly. "Which is why I'm glad I never had to play poker with him. I'd have lost my shirt." He antes up and gets his cards.

Flint attempts to bluff, this time, much to his misfortune.

Derleth boldly brandishes a full house: dragons over swords. But Kyrel rebuttals with four kings. Derleth winces. "Clearly, She favors you tonight, Kyrel...but I'll be damned why. You're not **that** good looking."

Kyrel takes two cards, and adds a fourth to his trio of royalty. "Maybe she's fond of bats. I don't usually do nearly this well at cards."

Kiri chirps overhead.

Flint peers upwards. "Hm. Innerestin' pet," He concludes, as cards are taken up, and passed out again.

Kyrel looks up. "Yes, and I told you why you have to stay on that side of the room. I'll see if they'll bring us something to eat." He looks around for someone to place an order with.

Derleth counts his remaining pile of coin he's allotted for this little jaunt, and sighs. "Deal." he asks the cleric.

\*\*\*\*\*\*Remove parts after 'and sighs'. Gards are already dealt.

An acolyte wiht a tra is wandering about.

Derleth grinds his back molars, pondering his three of a kind...trying to read the inscrutable elf. He folds, and Kyrel beats the Dwarf with a straight.

"Bah! Ah well. I'm callin' out," Flint announces, tugging on his beard. "Can't keep losin; got things to buy, and whatnot."

Kyrel blinks as the cards are dealt. His opponents refuse to bet much after he stands with the initial deal, and his overwhelming hand doesn't net much cash.

Derleth looks speulatively at Kyrel. "One more hand?"

Kyrel says, "Why not?"

Derleth nods to the cleric, and he deals out the cards.

Derleth takes a chance, and bets the last of his siminishing pile of silver...and loses, two pair to a straight. "Ah well. It couldn't go to a nicer guy." he rumbles.

Kyrel takes two from the dealer again, and ends up with three rogues to beat Derleth's two pair. "This isn't your night for gaming, my friend. Better go back to Silniya. You know what they say... lucky at cards, unlucky at love. Maybe the reverse will be true."

Derleth flushes. "One of these days, Kyrel, you'll fall head over heels, and I'll be all over you...but, just my luck, it'll probably be for a magic portal."

Kyrel chuckles. "I've not really been trying to avoid it, Derleth. I'm sure it'll happen someday. You're welcome to tease me when it does."

The dwarf gives the two a nod, grinning a touch. "Well, I'm off. May Moradin smile on you. Now, I'll have to find them knaves before they start stealin' again." He walks off, through the crowd.

Derleth makes a small gesture of respect. "Good day to you, sir..."

Derleth chuckles. "A hundred silver's lost...put them to good use, Kyrel. I should go and get some things done...and then maybe see if Silniya is free..." he says, half mockingly at the half-elf's earlier suggestion.

Kyrel nods. "I will. I'm thinking of doing some recharging on that wand of lightning. Say hello to Sil for me."

Derleth chuckles wryly. "To be honest, I doubt you'll come up..." He nods to his compatriot, and then heads upstairs...

Derleth heads upstairs, and finds out that Silniya is soon to be off for the Forested areas outside of Selegaunt. It's getting to that point within the lunar cycle. Later, after talking, after getting comfortable, perhaps even uncomfortable in bed, sleep finds.

And once more, Derleth finds himself at the gaming tables. Though, the Gambling hall seems to slowly be emptying out, leaving him relatively alone in the room.

Derleth looks around, curiously, wondering if it is closing time, and looking to see if there are any dealers still operating, at any of the tables.

Actually, there isn't. A slow, resounding boom issuing off, as the doors close. Though, something does come to his ears: The familiar, loving 'chink' 'chink' of coin, being counted, or sifted through. It raises like a siren's call from behind.

Derleth smiles faintly, counting money not unlike a meditative state to Lliarans...he swivels, seeking out the counter behind him...

The dealer at the earlier game, it would seem. He's counting the money the house earned, in a strongbox. A look up, a smile. "Hey there, friend."

Derleth smiles back, coming forward to lean against the table the dealer sits at. "Good night's profits?" he queries.

"The lady smiles, always. Where it ends up, that's what counts," He replies, continuing to sift the change.

Derleth chuckles. "And where it ends up is usually in her Church's coffers. But that's only natural, of course...there are many winners and losers, but Her luck outweighs all others." He thinks a moment. "Of course, a profit is likely most welcome now, especially because of the coin lost during the time of the plagues."

"And they wouldn't likely have had a chance to refill, if not for the fortunate actions from one of her own." He pauses at the counting, and holds up a coin, before flicking it to Derleth.

Derleth catches the coin absently. "We are all what we make of ourselves. I merely dared do what it took to halt the tide of chaos and death." he says modestly. He looks at the coin curiously.

It's come up heads, once more. That same odd bird. It's beak is sharp, wings wide and far outstretched, while feet perch on something. Stone? It looks cracked, where the talons rest. The light, just right, gives off a sheen upon it's head, which is cocked almost downward. When Derleth looks up, the other occupant in the room is regarding him quietly. The only difference is, instead of the Dealer, it's a familiar face. The Avoral.

Derleth blinks, and his trembling hand drops the coin. "Lord Guardianal...I did not know..." He silences his trembling voice, cursing himself inwardly. _Of course you didn't know...because he chose for you not to know._ He swallows, and leans back on the table for support as the coin tinkles on the ground. "Why have you returned, noble one? Has She come to call on my debt to you?"

His features soften, a pleasant, almost mirthful smile, lit by the slight nimbusal aura of light. "I have sought you, because Fortune may have you. Your fortune, perhaps. As luck will have it, it will guide you, when you're needed. As you said, We are all what we make. You dare, you do, and in that, shall decide. Fortune is made, as much as luck is chance. These will find you." The wings, where arms should be, give a single flap. All the dice on the table - were there dice there before? - seem to roll, as one, all coming up on one. "Beware. But simply love. Love Her, love all, and let that love guide." A bright light is shining at the cleric's feet.

Derleth looks confused at the avoral's cryptic words. "Lord, I do not understand..." he replies beseechingly...looking down then at the light that comes from below.

The coin glows, sharp, shedding light all about Derleth's feet. "You will know, when you do. Chance, let it be with, as love, it has, it shall. Beware."

Derleth sits up in bed.

Derleth blinks into the darkness, breathing heavy...at first he thinks it is just a dream, but he dismisses that...he could **feel** the guardianal's presence. But he still does not understand, and he stays up a long time after that, trying to puzzle out the message...