Logfile from PLKyrel

It's several minutes of searching, but then, Silniya and Rose's keen eyes spot Muffins clinging to a high branch of a tree.

Rosalie calls out enticingly. "Here, Muffin muffin muffin ... "

Kyrel looks over as Rosalie calls the cat. "Ah, there she is. Shall I go up and get her?"

If the cat's emotions could be summed up in the look it shoots down, no doubtably it'd be _Yeah, Right._

Rosalie says, "She's all yours. Happy hunting." Rosalie smirks. _Pity he doesn't know charm animal ..._

Derleth remains quiet, his own spirits still daunted by the earlier conflict, content to watch the gathering of the kitten.

Silniya peers up at the cat, before looking over at Kyrel. "Seeing as he's likely to sink claw deep into you, you might want to put him to sleep or distract him."

Kyrel slowly rises up through the tree branches. "Puss, puss, puss, puss. Good kitty. I've got some nice beef jerky for you..."

Muffins watches Kyrel suspiciously, if not a little nervously. It starts to claw up the tree a little further, onto a new branch, before peering down at him again.

Kyrel floats up some more, holding out a piece of dried meat. "C'mere, Muffins."

Muffins crouches low, eyeing the wizard critically. His tail flicks back and forth, slowly. Nose leans forward to sniff, for the moment focusing on the half-elf's hands.

Kyrel drifts closer....

Rosalie smells the beef jerky. _I'm hungry._

Again the cat eases back a little, but the jerky is making his nose twitch more. A slight lick of jowls, before inching closer to the branch edge.

Kyrel drifts a little closer, trying to get close enough to make a grab for the animal if she won't come to the meat.

As Kyrel gets closer, Muffin tries to snatch the jerky.

Kyrel times it nearly perfectly and gets Muffins by the scruff of his neck while he tries for the jerky. He holds the cat tightly and descends as rapidly as he can. "Got him!"

Muffins looks very sour with this situation, hanging half-limp, from his scruff.

Silniya nods, smiling weakly. "Now, let's just get him back to Celia."

Kyrel comes back to ground. "Indeed. Before he manages to get his claws into me." He leads the way, moving quickly and letting the boots lift him over any obstacles in the way.

Derleth sighs. "Doesn't look too grateful."

Kyrel says, "Can you blame him? The last time this happened to him was probably rather traumatic."

Derleth looks wry. "Well, I suppose..."

It doesn't take long to get there, the sight of smoke writhing about the chimney. Outside, a man nearing his middle years with a vicious looking fire poker in one hand. A wave of his hand, toward the four as they approach. "Hail!"

Kyrel slows down as he sees the farmer. "Hallo! We've got Celia's kitten, and we dealt with the giant who stole your sheep."

He approaches, and relief washes over the relatively tense expression over his whiskered face. "Thank you." He releases a sigh, before looking towards the cottage. "Dinner should be ready in an hour."

Three eager faces peer at them through the window's shadow.

Derleth smiles, but there's no humor behind it. "Better give Muffins's back to the kids before their little hearts explode."

"Celia!" Percy calls, and the little one comes tearing out the front door. "Muffins? Muffins!" The cat twitches a little, head turning toward the girl as she rushes to him. He's swept up in Celia's arms, earning quite some hugging, stroking, and the like. "Muffins!" She smiles up at the four. "Thank you!"

Kyrel grins, handing over the cat to the little girl, and handing her the strip of jerky as well. "There you go. I promised Muffins this for being good, and he was."

She claims the jerky, and skips off into the barn, giggles raising. Percy offers an appreciative smile. "I guess wolves wern't the case..."

One of the boys, looking a few years older then Celia, watches them from the window, while the other, looking in middle teens, stands in the doorway.

Kyrel shakes his head. "No. An ettin, actually.... a two-headed giant. He was laired a few miles back that way. We ... dealt with him."

Rosalie nods, absentmindedly.

A quick nod. "Good riddance then, and thank you for risking yourselves for us. If there's anything I can do..."

The boys seem rather bewitched with the newcomers, paticularly Rosalie.

Derleth smiles to the farmer. "Thank you again for your hospitality, you and your wife both."

Rosalie smiles at the youngsters. "Although a nice bowl of supper might be ... pleasant."

Kyrel smiles. "Your wife promised us dinner and a place to sleep tonight. That's fine, really."

Silniya is quiet, for a moment, before asking, "Excuse me, sir, but could you show me your fields? Your flock?" This seems to be a confusing little surprise. "Why... ah, yes, yes why not... Any reason why." "I know a bit about the ways of the wild, and all. Make sure they're all healthy, no parasites. I can survey it if you point me in the direction."

Percy points behind the cottage, towards the northwest. "That way, along those hills, and the like." He turns back to the others. "Surely. We'll have it right cleaned up for you...." Turning, "Jacob!" The boy starts. "Get your brother, we're going to clean up the barn right quick before supper."

Derleth glances at Sil, wondering what she's about...but he doesn't ask, especially not in front of the farmer.

She nods, at that. "Just call me to sup," Before turning, and jogging towards the hills. The boys come out of the house, following Percy to the barn.

Everyone is invited into the cottage after a while. The table is set, as well as any table-like surface to accomidate the four new guests. Potatos, some bread, and a meat that's most sheep. Silniya had came in, after having scrubbed up in the water basen outside.

Rosalie smiles at the farmer's wife. "Smells delicious."

She beams, and all set to eat. Percy pauses, looking to Derleth. "Ah... Derleth, do you have any meal er, blessing prayers?"

Kyrel pauses and waits for Derleth to bless the meal.

Rosalie puts her knife down, and stares intently at Derleth.

Derleth's demeanor has relaxed somewhat, and smiles thankfully at the farmer's wife, dressed in his cleric's robes. At her comment, he nods. "The Lady blesses those that dare, to make their way and their fortune in the wild and untamed. May she bless us all, for taking this bounty together in harmony."

"Amen," It's said around the table. And thus the meal begins. After a moment, Jacob looks to Rosalie. "You're ah, er what kin-" The younger brother seems to chime in. "What kinda elf are you, Miss Rose?"

Rosalie pauses in mid bite, then raises one eyebrow. "Well, lads, what kind of elf do **you** think I am?"

Percy gives a little glare to the young one, before smiling almost apologeticly. "The children havn't seen all of the world's... differents." If he has or not, that's left off. The child, unhindered, "A loon-" Jacob nudges his brother, and attempts to sound somewhat intelligent. "Gray?"

Derleth winces slightly, deciding to concentrate on the food, though he does look up at Sill, checking to see that she's well...

Rosalie tilts her head. "Loon? Nay; I'm no birdwitted elf. But grey? Seems a bit weak for this fine silver hair, don't you think?"

Silniya seems better, and if not a little bit more relaxed. As if to distract the conversation a little, her attention shifts to Percy. "Your flock seems well tended, sir, and the area surrounding, I've seen no tracks of wolves. If there are none, they've steered clear, or at the least, won't come around for a long while."

"Pretty silver, too!" Celia chirps in, gnawing on her potato. "Like moonlight!"

Rosalie smiles at Celia. "Why, thank you, child. That's very ... very poetic."

+++edit: if there are none/if there are any.

Derleth hides a smile. He figures then, that part of what she was about was to warn the local wolves, if there were any, away from the Farmer's grazing area.

Kyrel sits back and eats, listening to the conversation and keeping Kiri in reserve if a distraction seems needed. He smiles at the child's description of Rosalie.

Percy nods to Silniya. "Thanks, yeomaiden." Celia practically beams. "Yes'm! Papa says I could be a bard someday."

Rosalie grins. "A bard, eh? Going to travel the world, wirte a few songs, gets famous ... Well, don't forget to write the Ballad of Muffykins."

She giggles brightly. "And his moony savior?"

Rosalie shakes her head. "I didn't save Muffins." She points her fork at Kyrel. "He did."

Celia peers towards Kyrel, and looks thoughtful. "But I don't know what to call him..."

Rosalie says, "Call him the Mighty Sorceror Who Flew Through the Heavens and Plucked the Cat from the Sky?"

She shakes her head, smiling brightly. "Too long."

Rosalie says, "The Flying Dutchman?"

Kyrel snorts. "Just a bit, yes. Call me Kyrel the Mage, if you want to write that song. And don't forget about Kiri."

After the meal, and a roughly comfortable place in the barn, spots dotted with lots of hay, sleep found. Breakfast was given that morning, before they set out. Not but a day's travel ends them in a little town, a room set at the Roaring Mouse. A note left that informed them the Mill had pre-arranged a like-wise room in an Inn not far from the High Forest.

Kyrel, not too long now, has felt the pricklings of someone scrying on him.

Kyrel's noted it twice. Once, brief, while approaching the town, the other, having followed him into the Inn.

Kyrel glances around as the party enters the 'Roaring Mouse'. He frowns after a moment, then whispers to the others, "Don't look now, but I think we're being watched... there's some kind of scrying going on, and I think it's aimed at us."

_Scrying? Us? Or Mr Bones?_ Rosalie nods, slightly, and finds a seat.

Derleth sighs in frustration. "I hate watchers...." he mutters quietly.

"Hey there," Inquires a man with what looks like a... horn, sticking out of his forehead. He's behind the bar. "Sirna, get the new ones!" A woman in an apron nods, and walks towards them. "Drinks?"

Kyrel nods. "Aye, an ale for me - and what do you have for dinner?"

"Chicken, a bit of beef, potatos, beans, I believe we still have some berry cobbler. Soup, too."

Rosalie oooohs, perking right up at the berry cobbler. "I'll have doubles of the cobbler, please. "

Derleth smiles briefly at the man. "Soup and cider."

Kyrel recieves a voice in his ears, a recognizable voice. Nimera. "Kyrel, do you mind company?"

The barmaid nods this, turning to Kyrel. "I'll have some water, a bit of chicken, and some soup," Sil orders.

Kyrel says, "Chicken, potatoes, and beans for me..." He looks distracted for a moment, then smiles. "Nimera? We're at the Roaring Mouse in Mirabar, and not busy at the moment. I'd be delighted."

Derleth doubletakes when he realizes the bartender has a horn. _What the..._

Sinra takes the order, and heads back behind the bar, where the horned fellow nods, getting the drinks. The scrying stops, and by the time the drinks are there, Nimera is simply... there. "Dizzy," Zoa announces, wobbling on the mage's shoulder.

Rosalie grins at Zoa. "Hello there; you like berry cobbler?"

Derleth doubletakes again as Nimera is suddenly there out of nowhere. "uhhhh...." he says intelligently, trying to reorient.

Zoa perks. "Yumyum!" Nimera gives the corollax a slight grin. "You're going to look like a butterball." Her head turns to Derleth. "Teleport. The only way to travel."

Kyrel stands as Nimera fades in, and bows her to a seat at the table with the rest. "Welcome. How did things go with our .. mutual acquaintance?"

She takes the seat, while Zoa hops onto the table, wandering over to Rosalie, to nip playfully at her sleeve. Sinra, coming back, asks for drink and dinner orders from the newly arriving woman. "Just a bit of white wine, please." A nod.

"Well, he's thankfully now no longer a member of the AOEER. And, I spoke into the right ears, and there's a few nasty rumors running around about him, as well as a few Watch detectives hounding him. I'm content."

Derleth takes a leap of logic. "Were you the one scrying on us?" he says to Nimera.

Kyrel grins. "Ah, yes, the Watch. They probably won't be able to pin much on him, but they'll certainly annoy him."

Rosalie smiles, gingerly stroking Zoa's head. "Say, pretty bird, you ever met any others just like you?"

She nods. "Yes. I did it a week ago, aswell; you were still on the road. When I scryed this morning, there was a sign by the road."

Zoa peeps, and leans her head into Rose's hand. "Yesyes. Jungles have me and others."

Derleth smiles a little, glancing sideways at Kyrel. "What prompted your attention, if I may be so both?"

Rosalie oooohs, smiling at Zoa and petting her carefully. "You think someday you could introduce me to a little friend? One who ... one who likes to travel?"

\*\*\*\*\*both/bold

A spread of her hands, stirring a few crumbs still left on the table to wander after her fingers. "To talk? Give the whatwhat on Malvolio, if not to see how the trip's going." A bit of a grin. "That, and I brought you all something."

Derleth's curiosity is piqued. "oh?"

"Zoa's smarter then many others," the bird peeps, hopping a little. "Because of Nimera."

Rosalie ohs, peering at Nimera. "I ... I see."

Kyrel wakes up his familiar. "Dinnertime, Kiri. We've got some chicken on the way." He turns to Nimera. "Well, the trip has been mostly uneventful. We did rescue a cat."

Kiri comes out of his hiding place, quite delighted, before finding a spot on the ceiling. He flutters his wings at Zoa, who bobs her head.

Kyrel, as always, watches for reactions as the bat reveals himself.

Nimera shows the satchel on her hip. She opens it, and removes a scroll case, before uncapping, and sliding out a bit of parchment. "After a bit of convincing, I got a copy of the most up-to-date map to the High Forest. I used a spell to make a copy that combined the newest features of two different maps, since they were both lacking in detail to some areas."

Kiri swivels his head, then chirps.

Kyrel glances up at his familiar. _Roaches? Oh, well. We're not staying too long._

Derleth blinks, and then grins. "That was very thoughtful of you, Nimera. A princely gift." _Especially since cutting through the forest will allow us to go to Cormyr without going through Waterdeep._

Rosalie smiles too. "Will we find your family in the High Forest, Zoa?"

Kyrel raises both eyebrows at that. "Thank you, Nimera. That's quite a gift."

She spreads out the parchment. A Vast majority of it still appears to be unchanged forest, but there are some etchings of small settlements, if not what looks like a fort near the center, on the northeastern side. As well as some Xs, etches, and wide loops. Silniya looks over the map, grinning a little. "Still not fully developed."

Kyrel says, "They never are. We'll add to it as we go along."

Zoa peeps and bounces. "Don't know if they're there." Nimera looks up, smiling a little towards Rose. "Actually, Zoa's species is a tropical bird. They're more common along the Moonshea isles."

Silniya looks sideways at Kyrel. "Sometimes, it's not always best to do that, atleast for maps accessable by those who may use it."

Rosalie ahs. _Moonshae Isles. I'll have to drop by there sometime._ "Thank you, Nimera. Zoa is incredible."

If a bird could beam, Zoa does, a little color rippling through her feathers. She then preens a wing, for a moment.

Silniya's comment collects a curious scrunching of Nimera's face, before she turns to Rosalie. "Yes, yes she is."

Kyrel grins up at Kiri. _You're incredible, too._

Kyrel says, "Something wrong, Nimera?"

Kiri chirps his agreement.

Nimera looks back. "Hm? Oh, just... I don't quite understand what you ment, Silniya?" "A map suggests that it's been explored, and charted. Which would encourage others who get the map to go, thinking they can find what they need. And thus more people coming into areas which are either too dangerous for their own good, or potential for settlers, poachers, and..." A rueful grin, "People like us."

Rosalie looks intrigued. "So Nimera; any places you would recommend we ... visit? or avoid?"

Silniya gestures on the map, her finger brushing along one of the circles, over the north western quarter of the map, "This is the range of _Grimnoshtadrano_."

Kyrel smiles apologetically. "Silniya's a bit wary of humans going into new areas, I'm afraid. We won't hand out copies to everyone we meet."

Rosalie tilts her head. "Grimnoshtadrano?"

Nimera looks a little understandingly. "We do cross intentions with Druids and yeomen." Nimera's eyes light, as Silniya speaks, and she echos Rosalie. "Grimnoshtadrano? This is his range?"

Silniya nods. "Aye. The Riddling Wyrm."

Derleth blinks. "That sounds like..." He winces. "Oh gods...a dragon's name."

Rosalie looks really intrigued now, and traces out the range, trying to fit it in their route. "Do you think ... She would mind, if we dropped in?"

Kyrel says, "Aye, it is." He looks at Rosalie, a bit in shock. "You want to drop in?"

Derleth shivers. "I have no desire to stop in on a dragon, riddling or not..."

Blinking, Rosalie slouches a little. "Ummm ... it sounds ... interesting? Don't dragons get lonely too?"

"He," Nimera and Silniya chime in at the same time. Silniya glances to Rose. "Generally, he's sleepy, and doesn't come out. Though if he catches one, and wants to play, a won riddle, or stumping him gets your life back."

Nimera nods her head. "Yes, yes, and wasn't he the one that flew over Waterdeep? There was a big huff with some bardic menace, and it ended with her being snatched like a hawk to a mouse."

Rosalie looks at the map again. "How many riddles would we be allowed to pose, Nimera?"

Kyrel says, "If he's that fond of riddles, though, maybe she's still singing for her supper."

Derleth looks blank. "Must have been after I left...I never heard of that."

Silniya shakes her head. "If it's between me and the rest of you, I'd prefer we not poke him. Win or no, I believe there's a tribe or two that protects his lair like badgers."

Kyrel says, "As I understand it, you exchange riddles... you each give one, and the other has to solve it. The first one to miss one loses..."

Rosalie nods, slowly. "So for now we give his domain a pass."

Kyrel says, "For now. Unless you've got a lot of really good new riddles."

Rosalie grins. "I'll have to start a journal."

"A tribe of what?" Nimera questions. Silniya shakes her head. "It doesn't matter. Dragons, **especially** in this Forest, have their claws dipped into everything, if they're social enough to make ties with the surrounding beasts with half a wit."

Derleth nodnods. "Let's leave the dragon's alone." He looked over the map. "I don't know anything about the Lost Peaks..." He points at a small mountain in the northwest sector, and then moves his finger to the mountains further south in the middle of the forest. "But the Star Mountains are supposed to be gryphon ranges, I think...and the Sisters, the hills south of that....well, I know what they're called, but nothing more than that. And the river Unicorn Run is fed from there, and it travels south to the River Shining."

Nimera nods a touch. "I'd heard he bested a Riddlemaster, so crossing tongues would be a bad idea." She extracts from her satchel another scroll, offering it to Kyrel. "A spell of Sending. Contact me, if need be, hm?"

Silniya glances to Kyrel. "Where did the Diary and the book point the Eilistraeeans out at being?"

Rosalie looks at Kyrel. "Mind you, if you kept a teleport spell handy ..."

Kyrel grins. "I usually do. We can pop back to Selegaunt any time we have to, but we'd have to abandon the horses and the cart."

Kyrel says, "Thank you, Nimera. I appreciate this. And feel free to drop by any time, too. Always glad to have company."

Rosalie says, "Not if we stabled them beforehand. Planning on using the spell, rather than keeping it for a last resort ... It changes things, doesn't it?"

"I just don't want to teleport in when you're in the middle of a fight, or heeding the call of nature." The wizardess imparts a wink.

Kyrel nods. "That it does." He turns back to Silniya. "Didn't say exactly, but probably near the Sisters and somewhere close to the Unicorn Run - within a half-kilometer of the river."

She purses her lips, and nods a little, regarding the map. "Admittedly, I was more in the northern area, so I won't be able to put my finger on it."

"Cobbler!" Zoa exclaims, peeping cheerfully, as the food arrives. Nimera moves the map out of the way, lest it be damaged.

Rosalie grins, dividing her cobbler in two and offering half of it to Zoa.

Kyrel says, "We can hunt them down if we decide to. But let's get Bones home first - he might not understand the difference between different groups of Drow."

"Kyrel, the way I understand it, we'd have to go near to Cormyr to get him 'home'," Silniya replies. "However, I do know of a Wood elf settlement or two, whom... I had association with. They'd likely accept him."

"Or we could always just toss him out at Evereska."

Kyrel nods. "That'd be fine. He wanted the rites, I think, rather than a specific place. At least, he didn't mention a specific place..."

Rosalie pays attention. "What do you know about Mr Bones, by the way? Other than that he prefers to hunt drow?"

Derleth says, "Very little. He wasn't **that** talkative."

Kyrel says, "Actually, that they hunted him. Upset him enough that he stuck around after he was killed... that's how we met up with him."

Rosalie's face falls. "So he wasn't a drow hunter?"

Kyrel says, "Well, I _believe_ he was. But they got the best of him."

Rosalie ohs, quietly. "I wonder how long he's been dead ..."

Nimera takes a hold of the map, and peers at it. "Hmm... Y'know, Kyrel, there may be a way to get around traveling through the North East side. There's a town not fifty miles due southwest," She shows. "I'm sure that, with a little scrying, and the use of several Translocation spells, you could probably end up here, with your things moved. Then just head into the forest from there. But, it'd be advised not to do it from too great a distance. Shorten the area of missing the jump."

Kyrel says, "We don't know. He couldn't tell, and he didn't give us a date of death, either."

Derleth looks wry. "Let's hope there's no drow in the High Forest..."

Rosalie ohs again, even more quietly. "What condition is his body in, Derleth?"

Derleth says, "Only bones, honestly. And there's still some wax residue on them, I think..."

Kyrel looks at the map, considering ways around the Riddling Wyrm.

Derleth shakes his head. "He was extremely mad at having his remains put inside a wax mock-up of a drow."

Rosalie blinks. "I ... I can imagine. I wonder ..."

She adds, "The AOEER have a portable hole which they are willing to loan out for some collateral. I'm sure the majority of your things could be loaded into that. With a few Reduce spells tossed around, to lighten the weight of all the traveling materials..."

Derleth scratches his chin. "We could go to Westbridge that way, I suppose...it would save time, but only if Ky could manage it..."

"Or, Hell," The wizardess comments, "If there were a way to make arrangements, just stable your horses somewhere, have them traded in, then purchase simply the pack animals in this new city, taking the important ones with you."

Kyrel says, "Seems a lot of trouble to go to when we're not really in a hurry, though. Besides, I don't know Reduce."

"Hm. Point." Nimera simply shrugs. "All to save you time."

Derleth glances at Rose. "Something wrong?"

Kyrel smiles. "They're very good suggestions, though. I'll have to learn Reduce in case we -do- need to move quickly at some point."

Rosalie says, "Wrong? No. Nothing's wrong." She waves her hand in front of her face, dismissively, and digs into her cobbler.

Derleth doesn't look convinced, but drops it, looking at Kyrel instead. "Surely Nimera can get the spell for you, through her contacts, yes?"

_I wonder though ... could it have been? He surely did hate the drow ..._ Sighing, Rosalie digs in to her cobbler, offering Zoa another spoonful.

Zoa noses her beak in, eating happily, pushing out some of the crust to get at the sticky berries.

Kyrel looks at the magess.

"Ha, Wizard! Not likely. This doesn't look like one of those pleasant run-through-the-trees rain."

Kyrel flaps the reins, urging the cart horse into a trot to make it to shelter before the storm breaks.

All pull into the barn, where the stablehand helps them get the horses situated and reined. He smiles, "Good to see someone come through here! Bet the storm's driven everyone else off the road."

Kyrel says, "It was a near thing for us, as well. This place new?"

Derleth nods, setting up Platinum with a bag of oats. "Looks like a bad one..." he agrees, petting the muzzle of his faithful warpony.

Rosalie pats her horse on the head, stabling both mares carefully, and then shrugging her backpack onto her shoulder.

Platinum enjoys his oats, and settles in for some rest. "New?" He asks, before shaking his head. "Few years, maybe."

Kyrel says, "That's new enough. This place wasn't on any maps we've seen."

"Figures," He replies. "Well, you likely have the rule of the roost; only one other person's came through here." He points to a horse on the other end of the stable.

Derleth chuckles. "hey, Ky...the map has mostly towns on it anyway. Since the towns are usually where the inns are..."

Rosalie eyes the horse carefully. "What kinda person?"

Derleth grins at Sil, nudging her. The brief breach between them has been healed in the interim, and he murmurs, "How about I give you a footrub after dinner..."

He rubs his chin. "Lanky fellow." Rain has begun to fall outside of the stable.

Adding, "Grizzled old vet, by the looks."

Rosalie digs out a copper or two. "He arrived tonight?"

"Aye. About an hour or two before you."

Kyrel says, "Well, if he wants to chat this evening, I won't object. And if he doesn't, we won't bother him. Let's get into the inn before it starts coming down in buckets."

Silniya looks back to Derleth, grinning a touch. "Sounds good to me."

Derleth chuckles, favoring his lady love with a light kiss before leading her inside.

Rosalie hands over the coppers. "Can you let me know if he chooses to leave early? Say ... in the middle of the night?"

He claims it. "All right..."

Rosalie says, "Thanks."

They head inside. As the stablehand had mentioned, the main room is relatively empty. A warm smile greets them from the bar, a middle-aged woman wiping the glasses. From the looks of it, a near ancient man is sitting in a rocking chair by the fire, asleep. "Greetings! Can I get you anything?"

Derleth smiles. "Mulled wine, to take off the chill of the rain, good woman."

Rosalie grins. "Mulled cider sounds fine. And a room, a hot bath, and a good night's sleep."

Kyrel says, "Mulled cider does sound good, tonight. I'll have that, as well."

"Well! Quite doable. We have so many rooms upstairs. Fancy ones, cheap ones..." She starts to get the glasses. Silniya imparts, "I'll have a touch of cider, sure."

Derleth gives Silniya that 'look', and makes a note to make sure her room has a bed big enough for two...

From the back hall, a door slams, in walking an older gentleman in traveling cloths, an ornate blade swinging on the belt. He tossing a book onto the counter. "Thank you for lendin' the book, lady. And, your privy has a leak in it." Walking over to one of the tables, to drop down.

Kyrel wakes up his familiar. "Dinner, Kiri."

Kiri chirpchirps, and slides out, to flutter onto the ceiling.

Rosalie admires the newcomer; approval twinkling in her eyes as she takes him in ...

Derleth looks the man over briefly, wondering if there's any familiar insignia about him...

Just as the stablegroom had mentioned: grizzled. His cloths have knicks and a hole here and there, more from wear and tear of the road, then anything, but he isn't Unclean, at least. Scars are like a roadmap over an arm, cheek, even an ear, hinted under the five o'clock shadow. Old: Hair that's more gray with streaks of black, then anything. Corded muscles have gone gaunt, but still look sturdy enough.

Rosalie raises one eyebrow, whistling under her breath.

"I see someone else didn't want to spend their shower out doors," He offers with a grin that shows crows-feet on the edges of lips. "What hails you?"

The ciders and wine poured, the woman behind the bar is more waiting for everyone to sit, before bringing their drinks.

Derleth smiles. "Most recently of Selegaunt, travelling to Westbridge. Yourself?"

Rosalie merely smiles, letting Derleth do the talking. All the easier to admire his ... his attributes.

Kyrel chooses one of the larger tables and nudges Silniya and Rosalie toward it while nodding to the waitress.

Rosalie sighs, nudged onto a bench. Nursing her drink she scowls up at Kyrel. "What; a little friendliness never hurt anyone ..."

She brings the drinks, setting them down. "Ah! Well, I'm from Shadowdale, 'rigionally. But, at the moment..." He spreads his weathered hands. "Where the wind takes me, eh?" A glance toward one of the windows. "But, I think for the moment I can stay away from the wind."

Silniya reaches over to idly ruffle Der's hair, settling in herself.

Kyrel says, "It doesn't look like much of a crowd tonight. Care to join us for dinner?"

Rosalie grins winningly at the man. "Why not tell us all about it? It's been a lonesome week ..."

Derleth blinks, looking at the man respectfully. "From Shadowdale! There's good men about there...I'm surprised you left. Less you were tired of the Zhents knocking at your door every other season..."

Kyrel murmurs, "That _could_ get old, yes..."

The fellow draws up, and wanders over. Claiming a chair for him, and straddling it backwards, allowing a place to prop his arms, "Eh, not much to tell. I live." A wink. A glance to Derleth. "Nah. Didn't want to live in the shadow of the 'Sage of Shadowdale'." An eye-roll. "Be sure that he's a decent man, but no need to follow in his conquests, hey?"

Derleth chuckles. "I'll not ask you what the Old Mage is really like, then...I tend to stay away from folks like that myself. Too often bad things seem to cluster around them."

Rosalie nods, sipping her cider. "Much better to do your own conquestadoring ..."

He nods to Rosalie. "Yes, yes." A little sigh. "But, y'have to be careful with that sort've thing, y'know."

Kyrel takes a long pull of his cider, hiding a grin behind the mug. When he's over his amusement, he lowers it again. "Are you coming in from the east, then?"

Derleth shrugs. "Shadowdale is more than just the Mage's home...many heroes come from the Dales."

Rosalie chuckles too. "Indeed. Bein' choosy can be a ... a virtue."

He wags a finger at Rose. "Indeed. Y'need to be careful how you live your life, passing through in some cases quietly, instead of making some noise. Else, instead, when you get to the end and look back, it's not a peaceful glade, but a blasted earth." He turns, "Some high spirits, good woman!"

Derleth smiles, finding himself warming to this old man-at-arms.

"Ah well." She shrugs, taking another sip of the cider. "Some ships pass in the night ... and never slow down." She turns back to look at the bartender. "I wonder if there's any food to be had."

A slight grin. "Don't mind me. Just a little wizened. Some people have nine lives. I think I'm half way through my second cat." The woman brings over a slender glass. "Thank ya, good woman." She overhears Rose, and nods. "Yes; what would you like, miss?"

Rosalie tilts her head. "A nice piping hot substantial meal, followed by a long piping hot bath, and a good night's sleep. Which of these do you offer?"

"I think we can handle all three, miss," She offers warmly. "If you're looking for the best bed in the house, we have a rich room, too. Usually we get newlie-weds passing through, or some rich merchants. Big comfy bed. We have a tub, if you cared, and the oven is warm as is."

Kyrel nods. "What's on the menu, then?"

Rosalie looks sideways at Kyrel. "I think the large bed might be a little much for a single lady such as myself, but the others sound lovely. Gentlemen, shall we order supper?"

Derleth nods. "I'm up for some grub."

"Mm... Surprise me," She says with a tease. "We were stocked not two days ago, a little grocery caravan passing through."

"Shame, that big bed going to waste," The older gentleman comments with a chuckle. "Then again, laying diagnially and being swallowed up by it can be a guilty pleasure."

Rosalie hmmmms. "A little lobster, tenderly steamed, on a bed of lemon flavoured rice?"

Derleth chuckles. "Even Lliara won't help you with that one, Rose...I'll keep it simple. Bread, cheese, and a hank of meat, don't care what kind."

She looks a little crestfallen. "Sorry, the only bit of that would be some stream fish. There's a stream not too far off, that springs off a bigger river, and they're usually caught and stored."

Kyrel says, "Fish sounds good, actually. I'll go for fish, and whatever vegetables are in the pot."

Rosalie nods. "Some fish pie would be wonderful."

The bartender glances to Derleth. "We have some vension, actually," This Silniya perks to. "I'll have the same he has, with the vegetables." The older tablemate adds, "Mmm... Actually, I'll have what he's having," He thumbs towards Kyrel. "WIth a bit of bread." She nods. "Surely."

"You know," says their new tablemate, "I miss these meat-pies that a little stand in Suzil are famous for. Delicious. Wish I could just bring them with me."

"I figure we ought to be getting to the part where we introduce ourselves, before bed, hey?" The older fellow says around the lip of his glass, grinning a touch before a sip of the strong stuff.

Rosalie sips her drink. "Indeed. I would be Rosie."

A slight grin. "I think this is where I should be comparing you to a flower. But, I'll avoid that, and just say you're quite fetching, Rose."

Derleth cannot keep the blush completely from his cheeks at the innuendo, his hand finding Sil's under the table. _Looks like the newly-wed's bed might be reserved...and not by me and Sil._

Rosalie blushes winningly, smiling and looking down. "Indeed."

Silniya idly pokes Derleth's thigh, and smiles a bit. "I'm Silniya." She reaches over the table, and they clap hands in a shake. "Good to meet you, Silniya. I'm Cornelius, actually." He leans back, letting arms settle onto the chair. "And dubbed 'Corny' by a few, mind you."

Kyrel suppresses a chuckle. _I don't think I've ever seen a seduction with an ongoing analysis before..._

Derleth chuckles. "No jokes from us, I assure you. Derleth of Lliara."

Kyrel says, "Kyrel Thalessian. Pleased to meet you, Cornelius."

The bat chirrips from his post on the ceiling. "Ah, yes, and my familiar, Kiri."

Thunder rattles the front of the Inn. Cornelius glances to the window again. "Talos needs to lay off the spicy food; his stomach must be crying." Looking up, "Ah ha! So, how does my hair sound, little fellow?"

"And, what's taking you all to Westbridge?"

Derleth feels Cornelius can be trusted, so he speaks up. "A stop on the way to the high Forest, actually..."

"Oo. You've got some stones, you do," He says with a chuckle. "Good luck, down there."

Derleth chuckles. "Duty can be a harsh mistress...but Lliara will favor us."

Kyrel says, "So far, so good, at least. Anything new going on in the High Forest that we should know about?"

Rosalie finishes her fish pie. "Surely it can't be _that_ bad?"

A shrug. "Oh, I havn't been there in a long while. Last time I remember it... I was still full of piss and vinager, and likely a lot of Dwarven Holy Water when I decided to go in there with some friends." A chuckle. "We ran into a basilisk."

Rosalie grins. "And you had a mirror with you?"

He shakes his head. "We fought hard, and long. I died there. May I rest in peace." He winks. "No, no, we all made it out relatively safe. But, believe you me, I don't take mirrors for granite, after that."

Derleth smirks. "Course not...you don't have a mirror, you'll end **up** granite."

Rosalie tilts her head. "And do you? Rest in peace, that is? Or do you sleep more ... actively?"

Derleth tries not to choke on his wine.

He looks back at Rose curiously. "Well, I would think most do sleep laying still. Not since military days have I slept while marching." Relaxing, "Generally, I sleep like a log if there's a good bout of exhaustion for it."

Silniya passes Derleth a wiping cloth. "Swallow carefully."

Rosalie ahs, shrugging. "Ah, well then. Wouldn't want to keep you from ... sleeping ... now would I? What time, Kyrel, should we plan on leaving tomorrow? And I wonder if the bath's set up yet."

Derleth hides a smile. _Damn, Rose, why not just stick your tongue down his throat..._ He wipes his mouth.

Kyrel says, "Not too early, I don't think. Let's see what the weather is like when we wake up."

Cornelius offers up a smile. "A good thing about traveling with the wind is, you don't have to worry about when to rise and when to settle. Sleep will find me when it does." He sits back. "I wonder about the sheets. I'm not picky, but if they turn up silver, good then."

_If they turn up silver ... Dammit, is that a yes or a no. Why are men always so fiddling obscure._ Rosalie sighs, standing up and grabbing her bag. A bath awaits.

The beds are cozy, the rooms good. One has a bedside table with an oil lamp, and a bay window, showing the raging storm outside, the surging water. Another, the largest room, it's bed has courtains that hang down, able to fall for privacy.

Kiri stirs Kyrel, alarmed. Kyrel awakes, to find the sheets of the bed full of holes, grimy and crusty. Rosalie is jarred awake by the intense feeling of heat, while something wiggling around at her feet under the blankets, and it's not Cornelius laying besides. The bed creaks, the door sagging on it's hinges, part of the exterior shattered. Derleth's mind filled with the horrible vision of a white-hot blast, before he sits up, Silniya starting beside him. The bed's frame almost coated in the hanging of cobwebs, the window in the far side of the room shattered, rain from the tempest sweeping inside, sending puddles along the floor.

Rosalie jumps out of bed, gloriously naked, grabbing the gloves and shoving them onto her hands. She looks around, eyeing the armour, but shakes her head. Ignoring the chilly air she looks at whatever's wiggling at the foot of the bed.

Kyrel, taking a further survey of his surroundings, would find there's... a pretty big gap in the floor, off to one side of the room. Wood charred, cracked, the curtains which were harbored are now crispy and smoke-stained. The hole in the floor would seem as though it fell inward, collapsing.

Kyrel swears and rolls out of bed, reaching for his pouch of spell components. His equipment is still where he left it, seemingly intact even though the room changed around it.

Derleth goes from thinking he was burning up from the dream image he got, to shivering in the cold. "What the fuck?" he breathes, looking at Sil for some kinda of clarification. Going from sleepy cuddling in a warm bed to...this. "Okay, something's seriously screwed. Armor first." he suggests to Sil, getting out of bed.

Cornelius sits up in bed. "By Orcus!" He leaps out of the bed, taking up the sheathed blade propped against his side. There's a lump moving around in the bed. Unsheathing the weapon, the scabbard is used to throw the sheets aside. Bared to the air is a fat, molting rat, looking up as the hiding space is suddenly taken from it.

Silniya starts, aswell, and gives a simple nod to Derleth. "Right. Don't disturb the webs. Don't know if there's anything still living in it." She rolls off the bed, before moving to her things.

Derleth looks wryly at Sil as he tugs on his padded underwear, having gone to bed without clothing for...various reasons. "Lucky you, you have a fur coat."

Rosalie eeeks, jumping back a foot. "A rat!" Snapping her fingers, she grasps the short sword that immediately appears, and uses it to skewer the critter. The blood spatters over the bed sheets, and Rosalie dances back. "Cover my back, Cornelius? I'm feeling a little underdressed."

_Gloves make the ensemble, but not when they're all I'm wearing, dammit._ Rosalie grumbles.

"Good to see you don't jump on a chair like some lasses," Cornelius imparts, but his voice is a little unsettled, despite the attempt at merriment. Thoug, a bit of roguish light comes to him. "Again? Most certainly." He, of course, finds himself a pair of pants while watching ht edoor.

When no immediate menace manifests, Kyrel takes a moment to stuff his feet into his boots and moves into the hallway still in just his tunic and boots. He shouts, "Is everyone here?"

Silniya snorts at Derleth, while wiggling into what little clothing is neaded under her leather armors, then buckling on her weapons' belt. Outside, the sound of the storm is still raging, the rain coming in from blasted windows. All ready suited up, Silniya moves to assist Derleth in getting his armor on.

Rosalie closes her hand, watches the sword disappear once more, and dives into her clothes, donning them quickly but still carefully. _Last time it was the wife. Why couldn't this time be like last time?_ Buckling up her armour carefully, she shrugs her arms into her backpack, and notches an arrow on her bow. "All dressed and counted for!"

Derleth calls back, "Der and Sil checking in!"

As Kyrel steps out into the main hall, he can see the large window that was present, on the small landing just before a small set of stairs to finish the assent to the second floor. It's glass shattered, the rug that was there but a few hours before is black beyond recognition, as is the walls, the stairs looking both charred, and rotted.

Kyrel says, "Rosalie? Is Cornelius still with you?"

Cornelius calls up, "I'm here, more or less."

Derleth gives Silniya a quick kiss as the last of his straps are tightened, and he grabs his flail, looking back to make sure she grabs her swords as he eases the door open...

Both of Sil's blades are out, the shorter one coated in the acidic sheen embewed within.

Derleth pokes his head into the blasted hall, looking about for Kyrel.

Rosalie moves over to the door, peering down the hallway. "Why don't you throw some clothes on, dear. The sheet ill becomes you."

Cornelius, having shucked on a pair of pants, nods. "Now I regret leaving my armor in My room." Throwing on shirt and vest, the sword's sheath-belt is attached to hip.

Kyrel calls, "The place looks like it went through a fire - or maybe a magical fight - quite some time ago. I'm not sure whether --" He breaks off as Derleth comes out, then continues in a normal conversational voice. "Not sure whether we went forward in time, or whether the inn was a seeming of some sort last night. Doesn't seem to be immediately threatening - I'm going to get dressed." He goes back into his room and returns a few minutes later.

"Which door, Cornelius? We can go there together, and I think right now I facy you more in something a little ... " Rosalie winks.

Derleth smiles wryly as Rose is able to keep her humor, motioning Sil out as Kyrel finishes dressing.

Silniya crouches in the hall, nudging the floor, as well as running fingers across the burnt carpet, sniffing a touch at the wood.

Derleth glances down at Sil. "Can you tell anything, or are the scents of age too overpowering?"

Cornelisu grins ruefully towards Rosalie, and leads her out of the room, down the hall to a smaller one. This pushed in, he goes to some travelbags, and starts donning the chainmail.

Sil shakes her head. "It's old. Very old, but how long, I can't tell. A few years? A decade? Half a century?" Outside, the night is still a tempest, thunder rolls, a flash of lightning, as rain is blown in through burst windows.

Rosalie looks curiously around, as Cornelius dresses. "So; these little adventures happen to you often?"

Popping on a helmet, Cornelius grins back towards Rosalie. "I could ask you the same thing. Nothing like this, though!"

Kyrel says, "So what in the nine hells happened? I'd send Kiri to check on the horses, but not in this weather. They should be fine for a bit. What should we do now?"

Derleth shakes his head. "the whole thing was an illusion. Even the food. I can hear my stomach rumble. Good thing I brign my own oats or Platinum would be pissed."

Rosalie grins. "But you won't, will you?" She pats him on the head. "Not such a nice gentleman as yourself. Now, shall we rejoin my friends?"

Kiri chirps, flittering about the ceiling before finding a half-decent spot to hang.

Derleth says, "Well, my first suggestion, mage, would be to look downstairs."

Derleth gets another idea. "And cast some dweomer detecting spell as well."

Rose recieves a pat on the bottom in return, before Cornelius slips out of the room. "We might want to check the other rooms upstairs, aswell."

Rosalie steps into the hallway behind Cornelius, thoughtfully assessing **his** rump. Mumbling an old, familiar spell under her breath, she looks around carefully. After all, there might still be magic around.

Kyrel nods to Kiri. "Yes, that's exactly what we all did. Something magical, no doubt. Not your fault - you probably didn't even doze, it just happened."

No signs of magic cling to the halls. Well, accept for the items of the assembled five.

Rosalie shakes her head at Kyrel. "Whatever magic there was, it's gone now."

Kyrel nods. "We should've checked last night. Ah, well. Let's see what's happening."

Derleth snorts. "It's too bad being an illusionist doesn't impart any special powers regarding illusions **you** don't cast. Sil, take point. Let's go down stairs."

"We could always split up," Cornelius offers.

Kyrel chuckles. "It can, but the best illusions are those that match what you expect to see. Who's going to check that an inn at a crossroads isn't a seeming?"

Rosalie steps back a moment, and sticks her head back in Cornelius's room. _Just in case I smell another rat._ Then, out in the hallway, she eyes the remaining door. Shrugging, she opens it.

Another bedroom. However, this one, closest to the stairs, seems the most fire-ravaged. The walls are cracked, or eaten through. The bed is purely black. And Rose, piercing the darkness with her gaze, can spot the cinder-colored skeleton laying in the bed.

Stepping forward, Rosalie's eyes sweep the room. "Kyrel? We've got a live one here!" Throwing the door open wide, she steps forward. _Or at least, Delrleth's no use now ..._, she mutters.

Silniya gives a nod to Derleth, but pauses. Crouching, she prods the stairs with her sword-tip, putting weight on it now and then. "These may have been weakened to the point of falling in. I'm going to go first." Turning off her short-sword, and sheathing it, one hand grasps the railing, whlie she walks down carefully, keeping as close to the railing as possible.

Derleth looks back at Rose as Sil makes her way down. "Come again?"

Silniya turns on the stairs, looking back up at the group. Which causes the structure to groan. She winces.

Kyrel says, "Sil, maybe you'd better let me go first... I won't fall if I break through." He drifts past her, hovering a few inches above the stairs.

Cornelius slips in after Rosalie, and shakes his head. "Horrible way to go," He assesses.

"And it won't hurt too badly if I fall through," She comments, but lets the mage head first.

Sticking her head out the door, Rosalie grins. "Don't worry about it, Derleth; just watch Sil's back. I think Kyrel would be better equipped to solve this one."

Kyrel alights gently on the stairs in front of Silniya, then walks down gingerly, ready to go back into the air if something gives way.

Cornelius walks towards the bed, and shudders. "For a place consumed in fire, it feels... Cold over here." Of course, that could be from the draft coming through the window. He approaches, peering out, and winces. "Ouch."

Derleth chuckles, and goes back to watching Sil's back, squashing the first prurient thought that comes to mind when Rose uses that phrase.

Rosalie follows Cornelius to the window. "Ouch?"

One of the stairs wobbles, and part of one cracks, but the stairwell relatively is safe. As Kyrel comes into the taproom, he notices something. Beneath the hole in the ceiling, where his room is, sets the chair the old man rested in the night before. Only, a burnt crossbeam is laying in it, and beneath which gleams the smokey remnants of bone.

Kyrel says, "We've got a body down here. Looks like he was either killed by a falling beam, or by a fire."

Cornelius points downward. A third body found... or what's left of it. Slightly submerged in mud, those leavings gleam white, untouched by the ravages of fire. However, if one looked close, they could definetly see the taletell signs of a break, along the spinal bone, just under where a skull would go.

Rosalie hmmmms, eyeing the window carefully. "Do you have a bow, Cornelius? I'm going to need a little cover ..."

Derleth follows Silniya once she's tested the stairs. "Yuck. Seen better days, that's for sure."

Silniya and Derleth touch ground, along with Kyrel.

All three feel it, a tug, a surge of emotion. Woe? Dispair? Whatever it is, it sends the hair along necks raising, chills through bones. It almost feels like... the experience with Mr. Bones.

Cornelius nods his head. "Yes, I've a crossbow." He runs back to his room, and simply grabs the travelbags. Claiming the crossbow, the grizzled warrior returns. "Ready."

Derleth shudders. "Ky, maybe you better see what Rose found. Sil, let's go check on our passenger and the horses." he says, suddenly wondering.

Rosalie grins. "Wish me luck." Flinging him a salute, she throws herself out of the window. She tumbles for a minute, and then slows, slowly floating to the ground.

Cornelius gawks a moment, before chuckling, putting his foot on the window-sill and 'covering' Rose. Lightning leaps through the air, lighting the raining landscape, no doubt earning a flench from him. "I have to be wearing Metal, don't I?"

Rosalie grins up at Cornelius. "Yes, dear. You did."

Kyrel nods. "Be careful out there in the rain..." He heads back up to the upper floor, bypassing the stairs by flying up to the landing. "So what did you find up here?"

Silniya trembles a little, looking left from right, seeming spooked herself. Through the side door parralel to the stables she goes, sword-tip leading.

Cornelius looks back. "Two bodies," He calls. "One in the bed, one on the ground."

Rosalie looks around slowly, her eyes searching out any hint of a cause for this behaviour. Slowly, she moves around the building, heading first for the stables.

Rosalie passes over the skeleton in the muck, and is nearly overpowered with the waves of emotion, of cold - something that's never truelly gotten to her before -, of something Else, which courses up her body.

Derleth follows Sil closely, his flail lifted as he murmurs a supplication to Lliara, to ward this unnatural chill from his bones...

The stable is relatively safe. The roof is rotting in some areas, the hay stale and old, and the horses are completely scared, but all seems relatively well.

Kyrel pulls his torch out, providing a steadier light than the lightning flashes as he checks the skeleton. "This one and the one downstairs. There were three people staffing the place last night...I wonder where the last one is?"

Rosalie moves quickly to saddle her horses, after checking them for damages. And while she's there the other horses are tacked up too. But she shivers. _Funny; cold isn't usually a problem ... This is colder than the look of that one princeling, when ..._

Cornelius nods a little bit. "Aye."

There is a moment of inner radiance that suffuses Silniya and Derleth, and theyir spirits are bolstered.

Derleth checks the coffin, which stirs, slightly, as he approaches.

Derleth blinks. "Okay, that's not right." he says, getting Sil's and Rose's attention.

Rosalie moves over. "What's wrong, Derleth?"

Yet another wave of unnatural chill, of presence washes over the three. Even if it doesn't stirr at Derleth and Sil so much, they feel it. From the wind and rain outside of the stable, a figure stands, impassive, dark. It begins to walk into the stables, nearly cloaked in the shadows, for the moment.

Derleth motions with his flail. "Our coffin is moving." And then he sees the figure. "Stand and declare yourself!" he cries.

Cornelius points out the window. "Down there."

"There is great pain here," Comments the figure. Derleth and Silniya recognize it, but slightly. Coming within relative view, the translucent features of an elf bare themselves. "So strong, it hurts."

Derleth lowers his flail slightly, listening to the elf. "Do you know what is the cause?" he murmurs in a more respectful tone.

Kyrel peers out the window. "Ah. Rosalie went out that way, I take it?"

taking a step back, Rosalie looks intently at the elf, staring at his features as though hoping to recognize him.

"Like a snowflake," Corny confirms.

Kyrel murmurs, "No surprise...." He turns back for a moment. "The stairs seem to be mostly safe, just watch the broken one. I'l follow her for now. Meet us at the stable."

Rosalie doesn't recognize him. For one, there's a touch of blue hair, much like sapphire, to the ghostly Moon elf. She remembers mention her father had silver, much like her mother. "Death," He replies, simply. "It reaches into the restless place which I am bound, stay. It clings to this place, to these people, reliving their moments, by the clingings of past, of misfortune." If it were possible, the spirit looks sad, yet understanding.

Cornelius gives a nod. "Aye." He hoists up the saddlebags, and putting sword away, carries his crossbow out, before heading down the stairwell, minding the warning.

Derleth sighs, sliding his flail into its baldric. "Is there any way we can put this place at peace, as we so intend to do with you?"

Rosalie sighs, too. _Damn. Damn and blast._ "Right; so how do we help?"

"The dead put to rest," He says, a touch of impatience in his voice. "It is a desire for all spirits; to have their last wishes finished." Head turning toward the Inn. "Concecrated," He replies.

Rosalie says, "Consecration should be easy enough, right Derleth? Here, let me finish saddling up the horses while you consecrate ..."

The elf seems to... smirk. "Last rights. Buried. Ashes. Layed to rest." He turns, then, and draws towards the edge of the stables, mists beginning to ckick up around him. A turn towards Rosalie. "You are much like your father." And into the rain he goes, to fade into nothingness. Just in time for Cornelius to come in.

Derleth just...stares at the place where the ghost walked. And then he stares at Rose.

Cornelius looks from one, to the other. "You all look like you've seen a ghost."

Derleth looks sourly at Cornelius. "Someone had to say it." He looks at the others. "Give me a moment. I'll need to pray to Lliara for the spell." He goes cross-legged and starts chanting the mantras to call for Lliara's favor...

_Bloody hell! The bastard!_ She glares intently at the coffin, her eyebrows drown into a deep vee of anger. "You ... you ..." Finally she gets control of herself, and turns to smile at Cornelius. "We have. I think there's a spade around here somewhere; want to help me dig three graves?"

Kyrel checks out the third skeleton. _Broken neck and shoulder. Might have been a fall, or might have been an attack._ He heads over to the stable and enters just behind Cornelius. "Happens to us a lot."

Cornelius raises his brow at simply... all around. Silniya gives a nod to Rose. "I'll help out. The mud will atleast make it easier to get deeper into the ground." With some searching, one spade, as well as a pick are found.

Rosalie shoulders the pick. "Where do you think the good folk might like to sleep their eternal rest, Sil? I feel the need to separate something ..."

Silniya chuckles, and Cornelius takes the spade. "Beneath a tree? No, no, the roots would be in the way. How about... Well, let's just go find some spots."

Rosalie nods. "Right. You lead the way. I'll just provide the labour. I could stand a little ... digging ... this morning." _The nerve of that ghost. Ooooh, if I ever get my hands on ... ooooh!_

Derleth prays shortly, not fully rested, and thus, not completely able to accept his normal full anointment. However, he does ask for the ability to concecrate the Inn and ground surrounding. And thus goes about it, laying salt and copper dust about the ground around the Inn, making marks of peace to Lliara on the walls, as well as blessing the ground which surrounds the graves. Silniya was correct; the mud, although dirty and slick, is easier to remove then hard earth. The bones are buried, waiting upon Derleth's last rites.

Derleth has shucked on his formal tabard, despite the rain, as it pelts down on his curly brown hair, his holy symbol laying over his clothing. "The cycle of life is complete, and these souls are returned to the earth. If their lives were full, then we grant them our blessing in their daring to grasp life in its fullest, to seek happiness. If their lives were interrupted, cut short, then we grant them our blessing so that they might dare again in the next life. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust." He makes a gesture, and then anoints the graves with holy water.

The rest of the evening, after some cleaning with rags found inside the inn, is spent within a rope-trick of Kyrel's. The sun was not far off after all the digging, but a few more hours of sleep are stolen, before they all set forth to Westbridge, Cornelius riding in the saddle with them.

Derleth glances at the others. "We should try and make good time. Our elven passenger seemed impatient when we talked, and I'm sure he wants his final rest soon."

Kyrel says, "I missed him. Did he say anything about his final wishes?"

Derleth shakes his head. "Nothing specific. But, since it seems he can manifest himself when he wishes, I'm sure we'll hear from him again."

Rosalie nods. "I hope so. I have some questions I would enjoy putting to him."

Derleth glances back at Cornelius, grinning toothily. "Spooked yet, old blade?"

Kyrel just raises an eyebrow at that. "Oh? Did you recognize him?"

Rosalie shakes her head. "No. But he recognized me."

Conrleius returns the expression. "Oh, I was at first, no doubt. But just some spirits with indigestion, and the like."

Kyrel says, "Hmm. That gives us a limit on when he died, then. If we can ask how old you are...?"

Silnia wags a finger at Kyrel. "Tsk. Not very polite."

Kyrel grins. "That's why I said 'if'..."

Rosalie grins, and winks. "Ask away. But wouldn't it be easier to ask him?" She pauses. "Do you think we could talk to him again?"

Kyrel says, "This is the first time he's even shown up, even when we spent months in Selegaunt."

Derleth says, "I could call him, using the same spell I use to call the spirits of the recently dead. But he's...not like other spirits. He could resist, possibly even more than a normal spirit."

"Perhaps he only comes out when something nudges him, like the hanging emotions here?" Silniya questions.

Rosalie nods. "Well, Derleth, I think it's your decision then. But it sounds as though there are things that need to be said, sooner or later." She looks around. "I'm just not convinced now is the time for that."

Derleth shakes his head. "Your guess is as good as mine. I've never seen a spirit manifest that was not undead."

Rosalie says, "Shall we ask him now, then?"

"The way I see it, I would think a ghost Is undead," Cornelius points out.

Derleth shakes his head. "I did not think to memorize that specific spell. We would have to wait till tomorrow, at least."

Derleth glances at Cornelius. "And he's not a ghost, as I see it. He's a spirit. If he were a ghost, he would be able to age us with his voice alone."

Silniya shakes her head. "Perhaps we shouldn't agitate him any further, until we're about to lay him to rest. He may, at the very least, be more willing to talk, if he's soon to be settled?"

Rosalie says, "I don't mind waiting. It's been long enough as is ..."

It is but a three fourths a week before the five ride into Westbridge, nearly at nightfall. The Inns are more towards the intererior.

Everyone rides into the twilight-draped streets. Everyone sans Derleth notices a man in clean cut, higher standing dress, carrying a box with a handle. However, Cornelius and Rose take notice of something else. The man's being shadowed.

Rosalie nudges Cornelius, with whom she's developed a definite rapport. "Nice chap. Cute box." And then she whispers, under cover of leaning towards him. _Being followed_

Derleth notices nothing because he's busy fussing over his horse, and feeding him sugar cubes. "Thanks for putting up with this travel, old boy." he murmurs fondly to Platinum.

Cornelius returns, "_I noticed that aswell._"

Platinum whuffles in answer. Sugar's good.

Rosalie turns to Kyrel, one eyebrow raised. "We may have incoming." She inclines her chin at the bloke with box. "He's headed for trouble. Or trouble's heading for him."

Kyrel nods. "Shall we lend a hand? I've got a few invisibility spells."

Rosalie nods. "Shall we?"

It would seem Box's shadow is a short man, with short-cropped hair, half hidden by his hood. He moves amid the people, sometimes drifting with a crowd, others shifting between horses of passerbys, but always on the tail of the Box-holding gentleman.

Derleth pets Platinum. "You know, I wonder what you'd say if you could talk. Maybe I could get a druid to tell me. There should be a few in the High Forest..."

Rosalie giggles, listening to Derleth fondle his horse in the background. "Shall I follow the follower, Kyrel?"

Cornelius looks a little chidded. "I'd offer to follow, but silence isn't one of my best qualities."

Kyrel says, "Might not be a bad idea... It's nearly dusk. I'll send Kiri after the fellow. We can stay a block back."

The man with the box heads down another street, his tail in tow.

Rosalie slips off her horse. "I'll catch up with you chaps. Keep an eye on my horses?" Then, moving quietly through the crowd, she keeps track of both men, following the second carefully.

Kyrel wakes up his familiar and sends him along with Rosalie.

Derleth blinks, finally hearing what's about. "Where's she going?" he asks the others.

Kyrel explains their suspicions to Derleth as Rosalie slips off into the crowd, shadowed by Kiri.

Silniya had been listening to the conversation, but nods her head none the less. Kiri wings after Rose.

Derleth grimaces. "Should we really get involved? I mean, I'm all for being heroic, but we got an irritated spirit's bones in tow. We shoudln't make to many...side trips."

Silniya leans forward to poke Derleth's shoulder. "How much of a distraction can this be?"

Kyrel says, "We're not going any further tonight. Can't hurt to ingratiate ourselves with the locals."

Derleth bites playfully at Sil's finger. "I'll remind you of those words when a portion of the town blows up." he retorts amusedly.

"Just as long as it's not the portion with the alehouses and brothels," Cornelius offers cheerfully.

Derleth smirks. "It's good to meet a man that has his priorities in order."

Derleth looks around. "This is not exactly Selegaunt, though...I wonder if Westbridge even rates a brothel. You'll probably have to settle for a barwench if you're tired of warming Rose's bed." he teases.

Rosalie follows the tail, Kiri flitting about above the two. Box heads down a side alley, briskly oblivious to the enterige following him. He pauses at a doorway in the alley, whistling as he digs for a key. The cloaked man reaches into his own, aswell, creeping closer, hiding behind a barrel.

"Who said Rose couldn't come along?" He jibes back, before spurring his horse after the sneaking woman's direction.

Looks back at the party and spots Cornelius coming after her. Glaring, she waves him off. _This isn't a procession; why don't you just watch my horses?_

Derleth blinks, and his face starts burning. He may be a little looser now, having frolicked a good many times with his beloved Silniya...but the idea of more than one woman and man together still gets him embarassed. "No comment." he mumbles.

Rosalie moves forward, shortening the distance between herself and the two men, her attention centred mainly on the man behind the barrel.

To all sans Silniya and Rose, two men across the street emmerge from relative gloom, and walk briskly toward the alleyway. Box opens the door, and steps inside, while Tail comes out from his hiding place. Taking from his cloak what looks like, of all things, a cup. Kneeling beside the door, the cup is placed to the wall, and ear is pressed against it.

Rosalie hmmms, leaning forward around the corner, and spotting the cup. Then she looks back, to see if anyone is following her, while pondering her options.

Derleth cocks his head, now able to see what's about. "Odd."

Rosalie spots the two determined looking gentlemen stalking across the street toward her. But their attention is more towards the interior of the Alleyway.

Rosalie steps deeper into shadow, pulling her cloak around her for that extra edge of concealment. She bites her lip, uncertain what to do. Then, coming to a decision, she slides around the wall and into the alley, taking great care to remain hidden.

Derleth runs over his available prayers mentally, in case action is needed...watching events unfold.

Rose is successful in blending into the shadows. The two men walk into the alley, one pausing in it's mouth to look outward, seeing if anyone notices. Meanwhile, his friend slowly unhooks a mace from his belt, and stalks towards Tail.

Kyrel listens to Kiri's running commentary as he brings up the rear of the group. _Listening? Hmm. Maybe the courier was the bad one. Annoying, when you don't know who's who._

Rosalie fingers the pouch at her belt, quietly slipping out her sap. _Blood stains so easily ..._

Derleth seems to be undergoing a similar confusion of conscience. _Who's good and who's bad? Dammit._ After a moments hesitation, knowing it may not reveal much, he murmurs a prayer to detect evil....

Everyone outside of the alley can't quite see, due to one of them loitering outside, blocking the view. However, Kiri wings back to Kyrel, chirruping! Derleth's spell goes off just as the man within the alley creeps close enough to get a good shot into Tail.

Derleth makes a decision then. He lets out a loud "Hey!", in an attempt to warn the listener...

Kyrel grimaces as Kiri reports. _Oh, well... knock 'em out and sort it out later._ He readies a Rainbow Pattern.

The shout comes a little too late. Tail looks up, and gets a glancing blow across the shoulder, falling away from the wall. "Little musical bitch," Growls the maceman.

The one in the alleyway turns around. "Hey, I thin-" The maceman hears that much, before Rosalie strikes like a snake, cracking the Maceman in the back of the head, and sending him to the ground.

"Damnit, Damnit, Damnit!" Tail spouts, grabbing his cup, and starts scrambling out of there.

Rosalie raises an eyebrow at the listening man, and then reaches out to tap him on the head too.

Rosalie grins, as the listener sinks to a graceless puddle at her feet. After leaning over to check his pulse, she pivots and faces the alleyway where the third man was standing. Her sap is held ready. _Can I go three for three?_

The man at the alleymouth curses, and dives into the street at a run.

Derleth had loaded his crossbow and has it pointed at the third man, however. "You gonna make me shoot you in the back, taffer?" he inquires coldly.

Rosalie steps out to the alley's entrance. The men behind her are out cold, and the one in front of her is definitely not paying attention to her. She cradles the sap in her hand, and pauses a moment.

Kyrel gestures as the third man turns to flee, and a shimmering pattern of light surrounds him.

Derleth sighs as the man keeps going, and presses the trigger....

Derleth's shot is hard. The man is running, though approaching one of the lamplights at the edge of the street. There's a few people, but they've made note to get out of the street now. He's turning the corner, as the bolt leaps from Derleth's crossbow. And it hits the man's calf, just as he turns the corner, his leg shot out from under him as he rounds the corner.

Derleth gives the reins a snap, pursuing on board Platinum, hoping that he hamstrung the man....

_Well, so much for three for three._ After watching the byplay of magics and crossbow bolts for a few moments, Rosalie steps back into the alley. In turn, she picks up each of the two fallen men and drapes them artistically against the wall, so as to arouse little suspicion. Recovering the cup, she puts it to the wall and listens intently.

Cornelius chuckles a bit. "Good shot." Silniya follows Derleth around the corner, to find a trail of slick blood leading behind an empty street vender's booth.

"...And then we're gone tomorrow," Comes a voice from inside the cup.

Cornelius leans over to Kyrel. "Say, does coincidental happenings just follow you all around like this?"

Derleth swings from his saddle. "Fair." he agrees with Cornelius, following the trail with his flail in hand...

Kyrel follows Derleth and Silniya, leaving Rosalie to sort things out in the alleyway. Maya trots around the corner, and the half-elf reins her in when he finds them looking at the blood trail. "All too often..."

Derleth walks around the cart, and finds the man huddled, clutching his leg, with a nasty looking dagger bared.

"Happened with me and my boys, too. Seems trouble just finds people willing to take it."

Derleth smiles coldly at the man. "We can do this one of two ways friend. You can drop the dagger, and tell us what you were about, or I can call a column of flame down on your head."

Kyrel says, "What, and set the whole place on fire? I've got neater spells."

Derleth glances at Kyrel. "Well, I was just trying to get his attention. Besides, scaring a man to death is such a nasty way to go...and they usually wet themselves."

His grip on the dagger goes white. "I'm dead either way," He replies with a sneer. Doesn't look too able to deliver a vicious strike, but nor does hie look about to give up.

Derleth shakes his head. "We don't kill in cold blood. If you're reasonable..." he trails off meaningfully.

Kyrel says, "We're just nosy passers-by. Talk to us, maybe we're not interested after all."

"Who said anything about You," He growls. "If I talk, I die. If I don't, I die."

Derleth sighs, turning to whisper to Kyrel. "Got a hypnotic spell on hand?"

"Fine, fine," Comes the voice into Rose's ear, "Just put them up for now. Who knows if the Musicians are breathing down our necks."

The first voice returns from the cup. "That's what we have the boys outside for." The second returns with "Point."

Derleth rattles his flail suggestively. "We could get you out of town if you cooperated."

A roll of his eyes. "Done in either way." A gesture down the street. "Man's listening in on business."

Kyrel leans over to whisper back. "One. It might work, or it might not. Worth a try."

Derleth gives a nod. "He's all yours, mage."

Rose hears some footsteps that drift away from her point of hearing.

Kyrel murmurs the spell, his voice calm and soothing, lights playing in the fellow's face. "Talk to us... we can protect you. You want to tell us about what you're doing..."

The wounded man waves his dagger. "Don't be trying any of that hocus on me, street-mage; they'll call down the heavens in compared to you."

Rose hears nothing else.

Kyrel hrrms. "Hardly a street-mage. But you do seem to be too focused to persuade that way. The offer stands, though. Talk to us, and if we like what we hear we can get you out."

Cornelius slides off his saddle. "Well, man, you can either live, and be not recognizable to them," He taps his sword hilt, "Or, you can end up a corpse, one way or the other. What of it?"

The dagger-wielder levels a glare at Kyrel. "You really think you can stop anything the Black Network touches?"

Derleth whistles. "So you're Zhentilar. Things start to make sense."

Cornelius bristles. "Uh... Kyrel," He leans over, muttering, "I don't know about you, but I... don't want to be dipping my paw in this larder."

Rosalie leans away from the wall a moment, checking on her captives. They're still out cold so she leans forward again.

Derleth glances at Cornelius. "You're probably already on their list if you fought for Shadowdale any length of time." He looks back at the man, chewing his lip.

"All the more reason to not get their attention _now_." A shudder. "I want to die in warrior's honor, man, not what's left of those they execute." This no doubt sets the dagger-wielder a-twitching. "Damn right!"

Kyrel says, "Is he, or is he opposing them? Something is going down, and there do seem to be two sides involved. Why else the tail and the guards?"

++edit: Cornelius said that first part.

"_Harpers_" The dagger-wielder growls.

Kyrel says, "So which side are you?"

Silniya whistles, and shakes her head. "I have this feeling we're getting in way over our heads."

Derleth purses his lips. "You know, leaving right now seems like a better idea, I think."

Dagger looks at Kyrel like he just grew another head. "Who do **you** think?"

Kyrel says, "I _think_ you're with the Zhentaril. But I could be wrong."

Derleth looks at Kyrel. "He stinks of evil. He's what sets off my alarm. So unless the Harpers stanard for recruitment have gone down hill..."

"Give the man a prize," he growls.

Derleth looks at the others. "The Harpers might be on the side of the angels, most of the time...but I make a motion to go to the closest inn and forget this ever happened."

Kyrel grins, mostly at Derleth. "Fair enough. I don't have that advantage, my friend." He decides not to mention names at this point.

Cornelius nods his head. "Can't quite trust a nosey musician. Causing trouble and bragging about it, those Harpers."

Kyrel snorts. "The Harpers are nearly as much of a pain in the arse as the Zhents, if you ask me. "

Derleth looks at the man chewing on his lip. "If I heal that wound, will you forget our involvement?"

Kyrel says, "Backing out of this is quietly as possible seems indicated."

Dagger gives a quick nod. "If you'll forget your involvement," He adds.

Kyrel says, "We'll certainly try."

Cornelius smirks ruefully at Kyrel. "Generally, the Harpers don't go about slaughtering and blasting, but the Harpers can be a serious political thorn."

Derleth smiles wryly. "Neighbor, all I want right now is a mug of cider and a warm bed now. Put the dagger down. I don't want my entrails in the street for doing a good deed."

Derleth finds Kyrel's vehemence regarding the Harpers interesting, and files it away for later.

Dagger sets his blade aside, as requested.

Derleth kneels at the Dagger man's side and places a hand on his calf, healing the wound and retrieving his bolt.

It closes, and he gives a curt nod. "Thank you, healer man," And he stands up. Sheathing his dagger, "Now, make sure your guttersnap back there doesn't beat my partner's brains in. But if she slips a knife between the Harp's ribs, be my guest." With that, he hurries out of there.

Cornelius rubs the back of his neck. "To be honest, I'm tempted to start heading Waterdeep-ward. Mort owes me some money."

Derleth snorts. "You wish. Maybe I don't want to get involved, but I wont hurt a good man, Harper or not." he mutters to the air after the Zhent leaves.

Kyrel says, "So let's get Rosie and get out of here. I'm not really _that_ down on the Harpers, but I'd rather not get involved. Seemed the right thing to let him hear, though."

Derleth smiles at Cornelius. "If it's in your mind to set off, we won't begrudge you, Corny."

Rosalie moves to the door, testing it carefully and quietly to see if it's locked.

It is, infact, locked.

Rosalie sighs. _Purses first, door second._ Leaning over the two men, she quickly riffles through their pouches, belts, and other common hiding places. Any kind of clue would be ... helpful.

Derleth looks sideways at Corny. "I'm surprised you're that distrustworthy of the Harpers, though. The Old Mage is one, and so's the Lady of Shadowdale."

Rose finds a bit of gold in Tail's pouch. However, pinned on the inside of his moneypurse, she finds something. A little badge, a harp crafted of silver. The badge of a Harper.

Cornelius gives a little grin. "I was disbarred, actually. Didn't exactly do what Old Blackstaff requested."

Rosalie purses her lips and looks again at the door. _There's a story here. Should I go in?_ She pauses, mulling her options carefully. Then, pocketing the badge, she moves back to the door and pulls out her lockpicks.

After a few seconds of maneuvering, she hears a click. Cautiously, she opens the door a few inches, and listens intently.

A small store-room.

Derleth blinks. "Gods man, why would you go back to Waterdeep then? If I had the Blackstaff mad at me, I'd keep further away than I do now."

Rosalie sticks her head around the corner, carefully, looking the room over carefully, searching for alternative exits.

He chuckles a bit. "Well, despite Blackstaff's displeasure, I still love the place. Besides, Thann and I ain't that bad set apart."

Two doors lead off the room.

Rosalie sighs, shaking her head. _Looks like the birds have long since flown._ Carefully closing the door, she steps back into the alley way and considers the two unconscious men. _I can wait here or ... No. Too conspicuous._ Deciding to wait for the others, she searches both men again, more carefully, just in case she missed something on the first go round.

Derleth double-takes. "Whu? Thann? There's a member of the Thann household that's a Harper?"

Rosalie recovers seven gold, twelve silver, a bar tab from Mace, but nothing really important.

A shake of his head. "No, no," He retraces. "Thann's Blackstaff's nephew. He's a socialite, and can tell a good story. And is in associatin with a ravishingly beautiful half-elf."

Everyone heads towards the alley where Rose is.

Derleth grimaces. "You mean Danilo. Gah. I don't know what you see in the man. He sets my teeth on edge, and I only met him once, at one of my father's parties."

Kyrel murmurs something in Elven. _"There's no accounting for tastes..."_

Cornelius tips his head to Kyrel. "But, tastes are aquired."

Rosalie looks up to watch the others approaching. She smiles, at Cornelius, and gestures grandly at the men at her feet. "These, Derleth, are yours. I think they need a little attention before we can question them." She fingers the badge, then sighs. "And one of them's a harper. That one." She points at the tail, while slipping the badge in her pouch.

Derleth shakes his head. "We'll leave them where they lie. Hmm. Actually, let's carry the Harper elsewhere. I'm not going to question them."

Kyrel says, "Yah, we kinda found that out. The others are Zhents. We're trying to decide if we can just quietly extricate ourselves from this mess."

"Good idea," Silniya replies. "Don't want one waking up and stabbing the other."

Rosalie awwws, and pats the Harper on the head. "Pity, that. It seemed so ... promising."

Derleth grins at Sil. "I'm thoughtful like that."

Derleth shakes his head. "Nothing against the Harpers, but...let's let them clean up this mess without our help."

Rosalie sighs wistfully. "Don't the Harpers help those who help themselves, usually with a nice reward or ten?"

Derleth chuckles. "You're thinking of Lliara. The Harpers aren't big on monetary rewards. Besides, we're already doing them a favor, not elaving their agent to be gutted."

Rosalie nods, and picks the harper up, tossing him over her shoulder. "Let's get a room then. I'm starving." She winks, at Cornelius.

Kyrel says, "Did any of them see you, Rosalie."

Rosalie shakes her head. "Don't think so. Well, maybe the Harper. He had time to try to start running. And the guy at the alley entrance, of course."

Kyrel says, "Ah, well. We didn't favor either side particularly. Maybe we'll get away with it. Did you find out what the courier was carrying?"

Rosalie says, "Just a bar tab. And a few coins. I never found the carrier. But the conversation was odd."

Derleth nods. "Best forgotten."

The Zhent is simply left inside the door of the building. However, the Harper is safely transported three blocks over, set behind some boxes, before putting a bag of trash over him. The smell isn't too good, but atleast he's safely hidden. And onward to the Inn. Notes from the Mill suggests the safest route to the High Forest, a trail that would take about five days' trek from Westbridge. Cornelius announces his intent to head toward Waterdeep, much to Rose's pouting. However, after a rather long goodbye, and then adequate rest, everyone sets out.

On the third day, on an overcast afternoon, the group is riding along the path.

Rosalie shakes her head. "I still don't understand what happened. And why we ... why we left."

Derleth sighs. "We have a man to bury, who's already been waiting a long time. And honestly...I don't want to get involved with the Harpers."

Kyrel says, "Or the Zhents. I'm not at all interested in getting mixed up in high-level intrigue."

Silniya seems to be in much more enthusiastic spirits. "And we're going into home territory."

Rosalie ohs? "Isn't that the best kind?" She turns to look back at the cart. "Still, if we raise the spirits first. There's some talking we haven't gotten aroun to yet."

Derleth smiles grimly. "Well, maybe we'll get involved with the Zhents on our own schedule...being heroic and all. But I'd rather not go looking for trouble with them, aye."

Riding along, Derleth and Silniya both perk up, hearing very clearly, "Help? Anybody! Help!"

The voice sounds destinctively nasal and high.

Derleth chuckles wryly. "And on that note...time to be heroic."

Kyrel sighs. "Here we go again. It had better not be Zhents and Harpers this time..."

"Is that voices I hear? Anyone out there? Help me!"

Rosalie nods. "It's about time." She nudges her horse forward. "Sil? Want to investigate?"

Derleth gees up Platinum, and comes down the small path through the grasslands ahead of the others looking around. "Where are you at, man?"

"Sure enough," She replies, and hitches her horse after Derleth. The voice replies, "Look for a big tree!" Very useful, since there are a few trees around. "Uh... Look for a boot!" About seven yards off, a boot seems to bounce out of the surface of the earth, before falling back down. Further peering would spot a hole.

"Help me out! I'll give you a reward!"

Rosalie climbs off her horse, and leans over the hole, looking down. "A reward? What kind of reward?"

Derleth tsks at Rose, getting off his horse and looking down into the hole.

Inside the hold is a gnome, looking dirty, stuck inside a nine foot pit. His big nose wrinkles at the statement. "A magical weapon. Just get me out of this goblin hole, please?"

Rosalie turns to look at Derleth. "They offered." She sulks, and then turns back to the hole, pulling rope out of her pack. "What kind of weapon?"

"What kind do you want?" He asks, putting on his shoe.

Kyrel says, "How'd you get down there?"

"I didn't jump," He calls up with a grin. "I was out here looking for flowers."

Rosalie grins. "I've always fancied a magic sap. That little extra oomph." She tosses the end of the rope into the hole. "Hold on; I'll pull you out."

The gnome takes hold of the rope, and grips it. "Okay, pull!"

Derleth smiles at Rose. "It's not about getting a reward, Rose. I'm a priest of Lliara. I'm all about rewards. But I prefer them from people that can afford it, and not taking advantage of folks."

Rosalie easily overhands the rope out of the pit, pulling the gnome back on to the grass. "He still offered. I'm supposed to say no thank you?" She turns to the gnome. "Thank you for offering, it was very sweet." She dusts him off, carefully. "There; all better?"

Kyrel says, "It's one of those karma-balancing things. He's providing good luck for someone else."

Derleth laughs. "You're probably right, actually..."

The gnome points at Derleth. "You are a good man." He turns back to Rose. "You wish for a magical sap?"

Rosalie shakes her head. "Nah. But it was nice to indulge in the dream."

He blinks, and looks around. "No one wants a reward?"

Rosalie grins widely. "For what? A little lifting? Don't be silly. But if you know a good place to stop, I'm thinking it's time we break for lunch. You're welcome to join us, I'm sure."

Kyrel shrugs. "It's not like it was a major effort for any of us. We don't want to take anything out of proportion."

The gnome smiles, and his giggle is a little shrill and childlike. "Beware your travels, on this road," The voice is very high and almost fey, before he dissappears.

Derleth boggles.

Silniya gapes.

Rosalie hmmmphs, and looks pointedly at Derleth. "Out of proportion, indeed. More than he could afford, indeed." She sighs, and feeds her horse an apple. "Well, shall we be off?"

Derleth glances at the others. "Well, that was...unexpected."

Kyrel just looks blank. "Interesting...."

The high voice imparts, "Good choice, the ungreedy rewarded just."

A giggle, and it is gone.

Derleth shudders, and looks wryly at Rose. "Told you."

Kyrel says, "It would have been magic, but would it have been _safe_ magic...?"

Rosalie grins. "Isn't the point rather moot?"

Derleth says, "Let's just continue on, m'kay?"

The group nears the forest, and the weather isn't any better. But, instead of a fierce tempest, it's more like a light rain, during an overcast afternoon. They approach a small embankment which rests on the right side of the road, with trees and foilage along the left.

Rosalie turns back to Kyrel. "Shall we camp on a hill tonight?"

Kyrel says, "Out in the open? Let's find somewhere with water and a bit of shelter, if we can."

Derleth chuckles. "If the hill doesn't mind."

The group passes ever closer to the foilage. Derleth and Rosalie make notice of something curiuos; the ground along the embankment here or there has a slight indention, and 'gaps'. And then Rose catches something. A man perched on a tree-limb on one of the trees along the side of the road. And then all hell breaks loose.