> (OOC) Log "Gaiden-2011-02-10" started by Doc at Thu Feb 10 22:02:57 2011 CST (OOC)

> (OOC) Damon will go with Touji, for no apparent reason.

The cylinder of metallic alloy, crystal and carbon reflects the occasional sunlight that washes over it. Below it, the Earth spins lazily, unaware that this enigma occupies space at the upper reaches of its gravity. The cylinder in turn could be said to be unaware of the Earth. Sooner or later, though, the two must meet - the object occupies a decaying orbit. If unchecked, entry into the atmosphere will no doubt burn it to cinders, along with whatever lies hidden inside it. And fall it does, at the steady pace of five centimeters per second.

---

Ohyama High School's most recent construction work was completed in 1998 - over a decade ago. In 2010, the buildings are serviceable but unattractive.

Two students who attend this school are orphans. They live in the same apartment building, sponsored by the special ward but unable to find foster families. The ward still insists that they attend school, so Kyoko and Touji find themselves walking together most mornings.

Most mornings are the same: attend class, prepare for a vocation or try for college. This morning is no different.

> (OOC) Doc says, "walk to school together! we're not here to accomplish anything but light RP, so move it along at your discretion :)"

> (OOC) Damon huh.. should probably pose something, eh...

> (OOC) Katja says, "Er, how are we going to do this? Spoof?"

> (OOC) Doc says, "yes"

Touji yawns, catching the piece of toast that falls out of his mouth. "Man, mornings come too early," he mumbles. "What a pain."

> (OOC) Doc says, "you got it! :D"

Kyoko skips out of her apartment with a smile on her face. In one hand she swings her bag happily. The other holds her egg sandwich. "Touji-kun!" she shouts as soon as she spots him.

Damon yawns sleepily. "Oh hi, Kyoko," he drawls. "What're you so cheerful for?"

Kyoko grins. "I have a good feeling about today. My horoscope said that something eventful would happen." She munches happily on her breakfast.

Grabbing Touji's arm, Kyoko sets a brisk pace in the direction of school. "Come on, then. Adventure waits for no one."

Touji rolls his eyes. "Not this again?" he says. "You and your horoscopes." He's grinning when he says it, though, and yelps as he's dragged off to school.

> (OOC) Damon fixes

> (OOC) Doc says, "keep going unless you are ready to jump, and at that time I'll move us along :)"

> (OOC) Damon got nothing special.

> (OOC) Katja says, "I guess we mozy then."

Ohyama isn't a particularly notable school; when little of true significance happens, minor gossips find fertile soil. Kyoko and Touji find themselves drawn into a knot of fellow seniors on their way up the stairs. "Did you hear?" whispers one to another. "Someone saw Minami in the park last night, with some old man! And she ran away from him, crying! What could it mean?"

> (OOC) Doc says, "this is Aoi Minami, of your grade level"

All sorts of speculation, idle or perverse or demeaning, follows as the students whisper to each other. It's clear that some fertile imaginations are found at this school.

Huh, snorts Touji, _sotto voce_, as he passes one such conversation. "Shouldn'ta been hangin' out with old men in the first place." He's _thinking_ something rather ruder, but Kyoko is listening.

Kyoko nudges him in the ribs with her elbow. She knows exactly what he's thinking. It's the obvious conclusion. "Stop that. Maybe he told her that she's a vampire slayer. Who are you to say?" She says this with wide eyes. Her lips barely even twitch when she holds in a laugh.

Touji smirks back at Kyoko. "OK, we'll compromise and say he told her _he_ was a vampire."

As the pair find their way to their classroom, they pass one circle of students breaking up to reveal Aoi Minami herself in their midst. Her eyes are red, and she can barely lift her gaze from the floor. She seems frozen in place.

"Wow," Touji mutters, his smartassery draining away. It's one thing to joke at someone's expense, and something else entirely to do it to her face, at least where Touji's concerned.

"Minami-san?" Kyoko takes a step toward the girl. "Maybe you should rest in the nurse's office?" She frowns in concern.

The girl swallows hard and wipes at her eyes. Her knees are trembling under the school-issued skirt. It's doubtful she can move anywhere on her own right now, much less make her way home or to the nurse.

Kyoko mentally curses. She hates dealing with emotional people. "Right. Touji?" She steps up and slides her arm under one of Minami's. She gestures with her head toward the other side of the girl while looking pointedly at Touji.

"Whoa, this is serious," Touji mumbles under his breath. Nodding to Kyoko, he takes up position on Minami's other side, though he waits to see how she reacts as he reaches tentatively for her other shoulder.

The girl doesn't resist, but she doesn't make it much easier either. She can be walked easily enough, but she's little more than a weeping automaton.

> (OOC) Doc says, "where to? nurse?"

> (OOC) Katja says, "Yes, nurse."

> (OOC) Damon says, "Yup."

The nurse's office is empty. Minami takes a seat, then cups her face in her palms and starts bawling. She doesn't seem to even recognize the presence of other people with her.

Kyoko looks around for a box of tissues.

> (OOC) Doc says, "you find such things, go ahead and use em :)"

Kyoko takes a deep breath before interacting with the weeping girl before her. She grabs a tissue. Kneeling before Manami, she carefully pulls one of the girl's hands down and stuffs the tissue into it.

"Kyo..yo?" Minami whispers, as though waking up from a dream. She sniffles, then blows her nose heavily into the proffered tissue. "S-sorry."

Kyoko just gives the girl a crooked smile and places the box of tissue on Minami's lap.

It takes a bit for Minami to regain her composure, but with puffy eyes and shaky breathing, she finally begins to speak. "M-met a man last night," she explains. "Got a letter, s-said he was my... my real dad. Asked me to meet him. He s-said he was sorry he'd never talked to me before."

"Wow. That's big," Kyoko says. She pulls over a small garbage can for Minami's dirty tissues.

"Then s-stupid Usui-kun shows up and gets it wrong!" The crying girl throws her latest tissue with as much violence as a schoolgirl can manage with crumpled up paper. It doesn't go far. "And now the school thinks.. thinks I... well, that's what they think!"

Touji is blushing by now, and looking in pretty much any direction except at Minami or Kyoko. He looks like he'd rather be a million miles away, except that leaving would be an admission of guilt.

Kyoko turns her head and sees how akward Touji looks. "Ne, Touji-kun? Fetch a cup of water, would you?"

"Right!" Touji says, and skitters out, grateful for even a brief respite, or at least a chance to think about what he's going to be doing differently throughout the day.

While the boy does so, Minami sniffles a little. "Kyoko.. what am I gonna do?"

Kyoko sighs. "I wouldn't pay any mind to the rumors. They're all over the map, from you being asked to participate in alien space missions to becoming a vampire slayer." She bites her lip to keep from chuckling. The girl is obviously distraught and wouldn't appreciate it. "Did you get to talk to him at all?"

Minami nods. "He said.. he said strange things. Like he'd made mistakes before with me, and stayed away for awhile, but thought he could do better. But.. I've never met him. I just don't understand.." She starts sniffling a bit more.

> (OOC) Doc says, "we aren't gonna go too much further, but we will wrap this up :)"

> (OOC) Doc says, "(or at least not leave it hanging) so keep on going :)"

"Did you try talking to your mother?" Kyoko's gaze starts wandering around the office. "Is there even a nurse at this school?" she mutters under her breath.

"I was afraid to," the girl whispers.

Kyoko raises an eyebrow. "Why? Does she have a temper?"

The nurse steps in; it's clear she's been listening for the last few minutes outside the room. "The administrator.. had to talk to me about something," she admits lamely, glancing at Minami. The implication is clear enough: she hadn't heard the rumors yet and someone thought she should be briefed on what to be checking for.

Minami hushes up immediately, looking away.

Touji follows in behind the nurse with a glass of water, and wordlessly offers it to Minami. "Here y'go," he says, as softly as he can manage with his normally gruff demeanor.

Minami accepts with a weak grip on the glass but a grateful smile, and starts to chug.

Kyoko stands and brushes off her knees. She turns to the nurse. "She's been stressed and probably just needs a nap. Is that alright?"

"That's fine." The nurse bustles about, clearly trying to look busy to make up for her unseemly absence earlier. "Thank you both. Now please return to your classrooms."

Turning to Minami, Kyoko leans closer and whispers, "Talk to your mom. She's the only one with answers right now." She squeeze the girl's shoulder briefly in what she hopes is a reassuring gesture. A glance at Touji and she walks out the door.

> (OOC) Doc says, "one from Touji and then we're done for the night! we'll pick this up another time, since there's more to the story :)"

Touji follows in Kyoko's wake, with one last backward glance at Minami. _I hope she'll be all right,_ he thinks to himself.

> (OOC) Damon fixes that.

> (OOC) Log "Gaiden-2011-02-10" stopped by Doc at Fri Feb 11 00:01:10 2011 CST (OOC)