Eros looks over the two mercenaries before him, frowning in thought. "So, we got peeper and loverboy, where's the other one?" he asks, shooting a look at his nymph. "Kalos, don't tell me we lost the other guy already." The nymph bites her lip, her nervousness somehow making her even more beautiful. "No my lord, of course not. I will go and get him immediately!" She bows to him, offering a divine view to the men before rushing out. A string of muttered curses follow her out the door.

Teleros almost breaks his neck as he cranes his head to watch the departure. "There's another?" he asks.

"Yeah, yeah, there's another," says Eros. He snorts and turns away, waddling over to a low couch, which he throws himself on. He doesn't invite his guests to sit, though. "So anyway, here's the deal. You guys are mercenaries, and I have a job for you. You pull it off, and I'll help you out. You just name it, and old Eros will find a way to lay his hands on it. Or your hands, knowing you boys. Sounds pretty good, eh?"

Titanos's cheeks glow themselves. "I guess there's even more of us to come," he remarks, staring at the door even as it closes. As Eros speaks again, his attention snaps back and he bows. "I, uh, hope we'll rise to the occasion, sir."

Teleros scratches his chin thoughtfully. "Go in, do your thing, pull out, that's the soldier's way alright," he says. "I'm interested."

"Excellent," says Eros. "It's a pretty serious deal. You know the reputation of this city, right? Well, there's a certain woman who is putting the whole damn operation in danger. She's a rabble rouser of the worst kind, and you know I just can't handle people causing issues in my city." The rather portly god shakes his head, "And the worst thing is I gave her a lot of chances to clean up her act."

Teleros waves his hand around vaguely, trying to encompass the concept of the opponent the god is asking help against. "That's terrible," he says, frowning. "Is she frigid, or just overly moral?"

Eros looks relieved that Teleros has hit the very center of the problem. "It's even worse. She's.. undesirable," he murmurs. "I mean, don't get me wrong, she's.. ahh well. You'll have to face that woman in her own place." Eros is interrupted when Kalos returns, shoving the door open suddenly and turning to introduce the third person. An attempt which leaves her blushing, "Eros, I present.. err... what was your name again, anyway?"

"Lavaeolus," replies the third person. He manages to tear his gaze away from the one who led him here in the first place, to address the rest. "At your service. Well her service anyway."

"Teleros," replies the archer, amiably. "We're the other two hired ah.." He glances down and around, then finishes: "Hired swords."

Titanos nods. "And I'm Titanos. Our new employer was explaining the job to us..." he says, inclining his head in Eros' direction.

Eros considers the newcomer with a thoughtful frown. "Eh, he's a bit boring, but he'll do," he says. "Anyway, let's get you guys to work. Kalos can show you the way." The nymph raises her eyebrows, "Huh? Me!? But.." Eros rolls his eyes, "Now. Get on out of here. Remember, you'll need to get rid of that flaw on the landscape. Just kill her and bring back proof that it's all done with, got it? Don't get fancy."

The archer called Teleros looks thoughtful, then increasingly troubled about something. "Eros, Kalos, there is something that pains me.. Can I speak with you both in private for a moment?"

Eros frowns at Teleros. "I guess, but make it snappy, boy. I brought you here to wipe out a problem, and we don't do rewards until after the job is done, got it?" The god waves the others out the door, though, "Move it, move it. Wait by the front desk."

Titanos peers curiously at Teleros for a moment, then shrugs, nodding to Lavaeolus. "I guess we've been dismissed for now," he says as he goes out the door.

After the discussion with Eros and Kalos is handled, the Nymph will lead Teleros out of the room. Whatever came up, it seems to amuse her to no end, though her mood changes a bit when she remembers what she has to do. "Well, let's get this going. Just remember, this isn't my idea. It's not like I can help you out, either. C'mon." Kalos will lead the way out of the palace, then, wandering back to the courtyard in silence, lost in her own thoughts even as she weaves her way through the green back into the streets of the city. It would seem that she's heading south and east, towards the center of the island.

The path is not a long one, and the magic of the city seems to be holding up nicely, preventing the three mercenaries from feeling even the least bit of fatigue. Kalos moves at a fair pace, somehow able to teasingly sway even as she tries to rush this unpleasant task. "So how is it you guys got picked for this?" asks Kalos suddenly. "No offense, but I don't recognize your names from any epics. And I love poetry. Have you slain any giants? Maybe you outran a centaur or something?"

Teleros chuckles. "My performances are heroic, but I have a limited audience," he says. "I play several instruments, but I was also once a soldier."

Titanos scratches his head. "I... I'm pretty sure I would've remembered if I had done anything like that." He grins. "Still, epics have to start somewhere, do they not? I'm sure Eros has his own reasons." He sobers a bit. "And then again, I'm not sure how heroic this... this job actually is."

"I've had this knack for keeping my name out of the epics. No giants slain, centaurs outraced... outlasted... well, ahem." Lavaeolus smiles, "Although it seems to me that if you get your name in an epic you generally tend to end up, dead. Unless it's about you."

"Now Heracles, he's in the epics, but it's so sad, isn't it? Killed his wife and whole family," says Kalos. She lets out a soft sigh and shrugs, "Anyway, well.. let's see." Kalos keeps a good pace to her steps, and it seems the path she is taking is a winding one, having to loop around the south shore of the island. It finds its end in a deeper darkness, where the lights of the island simply do not go. "And this is where I stop. Just follow the path a little further, then veer left and climb the slope of the hill. There will be a door. You can't miss it. Well lit. Just remember, she made it so the power of Eros doesn't flow strongly here. You guys are on your own."

"You sure you can't come with us?" Lavaeolus grins, then looks around, curiously. "This is it then eh? Time to test our mettle, all that kind of thing."

"It seems so," grumbles Teleros. "But I can feel my confidence sagging already." He shrugs his shoulders. "Oh well. We are born but to do and die."

Titanos rubs his chin. "Well. If she's strong enough to block his power on his own island... maybe she's formidable after all." He glances at Kalos. "Is there anything you can tell us? Y'know... warn us about?"

"Uhh," is Kalos first profound response to that question. She laughs suddenly, "Oh, right. Sorry, was just thinking about what to wear if you manage to win." She offers Teleros an impish smile and then turns back to Titanos. "Well, she has long, black hair, red eyes, slender legs. Oh, and a very firm buttocks. According to those I've spoken to who know a bit about her, she's also very charming and has a pleasing smile." Kalos looks thoughtful, "She has a very generous bosom, as well, and there's supposed to be a cute little mole right by her.. oh, wait, you wanted fight stuff, didn't you? Sorry, no clue about that."

Teleros smiles indulgently. "I think we'll make out just fine."

Titanos chuckles. "Well, at least we've got a description." He squares his shoulders. "I guess that'll have to do. But... y'know." He looks around. "The point o' all this is to make sure Eros' power returns here, right?"

"The point of what?" asks Kalos, blinking at him a bit. "I don't think my dress.. oh wait, sorry. Right, you know, get rid of her, get his power back. Sure, that's probably what he had in mind. You know, always trying to increase the size of his uh.. influence."

"Long hair and red eyes... firm..." Lavaeolus' voice is almost wistful for a moment. "Right we'll find her, see if we can't bring Eros' power back around here. I don't suppose you know where we're to find her? Or is it just around here someplace?"

"I just told you," says Kalos. "You go down this path, veer uphill, you'll see the door. All the others said it was easy to find! Well, those who made it back. Anyway, I bet you'll do just fine. There's three of you, after all." She seems to count just to doublecheck, too. "Yep, three heads and all that." She smiles again, winking at Teleros and leaning just a bit, as if to show just why Eros chose her as his nymph.

"I'll have you count again when we return," says Teleros with a smile. "For now, my fellow heroes, shall we seek to penetrate the heart of this mystery?" And so saying, he leads by example, walking for the path at a brisk trot.

Titanos says, still distracted by Kalos' attributes, "Uh... all right. Yes, I'm sure we'll be fine..." As Teleros turns away, he jumps slightly as if startled. "Right, right, let's go," he says, snapping at Lavaeolus, "What're you staring at" as he follows Teleros.

"It may take a little warming up to, but yes, I think penetrating the heart of the mystery is a good plan." Lavaeolus follows after Teleros. Down the path.

Kalos lets out a sigh as she's left alone. She sits down by the path and pulls out a small mirror and a small kit. It seems she's already preparing for that heroic return. As for the heroes, they find the going a lot less pleasant. As soon as they step away from the power of Eros, darkness returns, and only the dim light of the stars is left to aid them. The terrain is treacherous, as well. Small rocks shift under their feet, and to the left the ground rises by leaps and bounds. Fortunately a more reliable path has been made in the hill. Unfortunately it's broken up with many small cliffs, the first seemingly a good ten feet tall, with a smooth wall.

Titanos hrmphs. "Well, that's one giant stairway we've got here. It's gonna take two of us at a time to climb this thing," he remarks. "Well, I suppose we'd better get to it. Unless we want to try to climb beside the steps? That might be even harder."

Teleros shakes his head, looking firmly at the obstacle. "We'll mount these, no matter how hard things get," he declares. "I'll help lift. One of you two get yourselves up, then give me a hand."

Titanos shakes his head at Teleros, groaning slightly. "We'll just have to see how hard things get. Lavaeolus?" he says, forming his hands into a stairstep.

"Once more into the... breach?" Lavaeolus frowns. "Alright. I suppose I'll be the first one to di...scover what's up there." He steps forwards, and prepares to climb up the cliff. And so, they climb.

The climb is not an easy one. Even working together, the heroes get rather worn down. Wherever the stair is leading, it seems to be quite high. Twenty three stairs are traversed, and finally, rather dusty and worn out, they find themselves standing on a large, flat area that spans a good fifty feet to a truly prodigious cliff. A worn and tattered rope dangles from above, near the edge of the cliff. The door is not in sight.

The rope clearly is connected to something that stands out from the cliff, far above. Because of the strangely thick gloom, it's end cannot quite be made out. Tugging on the rope seems to hint that it can be moved, though it doesn't seem to budge until Titanos throws his full weight against it. The rope then finally moves, leaving Titanos staggering for a moment, and then the rope is suddenly drawn sharply back into its original position, as if some great weight was first pulled one way, and is now tilting back towards its normal position.

This at first does nothing at all. After a few seconds of curious silence, the clang of what must be an enormous bell fills the air. A few moments later, the cliff seemingly splits in half, each side along that straight crack swinging out slowly, and showing no signs of stopping.

Realizing what's happening, Teleros is the first to move - he's had much experience running from deadly and implacable things while questing for a woman, and this sort of thing comes naturally.

Lavaeolus is in motion in what seems like less than a second. His legs scrabble about on the surface, and soon his body is propelled in one direction, and danger is seemingly propelled in the other.

Titanos is frozen on the spot for a moment, then runs for cover, lagging well behind the other two, but moving at a good clip nonetheless. And most importantly, fleeing in the same direction as the other two - now is not a good time to be separated.

Titanos' almost moves too slowly. On his very heels the door sweeps past, so close he can feel the brush of the stone as well as the push of air. The doors stop their motion in an ominous slam, exposing a well lit entryway into what must be a truly gigantic hall. There is no sign of anything moving inside, nor any clue as to how the cliff doors opened.

Teleros skids to a stop, turning around. "Now may be our only chance, fellows!" he calls, and boldly begins to sprint for the opened doorway.

Almost before Teleros' reversed course catches up with him, Titanos has turned around and is making for the door. "Let's hope we're too small for them to see us..." he says. "No wonder - **pant** - Kalos was asking about giant-killers..."

"Running **into** danger... huh..." Lavaeolus shakes his head, but turns tail and runs just the same. It's not long before he's making for the door. "Oh, we'll have no trouble bringing them down to size."

It would seem that the impulse of Teleros is accurate. The doors are starting to swing shut, though this they do far more slowly than they opened. This leaves the trio standing in a cavernous hall. On either side huge torches burn to light the place. There is an oddity to the light though. Unlike normal flame, it seems to be all of one red color. The path ahead seems to split in three directions. Ahead the path is flat and even, to the right it seems to end in a steep staircase, and to the left it rises. The only sound to be heard is that of the torches burning.

"I vote with my feet," says Teleros. "Let's begin ahead, where the walking is easiest."

Titanos agrees, panting somewhat. "We've done enough climbing for a stretch. If we need to climb more, we'll do it when we need to."

"At least the lighting helps to set the mood in here." Lavaeolus gives a bit of a grin. "So we'll go down the hall with the traps first, and then go find this... maiden."

The path ahead does seem just about as good as any other way. Which is to say there's no signs reading instant death ahead. The path sure goes a very long way, though. One might wonder how this place can fit in the hill. Eventually, though, the three heroes reach another door. Thankfully it stands somewhat ajar. Here they finally can hear something. Something that seems rather out of place, here. The sound of tears.

Teleros makes gesturing motions at the gap of the door, signalling his intention to see what's inside. He again follows this up with action, stepping carefully into the gap, though wary of sudden movement.

Lavaeolus taps Teleros on the shoulder before he starts to step for the gap. He whispers a quick prayer to whatever gods might be listening, and Teleros fades from sight...

As he vanishes from all sight and detection, the last thought on Teleros' mind before continuing to sneak ahead is: _This magic will be the key to my romantic strategy from now on, this I vow._

Titanos' eyes widen as he watches Lavaeolus work his magic. He whispers, "Hey... now that could come in handy sometimes..." He grins sheepishly, imagining the possibilities. Some habits are hard to break.

The crying turns to sniffles about the time that Lavaeolus casts his spell, then fades into something vaguely resembling quiet. Teleros figures out why when he peeks out, his face just a few inches from that of a beautiful, red-eyed woman with raven dark hair and a full, bare bust. Or it would be bare, if her forearm weren't pulled across it. It's clear she doesn't see him, since she calls out (in a rather shaky, sad voice), "Is somebody there?" She wipes at her eyes, trying to conceal her tears.

Teleros thinks carefully, then decides to improvise - thinking carefully was never his strong point. "I am a spirit of passion," he murmurs, invisibly. "And I was called here by your tears. Tell me, why do you cry?"

"A spirit of passion? For me?" asks the shapely woman. "I was just.." She sighs, and the tears suddenly fill her eyes again. "Nobody loves me, and I've been alone up here for so long. I've tried so many times to find love and every time it has ended in disaster!" And at this point, she puts both hands to her eyes and bows her head, filling the air with her ragged sobs once more.

"Tell me how that has happened, dear lady, and I feel confident I can assist you," Teleros offers, pouring as much sympathy and pathos into his voice as he can. "Perhaps love is closer than you think."

"It's such a long story," she answers, wiping at her eyes futilely. "You just don't understand how hard it is for me. They come in here, thinking they are so wonderful, and then they find out my secrets and they try to kill me and steal my treasure! Isn't the heart of a maiden her greatest treasure? Is Eros really so cold?"

Titanos' head peeks around the corner. At this point things don't sound too obviously dangerous, and the conversation has him just too curious to wait any longer. Besides, she sounds cute, and he can't wait to find out if she looks cute too.

Spotting Titanos, Teleros makes a snap judgement.

An invisible hand grabs hold of the paladin, pulling him into the gap and roughly arranging him so that he's facing the mistress of this strange place. "My lady, a paladin has come to rescue you. The spirit of passion has pulled him here.." Teleros bites his tongue a moment before being able to continue. ".. and together, you will find bliss."

Titanos is taken by surprise, but doesn't resist the hand, presumably of Teleros. "Um... hello, ma'am..." he mumbles, blushing.

Meanwhile, Teleros leans very close to Titanos' ear and whispers. "She's a beautiful woman and Eros isn't, so we don't kill her for now. And anyway, if she has some fatal or dangerous secret... You'll find out about it soon so we can complete our mission." And this explanation is given as though its logic were quite self-evident and unassailable.

"He's so handsome!" is her first comment. Her next action isn't to speak, but to throw her arms around Titanos and hug him tightly. "My name is Clynadia, my Lord. Will you truly save me from this.. loneliness?" She looks up into his eyes hopefully, her eyelashes still wet with tears.

Titanos' cheeks burn, and even with the red fire that lights these halls you can tell he's blushing. "I..." For all the beautiful women he's seen from a distance, unawares, he isn't prepared for _this_ in the slightest. Belatedly he remembers Eros' words, about the real thing being better - though he isn't sure this is what Eros had in mind! Swallowing, he nods, raising his arms to put them round her waist. "I'll, I'll do the best I can, milady..."

That seems to handle all Clynadia's worries. Her tears are quite quickly forgotten, and she presses herself tightly to the paladin's side. "Thank you, spirit, for bringing me such a wonderful man. Now I know I'll be safe. Finally someone has come who will love me for me."

"The spirit of passion is no longer needed here," announces Teleros' disembodied voice, warmly. And so saying, he begins sneaking out, intent on keeping anything from disturbing the hopefully happy couple.

Titanos glares briefly in Teleros' direction, or at least the direction that he believes Teleros to be. But... well, _he_ doesn't intend to steal this woman's treasure, whatever it is. Or at least he doesn't think he does. Maybe if he knew what it was, he'd think differently. But he'd like to think he wouldn't.

Clynadia just smiles up at Titanos, her attention now totally spent on him. "What is your wish, my lord?" she asks. "I will leave you wanting for nothing," she adds, bouncing slightly on her toes in excitement. It would seem she'll be kept busy for a while.

Titanos swallows, reaching up to wipe away Clynadia's tears. "Perhaps..." he murmurs, then winces, shifting his position slightly in Clynadia's embrace. "Er, perhaps you can give me a hand with my armor? It seems rather tight all of a sudden..."

Clynadia laughs a little and nods, "Of course. I'm sure you won't be needing those tonight." She spares her paladin nothing, it would seem. She's also clearly totally unaware of just how to remove that armor. She seems to just want to unbuckle every strap in sight. And undo everything that is tied. She makes up for her lack of knowledge with enthusiasm, at least.

In the hall, there is a growing sound. The sound of something really, really big, moving. The echoes make it impossible to figure out just which way the sound comes from, but its source is obviously drawing closer.

Lavaeolus whispers, "Maybe the passion spirit should go make sure that there's not a good reason to take off running heading this way..."

Still invisible, Teleros approaches Lavaeolus and whispers, "I'll see what I can find out. Wait here, prepare to warn Titanos. He may have to pull out of this situation fast.."

All the while, the sound is growing steadily louder. As Teleros draws further down the hall, it becomes clear that the sound is coming from above. As the archer looks up he finds the source. It seems that the women Titanos is holding is not the only occupant. She's not the only red eyed occupant, either. It's just that she's the only red eyed occupant with two eyes. The form coming down the stairs is that of a shapely, large breasted cyclops.

Teleros sprints back down the hall, fast as he can, and whispers a brief warning. "A cyclops, a shapely one," he hisses. "Maybe coming this way."

The cyclops pauses in her walk at the bottom of the staircase. She turns to the door and snorts. Noticing it is unlocked, she reaches out to bar the way, and then stands, waiting impatiently for something, judging by her stance. It would seem that she actually is expecting someone to enter, curiously enough.

"Great," whispers Lavaeolus. "And our Paladin is busy... uhm, what do we do? I can probably keep us from getting smushed for a while but..."

"We will wait and see what she intends," whispers Teleros in return. "And if all else fails.. I have another idea." This usually signals imminent disaster.

"I'm afraid to ask," continues Lavaeolus, "But... what is it?"

Teleros chuckles. "You'll see."

Titanos is indeed busy, working on the trickier buckles on his armor while Clynadia tackles the easier ones. Eventually he is indeed armorless, and it turns out that his name - and the size of the codpiece on his armor - are well-deserved. As he reaches out to pull Clynadia close again, the thumping sound is now audible, and he pauses to ask, "Maybe this isn't the time, but... any idea what that noise is?"

The two men outside can watch the Cyclops easily from their vantage point. And her voice carries well, too. Strangely, it's far from unpleasant to listen to. "They are always so late!" She stands, tapping a foot impatiently for a while longer. The two men cannot really make out the shape, but something appears like a moving shadow on the floor of the entry hall, and when it appears the Cyclops bends down. "Why are you bothering me?" she demands.

Clynadia laughs happily, reaching out as if to take off more than Titanos armor. "Well, that's probably my step mother, actually. Don't worry though, I know she'll approve of you. After all, a spirit of love sent you to me, so there's really no way she'll eat you like the rest."

While the Cyclops can be heard clearly, the voice of whatever speaks to her is not so easy to make out. Straining their ears, those outside can make out a few things. It seems that the dark shape is the reason the Cyclops is here, and that she's set to some task. "I tell you, destroying the city is not possible. You gave me a useless helper. She may be a dragon of the north, but she's interested in nothing but finding a lover. I had to trick her four times so far, and sooner or later she'll realize that there's no treasure for these men to steal, and then where will your precious plans be?"

Teleros overhears this. He raises a finger, turning half on his heel as though making ready to burst into the room... And then says, "Naaaah," to himself, waving his hand and smiling.

Meanwhile, back in Clynadia's boudoir, Titanos suddenly seems uncertain. "Er..." he says, though he doesn't interfere with Clynadia's assistance in undressing him. And now that the armor's gone, the rest of his clothing is easy to figure out. But... "If, um, if she _doesn't_ approve of me, what will we do?" He glances toward the hallway, reluctant to mention his companions yet, much less the fact that 'spirit of passion' is only appropriate in a metaphorical sense.

"She'll approve! Of course she will," says Clynadia. "Why bother planning for something that won't happen, right? Now come on, I don't want to be a maiden forever! Am I not pretty enough for you?" The last is delivered with a practiced pout. Titanos is likely to realize that such a pout has almost never failed to destroy the common sense of a man.

Titanos was never possessed of much common sense to begin with, at least where beautiful women are concerned. "You're very pretty, Clynadia..." he says, leaning forward to kiss her firmly, his other arm wrapped around the girl's waist.

Outside, things are growing more serious. "Well, you could at least do something about this, you know. The essence of shadow is barely strong enough to hold the power of Eros at bay here," says the Cyclops. "You give me a foolish goal.. if you wish to strike at Aphrodite, you should strike at her, and not here. Eros suspects something. Right now his assassins are in my halls. If rumor is to be believed, they are all heroes, with the blood of gods in their veins. I will not stand around here and let them slay me."

Clynadia puts up not the least bit of resistance. She's more than just happy to oblige, she's desperate to. She and Titanos may be rather clueless, but a quick study of each other will not so subtly hint at just what they are supposed to do.

After several more minutes of discussion (and in the room, other forms of communication) the Cyclops finally says something with confidence, "Excellent, yes, I thought you would be willing to help kill them. You drive them off and make that dragon cooperate, and I'll have that city levelled in a month, even if Poseidon is interfering, as well." Several more dark forms move through the locked door, then, and start fanning out down the three paths. Five are moving right towards the heroes. As they draw closer, their unappealing bodies can be seen in detail. They are like men without skin, darkened flesh exposed. In their eyes a deeper darkness lives, swallowing light, and they move in a shambling stagger, covering the distance swiftly despite the clumsy motions.

Far from the Earth, in a place above even the stars and outside of dreams and fears, there is a meeting taking place. A woman dressed in silver, with brilliance in her eyes, looks down into the flow of reality. Around this circular dish that shows all that is sit others. A slender, lightly muscled man stands at her side, watching events over her shoulder. Across from them sits a man who is older, the wisdom of countless years in his eyes, and a calm expression on his face. "It is time to act," says the woman calmly. "Wouldn't you agree?" The slender man nods, "Indeed, the time is upon us. But the decision, of course, lies in the greatest of hands."

The older man nods to them, "We will go on as we must. The world relies on us now as it ever has, and this shall be the first major blow. It is time for Our chosen to do battle with darkness in Our name. Send to them what they require, and spare only what must be spared."

And so it is done. Even as the creatures of darkness draw close, the three heroes feel a change coming to them. A rush of energy, a thrill of excitement that moves up their spines. Their weapons change, as well, gaining a keeness that no mortal weapon, however well made, could ever achieve. In each of their minds, a powerful, female voice explodes, louder than any thought: STAND AGAINST THEM! THIS NO TIME FOR FLIGHT! It is the voice of Athena, her nobility and radiant wisdom so powerful that every phrase she speaks carries her identity with it.

Titanos is still lying beside Clynadia, wondering at what he's been missing all this time, when suddenly the armor that had been lying in bits and pieces on the floor finds itself wrapped around him, his... more conventional weapon trembling in his hand, and the voice of the goddess ringing in his mind. Leaping to the ground, he turns and kisses Clynadia. "The gods call me to do battle, my lover. Fear not - I shall return." And with that, he turns to stand by the side of his companions...

The motion of the five creatures only grows swifter as the scent of their prey grows more clear. Three break straight for Lavaeolus. The first staggers suddenly, it's skull shattered by the strike of Teleros' arrow. It manages another two steps before the lightning of Zeus is brought forth by Laveaolus, the bolt swelling with the power of its patron god, so that when it strikes the fell beast the creature is utterly incinerated. The other two stagger, each trying to wheel wide so that they can come at the mage from both sides.