The Dome of Beauty, the Perfumed Land, the Land of a Thousand Kisses, the Streets of Lace. The true name of the city, which few but scholars remember, is Myrina, nestled in the north of the Aegean Sea. It is the pinnacle of Eros' power on earth, and it is here that two men have been drawn, summoned by the child of Aphrodite himself. Here where few men can ever come.

The summons is something of the normal manner of gods, both abrupt and unexplained. Two men go to bed, resting under the stars on a midsummer's night, only to awaken at the sound of music, just a few steps from each others. The summons of a god makes for strange bedfellows, some might say.

The two men know each other, which must suit the needs of Eros, else no such care would be taken. If care it can be called. They at least will swiftly know just where they are. The architecture of this land is unique, and in the style of Eros, it is highly suggestive. Great towers strive against the skies, their pinnacles leaving no doubt that each was crafted with a peculiar shape in mind. Here and there pairs of domes mark more ample buildings, each marked with a slightly different prominence at its peak. There is no place quite like this.

Teleros scratches his chin, looking around in awe, and rubbing the back of his head with one hand. "Perhaps a bit too much wine," he concludes aloud.

Titanos chuckles dryly. "Well, _you_ at least should feel at home here," he remarks... though in truth this is to distract himself from gazing too fixedly at the architecture; he himself is much more fascinated by it than he'd like to admit. "Well... which way do we go? We're obviously here for some kind of reason."

The amorous archer scratches the back of his neck, then folds his arms together. "I suppose we can just wander around," he says. "Or go to wherever looks most expensive. That's usually the place important people are found."

The sounds of celebration carry stronger as the wind changes, blowing the sound of voices--female voices--about the two strangers. Shortly behind the sound comes the smell of perfumes, a thousand different scents, and yet each standing out for just one moment, revealed without interference from the others. All this comes from the city, naturally enough.

Teleros raises his hands in glee. "Ah, that direction!" he exclaims, and starts to trot in the direction of the voices.

Titanos follows behind, taking care to be a few steps behind the archer. He isn't hiding, far from it, he's just shy. At least, so he would claim.

On the isle of Lemnos, all roads lead to Myrina, or so the legends say. And it's also said no virgin has left the island alive. Though that last part is usually said by men with very wide grins. The truth of such matters is hard to determine. This night the city is lit with silver lamps, and the streets, madly enough, do seem to be covered with lace. Every building seems a palace, and every window is lit up, though some lights are flickering and weak, and from these soft giggles come. The source of music lies further inside the city, up the road, which looks to take on a fair climb.

The very first step of each man onto the road of lace sends a strange sensation through their limbs as exhaustion is taken away by the very energies that live here. In its place is something of a restless vigour. In the sky, explosions of light suddenly bloom, as if flowers of fire were bursting far overhead. One red, one white, and afterwards, nothing at all, save the fragrant wind and the sound of giggling and the song, its words finally beginning to come to the ears of the men. Like the buildings, they are rather explicit.

Teleros continues running, seeking out nothing but the voices as though nothing else existed in the world. "I'm coming my beauties!" he cries.

Titanos rolls his eyes, but he can't deny his own interest. He follows along, but rather quieter. He would protest that he isn't headed down the road to _meet_ the ladies... and what he would not admit is that he is going to _see_ them.

The chase is a bit longer than it looks, though it seems that no amount of running could exhaust someone here. Even at full sprint neither man grows winded. Finally the road takes a turn and the source of voices is clear. An enormous palace lies in the very heart of the city, unwalled and surrounded by large gardens full of fountains and the most beautiful mortal women either man has ever seen. And yet one cannot help but admire the architecture. The first form that is clear is the statue of a woman, lying sprawled out, her arm partially braced on the palace, fingers wrapped around what first appears to be nothing but a tower. At least looks that way until one realizes that the palace itself is carefully molded into the form of muscular man, lying on his back, his hands pressed to the chest of the female statue. There can be no doubt that the son of Aphrodite dwells there.

And the path inside glows as the strangers draw near. It winds first to the south, then comes back about, raising up over the thigh of the statue of the woman. Where it enters the building will make most men blush.

Teleros scratches his chin again, and chuckles. "I normally don't share this entrance with another man," he remarks, "but it looks like we have no choice." And with that, he merrily strolls toward the path in.

Titanos takes a long moment to admire the carefully sculpted, enormous statuary architecture. "Phew..." His eyes rest on the rounded archway and a large grin spreads over his face. He's seen this sort of thing before, but never from up so close, no matter how carefully he chose his hiding spot... ahem. Shaking his head, he follows along up the path, unable to resist the urge to touch the archway as he passes.

And the entrance is incredibly well crafted. It seems that the workers of Eros left out no details at all. There is no gate, here, just a narrow canal, if one were to dare use the word. It is quite dark at first, but after perhaps ten paces the light returns and the pair find themselves in a greeting hall, of sorts. There are several chairs and even more lewd paintings and tapestries on the wall. In the center of this room is a desk, behid which an older man lies slumped back, his eyes shut, apparently resting. In front of him is a small chime and a mallet for striking it. Other than him, there is no one present. Behind the desk lies a large door of ash wood, clearly the work of a masterful artisan. And a perverse one at that considering the scene he has depicted. The work probably started as a tribute to Gemini, but artistic license swiftly took over.

Teleros hmms. "If I had three eyes, I might have seen such sights years ago," he says, glancing down for a moment, though clearly he is impressed by all that's happening here.

Titanos is wide-eyed, himself. It takes him quite a while, looking around himself in all directions, before he's decided he's seen enough for now. "Well... I guess we're expected..." he says, leaning forward to take up the mallet.

The sound of the mallet striking the chime is a clear one, far louder than would seem logical for the force used. The man at the desk smiles strangely, one eye half unlidding. He snorts when he sees who has disturbed his rest, and does not quite straighten. "Errm.. ahem.. you must be the ahh.. umm.." He lets out a long sigh, finally opening both eyes, his tired expression replaced by a stupid grin. "You must be the mercenaries that Eros sent for! Let me get you the secretary!"

Automatically, without even thought, Teleros' battle-hardened instincts and reflexes spawn an action. "Is she pretty?" he asks.

The man raps on the desk with his knuckles, "Kalos! Kalos! The mercenaries are here! We don't want to keep them waiting, do we?" As for the comment of beauty, the answer presents itself, as the old man's chair suddenly is pushed back and the face of a beautiful, young woman pops up from beneath the desk. She wipes at her mouth and laughs softly, standing up. "Well yes, they are here! We mustn't keep my lord waiting! Oh, what are your names?"

The archer bows low, employing his most artful smile. "Teleros, milady," he says, by way of introduction. "Fighter, lover, and slave to your every wish."

The paladin, for his part, is rather less calm and collected. And in truth, rather taken aback by the secretary's mode of appearance, even if he shouldn't have been. "Uh, uh, I'm Titanos. At your service. M-ma'am." He sketches a bow as well.

The secretary laughs out loud. "Mmm, I like these boys a lot," she murmurs. "I'm Kalos, Nymph of Eros, but you can call me whenever you like. I'll be turning down your beds, I think." She laughs again, the sound like silver chimes as she moves closer to study Teleros. She turns and bends to playfully bump her backside against his front. "I think we'll be great friends, if you serve my lord faithfully. Follow me?" It's around this time that one can really grasp what she's wearing. Or rather how little she is wearing. The top is a loose one, like a very eager woman might wear with her lover at night. It is fortunately long. As she moves it becomes more and more doubtful that she wears anything else.

"No woman has ever turned down my bed," smiles Teleros. "But for now, I'll be content to know how we can be of service."

Titanos nods in agreement, and follows behind. Or more accurately, follows _the_ behind, watching the shapely curves as they rock back and forth beneath the long tunic.

Kalos walks with a sway that doesn't just hint, it promises. The path she takes winds wildly, so that the distracted strangers likely lose themselves quickly in the curves. Or in her curves. At last she pauses by a large door, at which point she turns and bows deeply, revealing quite a bit about herself in the process. She straightens only after several deep breaths, just to dispel any doubts that the sight was intention. "Now, a few ground rules for meeting my master," she says. "No remarks about size. It's not his fault he's the way he is! Oh, and none of this extolling the virtues of chastity, either. He gets testy. Don't ask him to shoot anyone, don't touch the arrows or the bow, and no pinching! Well, no pinching him, anyway. You can pinch me all you like!" She laughs again, then bumps the door open with her rump. She then turns to strut in.

After so much perfection, the sight of Eros is perhaps more than a bit underwhelming. He's short. No, really really short. No more than three and a half feet tall. And portly, with a baby face. He wears a loose toga and an amused smile that doesn't match the pinched, weasel eyes on his face. "Well well, look what Poseidon dumped on my front line! Have a seat, shoot a load off, whatever works for you. Don't mind my eyes, I've seen every last thing you've ever done." He points at Titanos and laughs, "And you, well. Trust me, the sight isn't the best part. I do good work you know." Then to Teleros, "And you. Wow. You really keep people paying their club fees at my temples."

Laughing a little nervously, Teleros bows low. "Your arrows have often aided me in shooting my own," he says.

Titanos chuckles even more nervously, and colors sharply. "I-i-if you say so," he mumbles. Being caught looking is his biggest fear, of course, but he takes a seat all the same.