Everything slows down. James watches the barrel of the weapon nose over at him, guided by the almost tangible malice of that inhuman hand peeking out of the ever-so-elaborate bandages its erstwhile owner cloaked it in. The horrid claw pulls; the weapon speaks; and through James' side there burns an awful pain. Fire seems to be clawing itself into his belly as he inhales in shock.

Drake's widen in shock, unable to react quickly enough before the shotgun speaks...but in immediate response, his right hand suddenly pulls it out of the grip of his left, tossing it away. "Oh god... I didn't...I wasn't going to...fuck!" his mouth splutters while his mind reels.

Drake seems more stunned than he ever has before. "Fuck...this is going to **suck**! Gar, help me get him in the back seat...you're going to have to drive. I'll try and stanch the bleeding some."

The horrible sound of the firearm's discharge blows through Garfield's easy complacency at the other two's struggle. He increases his speed to a run, and feels relieved when he sees the shotgun fly through the air. _At least the bloody thing won't be pointed at me..._ "What the hell were you--" he beings to shout, but then has the sudden feeling he already knows. _Drake's zombie arm... Son-of-a-**bitch...**_

_This is it... this is... I'm gonna die... well... crud._ James, upon deciding that pain is too horrible, makes a loud noise to indicate said decision, before collapsing on the ground.

Drake tugs open the rear door of the taxi, and then grabs james's legs. "Come on, stop staring, Gar...I'm not going to let this asshole die just because my left hand has a sick sense of humor! Grab his head!"

Garfield stares piercingly at Drake before roughly helping to shove the professor into the car. "Bloody well done, you prick. I think at the hospital you're gonna be having a bit of emergency surgery done yourself."

Drake doesn't bother to argue that Gar is the one responsible for his 'dead' arm. "Just drive, unless you want to take the chance my left arm won't jerk the wheel and send us into the building..." he growls.

Trying not to outright hurl the camcorder into the passenger seat, Garfield jams the keys into the ignition, races the engine, and speeds to the hospital.

The car pulls to a screeching stop in front of the hospital, and the two men leap out to render what aid they can to their injured associate. However..

Staring through the windshield, Garfield mutters, "Well, at least we don't have to put up with some snotty nurse in reception--but that's about the **only** good thing about showing up here... "

James lies in the cab, bleeding profusely, as people who've been shot tend to do. Consciousness is a thing of the past by now, as is a not-so-pale skin color. That is definately going to leave a mark.

Drake gets out of the back seat, and starts tugging James out, trying to keep flat. "I've treated gunshot wounds before...sorta." he hedges. "And we don't have a whole lotta choice. All we have to do is keep him from dying till morning..."

Pocketing the keys--and remembering to grab the camera--Garfield opens the car door and steps out. Glancing at Drake, he asks, "You okay or should I go get a wheeled bed or something?"

Drake hefts James's body into his arms. "Gurney would be good," he grunts, staggering with James towards the double doors...

With some clumsy unsure work, they manage to bandage James, and Drake gives him a dose of painkiller from his stash.

Garfield nods shortly. "Right." He dashes inside--_Far too much running,_ he thinks between gasps--and looks around wildly for a gurney. _Isn't there always one by the damn entrance...?_

\*\*\*\*\*reverse last two poses.

"Right," Garfield says again, to Drake over the prof's now bandaged body. "But first what the hell are we gonna do about that monstrosity?" He juts his chin at Drake'ss arm.

Drake looks grimly at James laying on the gurney, pretty close to the foyer, since they didn't want to go too far inside. "That should help...I hope." Then he dissapears for a moment and manages to find some cord. "Help me with this, Gar?"

Drake looks wry. "I always wanted to fight zombies with one hand tied behind my back. So...help me tie it."

Garfield shakes his head. "I'm thinking more along the lines of steel, not rope."

Drake rolls his eyes. "This isn't 'Super-Arm' we're talking about here...and besides, there's no handcuffs around. Rope will have to do, for now. Cutting it off will just cause it to regrow."

Garfield says, "I suppose those bandages were mere tissue paper a child could tear through?"

Drake says, "Hey, the bandages go around the arm. It wasn't tied to my body."

Drake sighs. "Look, I'm trying to be accomodating, here. Part of me wishes that fucking ape thing **killed** me...because it means I wouldn't have to listen to your yammering. Now will you help me?"

Garfield sighs, loudly. "Oh. Right. Silly me. It's already tried to get us killed once, and you decided to just let it hang free. Makes perfect sense." Lips twisting, he shrugs surrender. "Fine. I'd be happy to tie you up."

In the sea of pain and haze, James hallucinates. Faces, places, people, weirdly distorted, an endless parade of images from a drugged dream. One image, particularly vivid, is that of a table balanced atop a wave of human hands, rocking steadily, on which is set a full tea-service. The china is composed of water and blood, holding itself in a weird solidity.

Drake puts his arm behind his back as Gar binds it. "Just the one arm, unless you're up to holding off the zombie hordes alone." he grunts.

Garfield loops a twist around the arm's wrist, and then pulls it tight behind Drake's torso. A couple more loops go around the arm and Drake before Garfield ties it off.

Drake struggles a little. "Okay, that'll do, unless my arm is an escape artist. Now, what the fuck do we do?"

Garfield blinks at Drake. "What we came here to do--before the prof, I mean. Look for the kid."

"And where are we doing that? Were we planning on scouring the hospital, or did you want to drive the streets aimlessly?" Drake's voice isn't bitter...but he doesn't have any better options, so he tries to understand Gar's plan.

Garfield shrugs. "He vanished in here."

Drake says, "Can't argue with that logic. Okay, let's do it...maybe we'll get lucky and find some zombies for your professor to see." Then he looks at the woozy James. "Then again, right now, he's probably seeing lots of things like pink elephants." He reaches into his coat and takes out the revolver he scrounged. "Here, take this."

Garfield scowls at the gun, muttering, "I'd rather sacrifice another mop." Nevertheless, he takes the revolver and drops it in a pcoket. "I left last night's shotgun in a dumpster outside. Think it might be handy?"

Drake shrugs and palms his Glock. "Assuming it's still there...you have two good hands to use. Let's put your prof in Radiology while we scour the place. Maybe Mr. Death left some more clues around, too."

"Sure," Garfield replies as they walk. "And what's this about _my_ prof? It was the kid's bright idea for an egghead to join us."

Drake shrugs. "You're the one that got him, that knows him. Let's jsut start looking, huh?" He moves to push the gurney down the hall.

Garfield says, "Locking the prof somehwere we actually have a key to would be a good idea, I think--like the car, or the low visiblility, no breakable windows option: the car's trunk."

Drake stops, considers that, and clumsily tries to move the gurney in the other direction. "Okay. We'll put a blanket over him, in the back seat."

Garfield helps him wheel the bed around. "I just figured a damn taxi'd have a decent sized trunk..."

After a few moment, James is ensconced in the taxi, loved, and covered out of sight. Then, after getting the shotgun, the two start to search the hospital armed, and wary.

\*\*\*Take out the loved part. I'm on crack.

The two earnestly search the grounds. Each room in the hospital - no matter how unlikely - is checked, and re-checked. The landing pad; the interior; even the outlying buildings. Along the way, the duo make two major discoveries - the first is the existence of a set of tunnels, laid in with concrete and looking to date from the 1950's, that can be reached from a side building, while the second comes after a routine re-check on the condition of James. A little blood, seeping from his wounds, is all that's left.

The doctor is gone. Disappeared, like a ghost.

Drake stares. "What the fuck? Where did he think he was going?"

Garfield says, "You locked the door?"

Drake, on impulse, checks the doors, to see if they're still locked from the outside.

"I told you the trunk would be better! Except..." Garfield thinks for a moment. "The doors are all locked, aren't they?

Drake shakes his head. "okay, this is fucking creepy. Unless...." he slaps his head. "of course! We let him out of our sight! He went back to the real world..."

Drake sighs. "Well...that means he might get treatment...but now it's jsut you and me."

Garfield purses his lips. "Nah, he won't need treatment. He wasn't shot in the real world."

Drake shakes his head. "We don't know how everything works."

Drake sighs and sags on the hood. "We're at...square one. No prof, No Ed...no lantern, even."

Garfield says, "No shit." Reaching into his jacket, he pulls out his pocketknife and, with a wince, puts a shallow gash on the back on his hand. "But let's see what happens to that in the morning."

Garfield says, "Lantern? Christ, I'd forgotten 'bout that. It was probably impounded with the bus. Maybe it's in the police evidence room."

Drake snorts. "Well...you're ballsy, I'll give you that." He scratches his chin. "Maybe we should check out those tunnels. Maybe they'll lead to those tunnels the creature made. Maybe we'll learn something knew."

Garfield says, "And maybe we'll get killed. The real world sucks, but I'd like to see it again."

Drake slams a fist against the car hood. "Come on! We can't just sit around and do nothing!" He grabs his gun from his pocket. "I'm going to investigate. You can stay here, and wet your pants with your cowardice, or you can refuse to let this evil world trerrify you, and defy it, and get yourself out of this nightmare!"

Garfield's eyes narrow. "And screw you, too! You almost got eaten tonight going into a bloody tunnel, or are your brains leaking out your ears again?"

Drake smiles humorlessly, words from a barely forgotten movie coming to his lips. "You're going to die, Garfield, one way or another. All you can do is choose how you check out. Do you want to go on your feet? Or down on your fucking knees, begging! Well, I aint much for begging! No one ever gave me nothing! So I say **fuck** this thing! Let's fight it!" And with that, he turns around and stalks off, to the tunnels.

_God,_ Drake thinks. _Wish I could own that little schpeal._

Garfield tips back a flask and relishes the burning sensation as the alcohol slides down to his gullet. "You and what army, punk?" he whispers. Turning his back on the departing Drake, he let's the shotgun slide to the ground, and concentrates on the prof's camera. Opening the tiny screen, he presses the rewind key, and a few seconds later, the play button.

Tinny voices sound from the camera's speaker as the hospital's corridors jerk around the screen. "Fuckin' Laurel and Hardy, we are..." Garfield mutters. Though whispered again, the sound is eeriely loud in the pervasive silence of the night. He shivers, shuts down the camera, and takes another belt from the flask. The field into which Drake disappeared is empty, as is the back seat of the taxi. "Alone again..." With a sudden curse, he stoops to retrieve the shotgun. "Screw this. At least if I go after him, I can save my last shell for the punk and shoot him before I get torn apart."

Determination barely outweighing hestitation, he trots after Drake.

Drake is making slow progress, since he only has one hand to climb down the ladder. When he sees Gar's face appear above, he grunts, "Good of you to join the party."

_The **last** shell, **not** the first..._ Garfield thinks, and then follows him down..

The tunnels appear to be decades old, bearing the hallmarks of the sturdy construction, attention to detail and lack of aesthetics that 1950's-era functional structures exhibit. From the numerous warning signs, especially those concerning radiation, it's a quick deduction to conclude that this was once a fallout shelter or emergency reserve of some kind. The hospital above has apparently put it to continued, if sporadic use - items of medical use dating up to the late 1980's can be found packed away here.

The tunnels appear to be decades old, bearing the hallmarks of the sturdy construction, attention to detail and lack of aesthetics that 1950's-era functional structures exhibit. From the numerous warning signs, especially those concerning radiation, it's a quick deduction to conclude that this was once a fallout shelter or emergency reserve of some kind. The hospital above has apparently put it to continued, if sporadic use - items of medical use dating up to the late 1980's can be found packed away here.

Garfield nudges a folder-filled cardboard box. "This is useful," he comments. "Unless the secrets to the universe--this universe--are tucked in one of these..."

Drake sighs, looking around aimlessly. "Nearly as much fun as watching pain dry." he agrees. " Still...this place might be useful if we have to hole up somewhere. In fact, I could probably stay here instead of at the hotel."

There's the slightest twitch from Drake's arm.

Garfield says, "Should probably see if there are any other exits if we're gonna hole up here."

Drake looks at his left arm. "Behave."

Garfield looks askance at him. "What?"

Drake shrugs. "It's just...acting up again, I think." He looks at it again. "I wonder why."

The arm twitches a little more, tugging uselessly at its restraints, and its purpose seems to be very definite. Unconsciously, Drake's eyes follow the line, and spot an old, well-worn book - a casebook, such as doctors might use, decorated with a symbol that neither man recognizes.

Drake stares. "Hello..." He moves over to the book, putting down his gun and opening the cover.

The arm grows more and more restless, straining viciously against its bonds.

Garfield says, "Ask an ye shall receive...? God's definitely laughing..." He scowls at the zombie arm, then tells Drake, "You go sit on your arm or somehting. I'll look though the papers."

Drake sighs. "Right, okay..." He moves away after picking up the gun, again. And then, after a moment's thought, he puts the gun against his shoulder. "Am going to have to shoot you?" he threatens.

The bonds burst. The arm tears free of its now-shredded bindings, and something unsettling to behold is witnessed. The clawed, grey hand pushes hard against Drake's ribs, as though bracing itself - and as it exerts its force, causing Drake to grunt in pain, MORE EMERGES from his shoulder...

Scabrous grey flesh pushes itself free of the shoulder, as though something were trying to force itself through the socket. A few drops of fluid strike the concrete floor of the chamber, sizzling in acidic fury in a way Drake memorably recalls. A second arm sprouts, all within the span of a second or two, and as Drake watches, briefly stunned, the top third of a spindly monstrosity tugs itself out of his own body...