Edward's heart jumps right into his throat. At first he holds the shotgun like a teddybear, before setting the thing down, shooting a look towards Drake, mouthing _What the fuck? What do we do?_ "Ah... Yeah! We're in here." He shuffles towards the front of the bus, weaponless.

Drake is in a semi state of shock, considering the situation when he fell asleep. He looks around, not having to feign confusion, but he crouches down on the seat a little., reaching down to shift the revolver stuffed down the front of his pants back around the small of his back. He also still feels the weight of his Glock in his shoulder holster. "Uh...officer? where exactly are we?" he calls out, partly stalling for time as he tries to figure out if the officer is by himself or not.

"Outside Boring," the trooper calls out casually. "Why don't ya just sit tight, while I come on in," he adds. Slowly the front door of the bus is being eased open, and the first thing to enter is the trooper's hefty revolver.

Edward gives a quick gesture to the thief, a motion. _Hide the guns, you damned nut!_ He moves towards the front, peering around the front seat. "Ah, officer, have you found the driver, yet?"

Said bus driver sits quietly in the corner of a garage's washroom, staring at an adequately cleaned urinal, thinking he should probably get up and relieve the pressure in his bladder. His back twinges at the very thought, pissed at him for spending the night on the goddamned floor of a goddamned _washroom_. He'd like to say that he can't quite believe it either, except that his hands are black with grease and there's a shiny, aluminum bat lying a scant distance from him. He'd always hated aluminum bats. Solid wood, that was what he liked. Except his bat was gone, along with his sweaty shirt and muddy shoes and worn glove and stained baseballs and the nice duffle that he stored them in, last seen (felt, whatever) as he kicked it under the seat of his bus, the one subsequently knocked off the road into a train before catching fire and nearly killing him--only the first such occurance recently. That silvery bat told him last night was no dream, and he didn't really want to get up and face the morning, whiny bladder or no.

Drake has already hid his own guns as best he can. But there's no way he can hide the rifles - spread out all over the bus like they are - in time. So, the best thing to do is play stupid. "What the fuck? How'd we end up in a goddamned bus? Last thing I remember...hey...I remember you." He points a finger at Edward. "You were at the hospital, weren't you?"

Drake moves to position himself, so that Edward is in front of him, between himself and the entering cop.

"Right.. why don't you boys just sit back down," suggests the trooper, now stepping up into the bus himself. He's an older man, with a genial smile and a grandfatherly air, but the gun doesn't waver a hair. It's not pointed at anyone - quite - but it looks ready enough. ".. And tell me all about it. Startin' with your names.." Outside the bus, his cruiser is parked. Nobody else is visible, but lights coming from the interior of the gas station suggest the presence of at least one other person.

In the gas station, Garfield is interrupted by a brief pounding on the door, followed by some mumbled cursing and the sound of keys jingling.

Garfield stands with the speed of a teenager. His back doesn't even complain, but he knows it's just biding it's time. _Best use the facilities after all..._ he thinks, and steps to the urinal, unzips and lets fly.

Drake feigns befuddlement as best he can. "uhm...name's Drake, sir. Drake Watson...and...you're Ed, right?" he points at the student.

Drake sits down, still behind Edward, as his mind races.

_We are utterly screwed. Totally, solely problem. We will be in jail, we we will be locked up, and now I'm going nuts. Am I nuts? Pull it together! You can get yourself through this!_ He turns to Drake, just as the thief speaks. However, it's all stopped as the Trooper begins. He sits right behind the bus-driver's seat. If the cop's attention isn't drawn toward the back of the bus, then perhaps he won't notice the guns back there. "Edward Jarets, sir." He lifts his hand, rubbing his forehead a little. _Okay, time to start forming a story. Exactly how I'm going to do that and get Gar's and Drake's cooperation..._

The trooper smiles again, flashing that paternal signal of affectionate understanding. "Well, pleasure to meetcha, boys.." And inside, the door's lock is released and the restroom door is pushed open by an irritated-looking woman of indeterminate age. "Who the hell are you?" she mutters.

Garfield scowls over his shoulder. "It's early, sure, but y'ain't blind are ya? I'm a guy takin' a whiz."

Edward rubs his chin, and looks back to Drake. How to explain... He rubs his brow. He feels rather stupid, before being blunt. Then turns around toward the policeman. "Say, officer, what's the situation we have here?"

Drake reaches up, and squeezes Ed's shoulder with his left hand...meant to look friendly, but the grip is actually painful, and he gives Ed a meaningful look. "yeah, I mean...we didn't exactly plan to be on a bus. I was at the hospital for examination...they were trying some painkiller on me with side effects...and Ed here, he just survived a bus crash...not exactly a reason to get on a bus afterwards, right? Anyway, I fell asleep...holy shit!" His gaze pans over to the stock of shotguns and handguns. "What the fuck? Officer look at this...someone stored a fucking arsenal here!"

Edward shoots a look at Drake over his shoulder. Not one of support, but he stares at the thief like he had just announced he was the king of france. _That was utterly stupid._ A shake of his head, a blow through his nose. "Officer, what's the situation, we have here?"

The trooper muses for a moment. "well... The situation is I got a couple o' guys on a bus that's nowhere near where it oughtta be... looks like it took some bumps too," he mumbles, eyes rising over the heads of the two and glancing at the broken windows and gunshot damage. "..And these two fellas seem to have themselves a whole mess o'guns. The situation we're in?" he concludes, "is that I'm waitin' for backup."

In the bathroom, the woman has grabbed Garfield forcibly by the back of his jacket. "Get out," she commands viciously, yanking hard.

"Jesus Christ!" Garfield starts at the pull. He doesn't have to fake much -- his back spasms at the unexpected torque -- and he narrowly keeps the urine from spaying out of the urinal. "Y'bloody well mind letting finish here? Otherwise, _I_ ain't the one cleanin' it up...."

Edward now can only glare at Drake. He had gotten him into this mess, why he would have stayed in the hospital. But oh, no, Mr. hot shot had to leave town, had to get out of there. He was heading home. And now he's tipped the cops and they're all jailbait. _So c'mon, let's hear the winning story. Did the guns just 'fall' onto the buss?_

Without even a pause, the woman yanks harder, dragging Garfield out into the gas station proper. "Now get outta here, you bum!" she yells, and with a final shove propels him towards the front door.

Drake blinks innocently, and cursing inwardly, hoping he could have gotten the officer to face away from them. "What? Now, wait a second officer...these aren't our guns." he protests. "I don't even know how we got on this fucking bus! I mean, come on! I fell asleep taking a frigging painkiller! Wait a minute..." He looks at Edward accusingly. "Did you do this? Did you and that fat alcoholic kidnap me? What the fuck is going on?!" he starts to shout.

"Ease down," directs the trooper firmly. From out of the front door, the bus driver in question is forced to stumble - still not entirely hooked up. "Hey Rodney! Found another one in here!" yells a woman from inside the station. The officer turns, regarding the figure coming out of the station, and lets out a soft sigh of .. exhaustion? disappointment?

_Bum?_ Garfield stumbles to a halt. _**That** I can handle..._ "Fine." With fake assumed dignity, he does up his fly, fighting an urge to piss on a shelf or three. "Be that way." He stalks towards the door. "Have no respect for your fellow human beings." He shoots a dirty look over his shoulder. "See where it gets you." And in a fine huff, he heads out the door.

Drake moves into action as the cop is distracted. Reaching under his jacket, he pulls out the revolver, firing point blank unhesitatingly.

Edward just glares daggers at Drake. _The idiot is ratting me out? With a lame story like that? How dare he._ Catching Garf come out of the building, he looks back to Drake and the gun... He reaches, and the gun goes off. Frozen. That's the best description. The man doesn't want to make any move to earn that python curving toward him. _I hope the other officer guns you down before you shoot me, you moron._

The trooper - Rodney - gets a very surprised look on his face as he falls over backwards, his revolver dropping uselessly from a twitching hand. On the floor of the bus, he lays with eyes wide, pupils changing shape and size rapidly as shock sets in.

Drake sighs. He doesn't look pleased, and he shoulder's past Edward,picking up the fallen cop's revolver. "Sorry, old timer. You were probably eight days to retirement, too." he informs Rodney as he strides out of the bus, looking for the woman that called out, a revolver in each hand...

Garfield stops in bemused horror. _Oh, you stupid, bastard._ He takes a step backwards. He sees three things: one, a state trooper's cruiser; two, scruffy student through the windows of his bus; and three, a punk he knows has a gun. He doesn't see a state trooper. _You stupid, stupid bastard._ He turns and strides into the garage. "You," he tells the woman. "Bathroom. Now. Why'd you only call one trooper? Stupid...."

The woman, upon hearing the gunshot, becomes much more tractable, and hurries back into the station, even before Garfield's urging prompts her to.

Edward looks at the cop, then at Drake, then back at the bus. He closes his eyes... And stands up. Walking into the back of the bus, he picks up a rifle, and considers his options. He either takes up a sniping point from the window and tell Drake to put down the guns, and hopefully get some time off for cooperation, or... Be on the run.

Drake looks at Garfield. "Where's the woman? Oh never mind...I'll find her myself before this place is swarming with pigs." He starts into the station.

The gas-station attendant is clearly visible, moving through the rows of shelves on her way back behind the counter.

Garfield doesn't even glance back as Drake moves by him. _Guess I'm gonna do some shootin' after all..._ He sprints to the bus.

Edward sees Garfield coming, and hefts a second rifle. "Is there a second trooper?" He calls in, as the driver approaches, walking toward the head of the bus.

Garfield says, "There will be. And then there'll be three and four and then a fucking army. Zombies are one thing, assuming we're not mad. Cops are another." He quickly hefts a shotgun.

Drake moves into the station. "Okay, lady, look...I've had a really bad evening. But going on a killing spree is not exactly my idea of a relaxing morning." he calls out. "If you come out right now, I promise you won't be hurt. If you do something stupid like call 911...there won't be any such guarantee."

Edward's face contorts. "If there's no second trooper, then who the fuck is he going after?" He hefts the rifle. "Don't tell me he's going to shoot some attendant."

The woman stops, turning; her face, already not a thing of beauty, is frozen into a frightful mask. The instincts born and bred into every attendant of a gas station, convenience store, and quick-stop make her raise her hands, slowly and cautiously.

Garfield says, "I'm thinking I remember some asshole punk kidnapping me and taking this bus. Don't you? I waitin' here for the calvary, and then hope they shoot him down. There's a station attendant in there. Not a nice lady, but that's how it goes."

Garfield says, "Idiot goes after the attendant thinking she'll call the cops, leaves his gun stash here. Must be high or somethin'."

Drake smiles. He's not exactly friendly looking, but he does go as far as to stow the trooper's revolver in the back of his pants. "Okay, you're doing fine, missy. Now, walk slowly towards me."

Edward nods his head. "I'm thinking he was hyped up on some drug from the hospital, he was hallucinating, had some guns with him, climbed the bus, and hijacked it while you were making your last rounds."

Garfield says, "We keep him in there and then let he cops take over and hope we don't get tossed in jail too -- or just dead, like this poor bastard."

The woman approaches, her head averted; arms stay rigidly up and clear.

Garfield says, "I'm going to the cruiser, see if I can get someone on the radio. Cover me, would you? Christ, I must be in a movie...."

Drake smiles. "Very good. Okay. Now, we're going to go over to the bathroom, okay?" he says, as if to a child, nudging the woman towards the door with his left hand.

Edward frowns. He thinks the old man may be a better deadeye then him, and he likely can use the radio better... "Fine." He moves to the bus seat, crouching down it, and shoves the barrel through one of the windows. "You hurry your ass up, old man, and get on that thing before Max Payne gets his trigger-happy ass out here."

Within a few moments, Drake's got the woman cornered in the bathroom. He tilts his head, looking at the woman. "Ah...this is going to sound strange, but I want you to answer. Where were you last night?"

"I was... at home..." comes the quavering voice. "Watching.. wrestling..."

Drake nods slowly. "And where do you live?"

Drake says, "You don't have to give an exact address."

"I live.. in Boring.. about a mile from here," the woman's voice continues.

Drake purses his lips. "Right. Ah...you didn't hear anything in the news about hordes of roaming zombies, did you?"

There's a long pause, probably while the woman evaluates Drake's sanity. "...No?" comes the faint response, at last.

Garfield steps over the trooper's body, an action he'd not once thought he'd do in his entire life. His back protests as he almost leaps down the bus' steps and sprints -- for the second time in ten minutes, which is twice more than in the previous decade -- for the cruiser, praying the door would be open.

Edward Calls out, "Lay down in the front seat! Don't let him see you in the seat."

Drake holds out a hand. "May I please have the key?"

Yanking the door open, Garfield dives inside. _No shit, Sherlock... Bloody kids..._ He grabs the radio's mike and squints at the main unit. Hoping the thing is on he presses the send button and avoids saying "Hello?", but only barely. "If anyone's there, there's an officer down."

Drake sighs as the key is handed over. "Hon, I'm going to have to lock you in here...but one way or another, someone will probably be around to let you out. Sorry for all the trouble." He closes the door, locks it, and then breaks the key off in the lock.

Drake moves over behind the counter then, looking for a phone.

A call comes back, over the cruiser's police-band radio: "Who is this? Where are you locateD?"

Drake finally finds it, and cuts the wire, so no one can use it. Then, he lights up a smoke, and takes a few drags.

Garfield says, "I'm at--" and rattles off an address. "There's a maniac with a gun and he's shot a trooper. Please get help here fast as you can."

Edward glances over at the Trooper. _Fuck. He's dying._ He picks up the rifle, and moves toward the trooper's fallen form, and kneels over him, setting the rifle aside. Glancing up, Gar said something about first aid kits, he finds one, and starts compressing on the bullet wound. "I'm sorry about this," He explains to Rodney, who's likely in shock and can't hea rhim, "We don't know this guy. He just climbed aboard, hyped up on something..." With the aid of the kit, he atleast stops the bleeding, no telling what damage has already been done by the slug."

Drake flicks his lighter a few times. _Okay. Now what the fuck do I do._ He sighs, putting the lighter away, and heads out of the station, towards the bus.

"A unit is on its way. Stay where you are," reports the radio; then silence.

Garfield says, "Thanks very much. Please hurry, I didn't survive last night just to get shot this morning."

Drake climbs into the bus. "Come on, Ed...that trooper likely called for backup. And we can't be here when they come." he calls out, looking for his duffel.

Edward spies Drake coming. Oh hell. He pushes the rifle back a few feet, before standing up as Drake walks up on the Bus. "Hold on, I need to get the damn driver first. Grizzlebeard thought he could hotwire the trooper's car." He walks over and picks up one of the pistols, before starting outside of the bus. _Get out of your doughnut shops, and **get** here..._

Garfield picks himself up from the cruiser's seat, pulling himself all the way in and shutting the door. _These thing have bulletproof windows...?_

Drake blinks as Ed moves past him with a gun in hand. "Glad to see you're with the program, here..." He grabs a box of 9mm, a box of .357, shoves them, and the trooper's gun into his duffel. He then proceeds to de-bus.

Garfield continues his semi-conversation with the cop on the radio's other end. "He's got a hostage, and may make a move towards the police car. Any bloody suggestions? This thing have bulletproof windows?"

"Stay where you are," the radio advises. Meanwhile, in the distance, the sound of sirens can be heard.

Garfield eyes the rearview mirror. "Thanks a bloody lot."

Edward looks around. "Well, seeing as you're the man with the gun, I should just follow orders." He announces. Good thing to get the story straight, right? "Exactly what are you going to take us in, Drake? THe bus is totaled, and you can't get away in the trooper's car. THat's just obvious."

Drake shrugs. "We don't have a whole lot of options, and the fuzz is coming close. oh, shit...wait for me at the car. The trooper probably has the keys." He moves to the fallen Rodney and pats him down for keys.

Garfield sees Drake retreat back into the bus. Swallowing hard, he opens the cruisers door and readies the shotgun. "Get over here, kid."

Edward's eyes open wide, but he gets an idea. He rolls underneath the bus, and points the gun flatly at the one of the cruiser's tires. _As soon as the gun nut comes out, I pop the tire, I run._

Drake finally grabs them from a pocket. "Time to go." he hustles out of the bus, going for the cruiser.

Edward spots Drake come out of the bus, and instead finds a new target: his legs. However, he doesnt' want to pop a cap in Drake's leg until Gar becomes an immediate threat and danger to the maniac.

Over the sights of the shotgun, and softly, so softly, Garfield tells the punk, "I've always hated guns. Why don't you just drop yours, hey?"

Drake blinks. He's got the revolver at his side, and doesn;t raise it when he sees the shotgun. He sighs. "Look, pal, we don't have time to play hero, okay? Put the heat away. You'll shoot your eye out."

Garfield says, "Maybe, but not before I shoot out your spine."

Drake taps the revolver against his leg. "Look, I feel like getting out of here, okay? if you want to wait for the cops, get arrested, that's fine with me. But I'm leaving. So if you're not comnig with, get away from the car."

Meanwhile, the sound of approaching sirens grows more noticeable.

_He's going to blast the old man. Not cool. No offense, Drake, but you sealed my fate with shooting the Trooper. Now you're my ticket out of here._ He lines up the shot, and squeezes the trigger. After having taken aim, Drake having stopped, it got him a perfect shot of Drake's calf. The bullet comes screaming out, and meets up with the fleshy spot of meat. Edward is allready rolling out from beneath the bus as fast as he can, hoping the idiot doesn't shoot him while on the ground.

As if the shot was a signal, Garfield pulls his own trigger.

Drake feels, briefly, like he's in a movie. Everything seems to move in slow motion. He hears the report of the pistol, and his leg crumples under him, as he falls...and then he feels tha blast from the shotgun. He falls with a weak groan, the revolver tumbling from his hand. He stares dumbly at nothing, pain radiating over his body. _Well, fuck._

Garfield feels like vomitting as a red mist hangs for a second in the air Drake once occupied, but he resists the immediate desire to throw the shotgun as far away as possible. He can't be sure since Drake was moving, but he thinks he only got the punk in the arm. _Guess I gotta go 'round the car and check him out..._ Reluctantly he stands, and cautiously moves around the vehicle.

Edward hears the shotgun blast. _Drake didn't have a shotgun. Gar got him? Fnuck._ He runs around the side of the bus, pistol raised, and peers around the bus, seeing where everyone is, and more importantly, Drake and his gun.

Garfield calls, "You see him?" to the kid.

Drake is flat on the ground, laying in a growing pool of his own blood, the revolver to one side. He's conscious, but it's a tenuous thing. Thing keep fading out of focus. it's a wonder he's not screaming in pain.

Edward runs out, towards Drake. _Okay, okay, think think. Yes! Don't touch his gun._ He moves over and kicks Drake's revolver under the bus. A look at his arm, and the student winces. "You surely ripped him a new one. Well. I might as well fix that before he loses the damn thing. Gar, get me a kit."

Garfield puts the shotgun carefully on the ground before moving to kick the revolver away. _First aid, shit..._

Garfield watches the pistol skitter away as the kid gets there first. "Guess you're not so dumb after all. I know some first aid, but that arm's gonna need a surgeon, if not an outright miracle."

A dismissive gesture. "I can atleast stop the bleeding and bandage it so it doesn't get an infection. We want him alive and kicking, remember?"

Garfield says, "Get rid of your gun. Don't want the police shooting you by accident. And raise your arms _real_ high, hear?" He calls the last over his shoulder as he retrives a couple of his stash of first aid kits.

Drake looks up at Edward dully. And then he reaches under his coat...and pulls out the Glock. Pointing it at Edward.

Drake doesn't fire, however.

Edward ahs. "You have a point, there. I... think I'm going to listen to you, and put my gun... down..." This he says while tossing his gun to the side.

Garfield says, "Good id-- uh..." His voice stumbles to halt as he sees Drake's new gun through the bus' front window.

Drake shakes his head. "Not bad, kid." he grunts. "But your aim sucks. This is how you kill someone." And then his opens his mouth, and shoves the barrel of the gun inside.