Drake has seen so much fucked up stuff so far, he's not as fazed by this impossible event as one might normally be. But he has no clever quip, and is instead spurred to action, biting back the pain. "Shoot it!" he yells to Garfield as he puts the gun to the back of the monstrosity and pulls the trigger, his mind stilling as he wonders if the next few moments will be his last.

Standing up from the box of papers quickly enough to feel momentarily lightheaded, Garfield takes a firm grip on his shotgun and decides that, yes, _this_ is monstrous enough that shooting it wouldn't be such a bad idea. _Tempting as it is, though, they're rather Siamese I've already spattered enough of Drake around..._ Drake's point-blank shots go off, and Gar's eyes narrow in a sudden thought: _There's no spread at the end of the barrel..._ He steps close, said barrel swinging up.

The emergent creature is shot twice, screaming terribly, an unearthly voice almost loud enough to shake the concrete foundations of the tunnel. It turns, howling in pain and frustrated rage, and Drake is again left with a single functional arm. The beast grows, narrowing its eyes, its half-scaled, grey visage almost mocking the two mortals to do better. Then it turns, loping at incredible pace down the tunnel.

Staring after the monster, almost weak-kneed from relief at not having to pull the trigger--and not getting a few pieces torn out of him--Garfield lowers his weapon. He glances at Drake. "Next time I suggest amputation, I will **not** be kidding," he states, matter-of-factly. With one hand, he reaches into a pocket and withdraws a flask. He thumbs it open and doesn't stop until it's practically empty.

Drake just stares after it. Part of him wants to throw up. He does not seem to be inclined to chase after it, after that experience. He stares at the stump of his arm and sits on a crate of supplies. "I wonder if it would make a difference." He watches Gar drink, and his own thirst stirrs. But it seems to be practically empty the way Gar pulls on it. _And at least one of us needs his wits about him._

Seconds pass. A minute. Silence reigns in the tunnel. Then the sound of feet can be heard, coming from the distance. The beast has apparently chosen to turn around and fight...

Drake grits his teeth. "Fuck. Apparently it's not done yet." Two rounds gone, but the clip holds thirteen more. But can they beat it together? He looks at Garfield. "We can't outrun it. So you'd better be prepared to shoot..."

"Oh, hell," Garfield whispers. Wildly, he looks around for something to tear down into an improvised barricade. The flask bangs onto the ground, forgotten, and what little contents remains trickle out onto the concrete floor.

Drake doesn't mention that Gar doesn't need to outrun the beast...he just needs to outrun Drake. While part of him might welcome death, there's no evidence that this night mare will end if he does...so they have to fight together, if they hope to live. But then...."I'm all turned around. Where's the ladder from here?"

The tunnel rumbles with the force of the inhuman creature's passage. It's visible again in the dimly-lit channel of concrete, rampaging toward the two men with unquenchable fury.

Garfield looks away from the supplies and boxes around them with disgust. They'd just be useless, and the beast is too close anyway. He indicates a diretion to Drake. "Back thataway, but I don't fancy being pulled off the ladder by that thing."

Drake grits his teeth, and fires as fast as the gun will shoot. "Gar, just grab the book and run for the ladder, dammit!" he growls as he backs up as quickly as he can...

The creature lunges, grey arms and huge, misproportioned hands pushing wickedly-barbed claws forward. It misses - barely - and curls up its massive fists to pummel and pound on the two men in the tunnel. Drake and Garfield go flying sideways, away from each other; each lands very heavily, and roughly, heads striking concrete or metal...

---

"Uhhhh..." James is clearly not in the best state of mind presently. In fact, he's not in the best state of body either. He shudders, as his memory leaves him unable to forget the fact that the reason for all of this pain is that he's been shot. He sits up and looks at his bandages. "I'm alive... oh... ow."

Tries to sit up, rather, an act which leaves the scientist in a great deal of discomfort. The sound of the door clicking open makes him aware of the hospital room he lays in, and eyes track to the sound. A nurse comes in, dressed spotlessly in hospital white. "Please relax, sir, the doctor will be with you in a moment," this man says, then closes the door behind him.

James does his best to relax. _Curiosity killed the cat, they say. And very nearly killed the scientist. As soon as I can get out of here, I'm going home. Away from the madmen. With the guns..._

The door opens a few moments later and the doctor arrives, a neat, compact little woman in her late 40's. "Well, you must be James Mannitiste," she says pleasantly, almost disarmingly. "Welcome back. It's been a busy morning, I hope you'll forgive me.. People seem to be washing up on our doors today."

"Yeah... that's me." He tries his best to not seem in terrible terrible pain. "You're forgiven..." he says, with only a wince of pain as he exhales. "What's my status? I take it I'm going to live?" Says James, while looking over the doctor. _Please... please say that you won't have to amputate..._"

"Yes, you'll be okay in time," replies the doctor crisply, then smiles. "Anyway, just rest. We'll take good care of you. Ring if you need anything, okay?" She seems evidently prepared to leave, provided no immediate objection is voiced.

"Alright." James leans back then. "How soon do you think I can get out of here?" He asks, sounding rather curious. He also seems to have a bit of hopefulness to the voice.

"Probably a couple of days," replies the physician with a smile. "If you'd been gut-shot by anything but a shotgun with virtually no powder in the cartridge, you'd probably be dead right now. But, thank your lucky stars somebody doesn't know how to load ammo."

_Thank you lucky stars, that someone doesn't know how to load ammo._ is James' chief thought of the moment. "Alright. I'll just rest then. Thank you Doctor." He then waits for the doc to leave, before closing his eyes and trying to sleep.

---

The bus driver comes to in a bed whose nature is growing familiar to him indeed - a hospital bed. Outside the door are voices, familiar ones, those of some of his co-workers. "Let us in!" one calls. A gruff, firm voice rejoins, "Not until he's been checked out,"

_Well, I'm not dead. That's good. And maybe it was all a dream. That's even better. Except... I don't think that bleedin' crane and the crash was a dream, and that's **very** bad._ Resolutely, Garfield closes his eyes and tries to go back to sleep.

Time passes. Eventually a few of Garfield's coworkers and colleagues - faces from what feel like an eternity ago - are allowed to pile into the room. "Hey, big guy!" "You feelin' alright?" "Garfield!"

Garfield cracks open an eyelid. "Hey, Will. And Smitty--what's this place comin' to, with them lettin' you in here?" His lips twitch into a smile.

"Sure you ain't here for liver damage?" cracks one of the guys. The trio pile in around the bed. "Boss has been worried, my man," says Will, more solemnly. "So anyway, we got told by the cops that you were here, and that you'd been in and out for awhile, y'know? No idea where you were.."

"My liver's got gallon--I mean, years left in it, I'll have you know!" Gar replies, mock indignantly. More seriously, he continues, "But I think I banged my head pretty hard or somethin'. The last while's been... fuzzy." He smirks a it. "Think Johnny-the-bossman's gonna get his wish an' see me locked up in a looney bin, safe 'n sound."

"Alright guys, visiting hours in here are over," announces one of the nurses firmly, stepping into the room and waving the three away. They depart without protest, waving and offering hushed words of encouragement to their fellow. Outside, just for a moment, a dark face and a moustache flash, surmounted by the brief glint of light on a police badge. Then the door closes.

---

For his part, Drake lies insensate and unconscious. Through his mind races dream-vision after dream-vision, the nightmare leavings of some disturbed god, or the flotsam and jetsam of a thousand lives piled forcibly into his skull. The most vivid of these dreams is the view from Hell itself, it seems - an eternally reddish cavern, large as the eye can encompass, in which laborers work unceasingly. These black shadows, never distinct in his awareness but always distortedly humanoid in nature, seem to be toiling. From the darkness beyond the cavern they bring every day objects - hammers, tables, bowls of fruit, childrens' toys - and scuttle over some enormous framework of black steel that dominates the cavern floor. And then the midnight eye of Drake's dream awareness pulls back, viewing the cave far from above, and from there the object of their labors becomes clear. They are constructing a human face

---

Garfield's door is left open; the police officer standing outside is in full view. From time to time this man is consulted in low tones by some member of the staff, almost always with a flick of the eyes into the room. Finally some agreement seems to have been reached, for Garfield is released, free to go when and where he wishes.

A short while later, Garfield sits on the side of his bed, turning the camcorder over and over in his hand. He's not quite feeling brave enough to open the integrated screen and flick it on to watch whatever the tape recorded. But beyond that, he's not quite certain what he wants to do. Go home, yes. Have a nice steak and whiskey dinner, most certainly. But there's also this incessant noise, somewhere in the back of his head, almost subliminal and probably imaginary. Last night was or wasn't real, and while his tiny list of things to do most definitely does **not** include finding out which it is, there remains that tiny noise. And Garfield knows what it is, too, and he's getting tired of being laughed at. _Shut up, shut up, damn you! I don't care if you **are** God, you've still got a shitty sense of humour!_ The laughter only swells. He doesn't throw the camera at the wall hard as he can, he carefully shoulders it's strap. And then he slowly and deliberatly heads out into the c

corridor, finds out which way the admissions desk is, and with his thoughts as quiet as he can make them, heads there.

Patiently, he waits his turn at the desk. He even manages a smile when the nurse behind the desk looks up at him politely. "I'm certain I'm mistaken," he temporizes, enunciating more clearly than he's done in years, "but I believe that I may know a person or two in this facility. Would you mind looking up their names? James Mannitiste, and Edward Wood.

Politely the nurse directs Garfield to James' room. She regrets to inform him that Edward was checked out some time ago, and has not since returned.

Garfield says, "And there's another, whose name I'm not entirely certain of. Drake, I think. "

This name is one that the receptionist knows without referencing her computer. "Drake Watson? Sir, he... passed away a few days ago. His body is... being kept here."

Garfield nods. "I see. Do you know if his family's been notified?"

The nurse shakes her head. "That matter's been turned over to the police."

Garfield nods again. "Good. Thank you for your assistance. Have a pleasant day." He turns, spots the sign for the nearest washroom, and beings walking briskly. The room is empty when he arrives. Gently he sets down the camera, removes his jacket with the kid's notebook, as yet unopened this day, tucked into an inside pocket, and runs the water. _There's no point in throwing up,_ he sternly tells his stomach, _I haven't had near enough to drink yet._ He splashes water on his face. "Now what?" he whispers. He doesn't want to meet his eyes in the mirror's reflection. "Screw it," he says. "I'm still going home." And he does just that.