You stand outside the house of Vedus Greyrobe. It's located at a cul-de-sac on one of the flagstone streets of Coulam. While it seems to be constructed of crude materials such as stucco and wood. Greyrobe himself opens the front door a few minutes later and steps out, closing it behind him. "Ah. Welcome, my friends. I hope you've been enjoying our city. Please, join me in the grove." He leads the way down a flagstone path between natural trees. The grove has a circle of iron benches covered with some sort of polymer batting, and a low wooden coffee table between them. Several steaming alembics of tea and mugs are set around the table. It's an odd mix of indoor and outdoor furniture. Greyrobe motions for you to sit, and takes a seat himself. Greyrobe rubs his palms together, looking thoughtful. "Your friend, Mister Halunen, is quite the strange case." Archer sits, and waits for Leandra to start, being unfamiliar with local protocol. Leandra slips herself into a seat and looks at the grove for a time, a soft sigh escaping her lips. "It is very peaceful here," she says softly. "What has been learned thus far?" she asks curiously. Oi smiles. Of course he's been smiling kind of in the same manner ever since landing in Coulam. "Yeah I'd kinda like to know what's happening with the wossname myself... if you don't mind telling us." Greyrobe pours from the Alembic. The scent of peppermint and green tea wafts through the air. "We've learned quite a bit of trivia, and little of substance, I'm afraid. As you've surmised, he's been in suspended animation for over a hundred years. That wasn't a function of his original nanites. They were... reprogrammed... by an entity." He pulls a data pad from a pocket in his robe and slides it across the table to Leandra. It's full of MRI scans, ultrasound diagrams, and more exotic information. "The code in his body's nanites is similar to the code in the crashed computer cores of Icereach, which Mister Vey says resemble the remains of a failed, post-rampant AI. I think this is interesting enough on its own. But it explains little." Archer says, "It's only a starting point, really." "Reprogrammed?" murmurs Leandra. "That is.. difficult even in the simplest case." Which is to say beyond them. "Could the AI try to use nanites to preserve itself?" she asks, looking to Oi. Jiro sits quietly, digesting speculation and conclusion. He is no scientist; his role is to integrate the knowledge he's given and make the best overall decisions he can with it. Hence, he listens. "It's a good deal more than a starting point," exclaims Oi, looking a little annoyed. "I mean it's obvious to me anyway... the AI was going rampant and managed to take hold of nanite boy there somehow, or it came across him during the crash. And after that it started to reprogram his nanites. The code's the same, 'cept one has less security holes. I'll let you guess which one does. So the AI tries to use these nanites to preserve itself, to make itself better, maybe ends up working in or with this guy. He could have a sort of AI and Human brain." Oi drums his fingers idly, "And here I thought you blighters were the clever oens." Greyrobe frowns. "Well, consider what else this implies. We know that Halunen's... shall we call it, his 'condition'... was contemporary with the Crash. The precise cause of the Crash was unknown, and as far as we know, it affected every world, everywhere. No AI ever observed before - even the most virulent and rampant AI - was ever able to infest more than a city." Archer hmmms. "So what is actually known about the behavior of incipient AI's? Why do they go rampant and crash?" Leandra frowns and looks to Oi. "You should evolve some manners," she suggests bluntly. She turns to Greyrobe and sighs, giving him a long-suffering look. Maybe now he can see what she has to put up with Outside. "I am being civil. It's that everyone's just dancing around the issue, because they are afraid to at least give it a shot that it might be true. At least that's how it seems, if it's not, then I apologize." Oi goes on to explain the process in which an AI, or the equivalent thereof goes rampant, and how in all observed cases, instead of Transcending their quest for processing power, they go bonkers and die. Usually. "It may be that we have observed an AI that was able to infest this fellow because he wanted help. I presume the guy may have had some kind of control over his nanites? Or if not, they might have been affected by the crash... it's hard to say exactly, not without delving a little deeper, but in order to do that, we have to face this possibility." http://pandoraslair.org/m/memesis.php?id=703 Archer says, "So you're saying that this fellow might have had enough nanites to interface between his brain and the AI and it found more processing power by accessing him?" Greyrobe asks, "Captain Uzuki, did you mention you believed that the being was comprised of at least two entities?" "The observed facts suggested two entities to me, and Leandra tentatively confirmed that hypothesis," states Jiro, speaking formally. He lapses a bit fom doctrine, and smiles. "One kept on attacking us, after our offer of help. It seemed to be rather upset about something." Leandra nods in agreement with Jiro. "Yes, using purely psychological analysis seemed to indicate more than one personality was present," she explains. "I could not find out more, however. It is hard to say whether it is a disorder or.. something else. I had not thought at the time that nanites themselves might find a way to generate thoughts." Greyrobe nods and speaks slowly. "It would make sense... I don't believe that the entity so much merged with him, as it used him as a host." He points at Leandra's datapad. "Have a look at the cortical MRI. The penetration of nanoprobes into his brain structure is relatively low. Halunen had his nanotech installed on New Queensland. At the time of the Crash, true neural integration technology was beyond them... there were few worlds that had that knowledge. And so only rudimentary interfaces were possible." Greyrobe continues, "So then, I wonder where this other personality went? Should it not still be present now?" "Well the AI 'entity' if that's what you wanna call it might have been upset at the fact that we took it out of the junk on the floor of his? Is that the right word? Cavern. That, with the nanites, and that shell he's in now could have the CPU power to support him." "My guess is that the other entity feared removal from its environment, or feared us. It certainly could not fail to recognize what we were," observes Jiro. "I can't speak for the integration of its personality, but I imagine if it is still present, it may be biding its time for that reason." Archer says, "Or taking him out of the network of nano-fibers and the shell may have lobotomized the AI, too." "The disconnection was far from an ideal circumstance," agrees Leandra. "We may well have damaged something. It seems that all we can do at the moment, however is speculate." She considers the situation slowly and hmms, "We can only hope now to find some clues from the patient." Greyrobe steeples his fingers and nods at Leandra. "Which is the same conclusion we have come to. Whatever you were speaking to at Icereach... it's either dormant, or gone. It may have been in a steady state for over a century, but when you arrived and threatened it... or at least, it perceived you as a threat... that may have caused its rampant state to decay. Whether Halunen is left in there to rescue or not... time will tell." Jiro frowns. "Our first obligation would be to Halunen's life and sanity in any case. If we've damaged an artificial intelligence beyond repair, it is regrettable. Time will tell whether we made the right decision." Greyrobe pours himself another mug of tea and leans back in his chair. "Decisions... yes... do you remember why your ancestors decided to come to Ayer, a marginal world, from New Queensland? We of Coulam go anywhere humanity will have us, of course. But for the Australites coming from New Queensland, there was one over-arching reason." Greyrobe continues, "Anarchists have trouble gaining acceptance on many high-tech civilized worlds. New Queensland had a breathable atmosphere with natural cycles of wind and water - a paradise by interstellar standards." He frowns. "It also had surveillance in abundance. Monitors and sensors everywhere. Quite disturbing, I'm told, although those that remember have passed on. There are those who find such constant control anathema." Archer nods. "Certainly some truth in that, if not all the truth. Solving the problem of crime at the expense of liberty... because once that kind of machinery is in place, it can be abused." "The actual abuse is a matter of conjecture," Greyrobe states. "But I can think of one hazard of such an arrangement in light of your recent discoveries. A world so dependant on monitoring and automation would certainly experience catastrophic harm from a global crash. What if there was will and volition behind that crash? What if this AI that you encountered at Icereach wasn't a localized phenomenon? What would it do to New Queensland?" Archer shudders. "We might find a world reverted to barbarism." Archer says, "Or we might find that the AI has survived and taken over." "Probably trash the place. But then you never know, the Queens may have found a way to protect their systems. We have no real way of knowing just yet, but if I understand correctly, that's what we're here to find out, isn't it?" Oi goes on, "Or is it not?" Jiro hmms. "If there was a volition behind the crash, one would wonder what the AI's objective was. Destroying your environment is never a rational step; even we human beings have managed to overcome that tendency for the most part." Leandra simply listens for now, having little to add to this conversation just yet. She smiles at the words of Jiro, though. "We try, we try," she murmurs to herself. Greyrobe says, "We construct our own environments now, Captain Uzuki. That construction is usually heavily dependant on automation, and that automation might be part of the threat now." He waves a hand at the dome overhead. "Coulamite civil engineering prefers to rely on systems that require little maintainence." He grins. "And besides... I do so think that trees do wonders for the appearance of a city." "If what you're saying has merit," persists Jiro, "what can we do about it? If we found a world barren, or sparsely populated, or enslaved, there are precious few contingency steps we can take." Archer shrugs. "That we'll have to figure out when we get there. That's why they're sending us, and not some unmanned probe." Greyrobe nods. "And so we come to the uncomfortable part where it is revealed that I have only speculation to offer you, Captain. What we've seen raises disturbing questions that were previously fantasy. How can we deal with those kinds of horrors?" "We deal with them in what ways seem best to us," says Leandra. "We cannot anticipate such things, but we have been trained in many things. This last mission was the best training yet. It is time for us to take the risk and see what is out there. We may be needed." "Oh well that's easy. Give me five minutes... or thereabouts with the computer type horrors, and I'll have them singing about bicycle's built for two in no time flat," boasts Oi. Archer chuckles. "At the risk of sounding horribly cliched, with courage and determination and skill and wisdom. And we have to see the problem before we can know how best to deal with it." Greyrobe looks at Archer when he mentioned unmanned probes. "You know, it's odd that you mention that. It's been a hundred years. New Queensland is only 28 light years away. We might have heard some radio traffic from them by now. And... we haven't." Greyrobe looks baffled by Oi's comment, and looks at Leandra for clarification. Archer nods. "Which is why my first thought was that they've reverted to pre-tech barbarism. It's -possible- that they're just not using broadcast wavelengths, but...." Leandra smiles at Greyrobe and explains the only way she can, "I have learned that trying to understand everything from Outside is futile. And much of that understanding would be a waste of time." In other words, she has no idea, and no interest in having one. Greyrobe says, "Well, there was one message that arrived from the outside was much more direct. MacArthur has asked you to return to DomWun when you are ready. Halunen's... debugging, I suppose you could call it, will take quite some time. Months, perhaps. I think that the other sponsors would like to see the mission moving along before then." Greyrobe says, "I would like to leave you with a final piece of advice... seek out the branches of Coulam, where they exist. With Leandra present, they will know you as our emissaries, and will offer what aid they can." Archer nods, and glances at Leandra. _We will have to talk about that._ Greyrobe asks, "I did have one final question for you... Mister Archer, how was it that you found that superconductive fiber? It was barely visible outside the Icereach blockhouse. I'm curious about how you spotted it." Archer opens his mouth, and closes it again before answering. "I ... don't really know, sir. I get hunches, now and then. I know where to look, or what to look for. It was just one of those." Greyrobe nods thoughtfuly. "Would you mind horribly, leaving a tissue sample with us before you depart?" Leandra arches an eyebrow and files that away for later. That's actually interesting. "Hopefully your hunches are as helpful in the future," she asides to Archer. "I have a feeling we'll be needing every one." Archer shrugs. "I don't see why not. I've given enough samples to the medical teams over the last few months that one more won't matter." He looks curious, though. "What are you going to do with it?" Greyrobe says, "Oh... we just want to cross-check a genomic signature against some other data we have... other people who get hunches, and such. It's all rather technical, perhaps Leandra can explain it to you some time." Jiro says, "In other words, you want to breed for intuition." Greyrobe glances at Jiro, and then at his steepled fingers. "Not to put too fine a point on it, but... yes. Yes, we do." Archer chuckles. "Breedin' fer intuition, is it? Oh, aye, as long as I can still do it the old-fashioned way." Greyrobe says softly, "Ever civilization has its survival strategy. This is ours. Our economics is based around the quality of our minds and our genes. You can imagine some of the stigmas and stories about Coulam that have arisen from that. Oi has to snicker at this, "That sounds like a..." He laughs, "Well... I suppose if you want to, you may as well. Although I'll take the old-fashioned way I'm sure." Leandra, for some odd reason, is staying remarkably quiet. For the first time in Coulam, she seems to bask in not being noticed. Archer nods, his spark of humor dying down again as he processes this tidbit of information. "If you think it's something worth checking out, then certainly, sir. I'd be honored." Team Aurora spends the rest of the night in the dormitories of the Dock area. Before retitiring, a med tech draws a blood sample from Archer and deposits it in a cryogenic barrel. There's little ceremony, but it's obvious from the man's eyes that he's treating the sample as a precious commodity, handled with unusual care. The following morning, the Coulam ground crew drives you out to the VTOL shuttle, which has been serviced and refuelled. You arrive in Domwun just after noon. Contrary to previous procedure, you're met at the landing pad by a van. MacArthur is standing outside the van, along with a second man in the khaki uniform of the Space Agency. You note that he has a sidearm. MacArthur walks up to the door of the VTOL; the guard stays behind. MacArthur holds a written note up against the windscreen - 'Get in the Van to Avoid the Press'. Archer nods through the windscreen and gives the Doc a thumbs-up. "The van's to avoid the newsies, folks. Let's be sneaky and quick and avoid the hassle, shall we?" As you file into the van, MacArthur comes in behind you and bolts the door shut. There's a few moments of hissing as the carbon dioxide is pruged from the cabin atmosphere, and MacArthur removes his breather. "Sorry about this. Damn newsies might have a probe in our radios, and I don't have the patience for that just now." He thumps on the wall seperating the cabin from the driver, and the van starts to move. Archer says, "I don't blame you a bit. I don't think I'd want to deal with 'em either. What's the political fallout from all this?" Leandra will settle into the van with a relieved sigh. "So this is how we can avoid foolish interviews?" she asks. "I rather like this idea." The van rolls smoothly across the tarmac, turning off onto one of the maintainence roads that rings DomWun. MacArthur says simply, "Well. As to fallout, you lot found a hell of a lot more than anyone expected. And now all of a sudden, all the sponsors who couldn't be bothered to give a by-your-leave a month ago, are wanting their cut of the discovery. To say nothing of the media circus." Jiro nods slowly. "Our timetable is still on, yes?" he asks, frowning. MacArthur chuckles. "You know I'm sorry every time I put you out in front of them, Miss. But I suppose that won't have to be for much longer. One up side to this - oh, have we ever got the public support we wanted. And as to timetable... I'll say it's still on. In fact, if we can manage it, and you're willing, we'd like you to launch a wee bit early." Archer chuckles. "If it avoids a press conference, I'm for it." "Is there something else we should be doing now," asks Oi, who fidgets just a little. "I'm kinda interested in seeing what it is we're supposed to do. Leave early you say? Hey now... that sounds great..." Leandra hmms, "Why are they bumping up the launch?" she asks. "Not that I mind, but I am curious. Is there some fear that support might be pulled if we wait?" MacArthur cricks his neck and fishes out a datapad. Now that you look, it's obvious that he's fatigued; he probably hasn't slept as much as you have. "While you were taking in the sights at Coulam, I had the staff re-work the mission plan. As you've heard, the flight out to the Stargate can take almost a month, and you have to be careful about when you launch to take advantage of oppositions and the like. Well, the next window was in six months, and that's when you were originally planned to launch." "I'd hoped to have more time for data collection. If there is still an active AI, we may be going out prematurely," observes Jiro. He's never one to doubt his own decision; the only hint of regret in his voices stresses on the premature departure. "But there is no more auspicious moment to launch. We have the popular support we need." MacArthur points at the pad. "But if we send you in two weeks, there's another profile that will get you to the Gate without having to wait for the launch window." "You know, Jiro, you have a point," replies Oi. "Although I'm sure they'll find a way of keeping us abreast of our nano-friends situation while we are off gallivanting around th galaxy, yeah?" "Part of it is popular support, Captain," MacArthur continues. "And part of it is, the stick up Anders' behind aside, a lot of people are kind of spooked about finding an AI sitting in a cave. Ol' Greyrobe's sent me the data and his pet theories and he's not the only one who's put two and two together about a super-size rampant AI causing the Crash." Archer looks at the pad. "Interesting. Why didn't they think of this before?" Oi explains, "Too frightening to think of, isn't it? Admit that your machines that everyone relies on were somehow turning on everyone?" Archer says, "It was always suspected. It's just that people are very good at avoiding uncomfortable truths." Jiro smiles carefully. "Kami are always frightening to those who've neglected to do them proper honor," he observes. "Respect for power is the surest defense against fear. But it's too late for that now. We'll launch whenever is best." MacArthur says, "For the most part, Archer, why the hell bother? A flight with two mid-course corrections is less risk than twelve and there was no particular urgency. There's a couple parts of this one where you'll be passing through some strong radiation and will have to spend some time in the storm cellar on the Aurora." Archer twitches an eyebrow. "Ah. Yes... I'd just gotten that far." MacArthur says, "I don't believe in gods and such, Captain, but I'll tell you one thing - there's no athiests under a dome when the air scrubbers fail. I asked Vedus if Coulam would be willing to send us some trees. Don't think that would be enough for everyone, though." Jiro nods slowly. "It was my understanding we had rather more time than that, but... as you say, sir." The van continues to roll on. The road is bumpier here, as this road isn't often used or maintained. It's clear that you're crossing to the far side of DomWun, heading for the Space Agency's private dome. MacArthur shrugs. "I don't think we're in any serious danger, Jiro. After all, we lived several years without the atmosphere processors. It was hard, or so my parents tell me. We've been pushing the need for the Aurora missions by saying that we'll need help to keep our life support operating. But for the most part it's hogwash. Lies to children." Archer says, "Some of them quite old children, but children nonetheless." MacArthur says, "Mission planners always try to stress the fringe benefits, but I think we all know damn well there's only one reason anyone goes into space. Only ever has been, in nine centuries." The van rolls through an airlock door built into the side of the Space Agency retaining wall. "We go because it's there." Archer says, "And then we settle in for the long haul. Never have understood Luddites and other timid creatures." As the airlock bolts shut behind the van, floodlights come on, illuminating a garage bay. MacArthur finishes. "We're taking advantage of this spike in public interest to get you going. There's a test of the Stargate tomorrow. If it's successful, you launch from the spaceport at Exile as soon as you're ready to go. I'd prefer that it be within fourteen days." You're left to your own devices for the afternoon. MacArthur suggests keeping a low profile, and possible staying within the offices and barracks of the Space Agency dome; access to the grounds is being restricted for the moment. The local media, as one might expect in a city of high-tech anarchists, is running rife with speculation and opinion, both high and low. Several reporters are grumbling about being denied access to the Aurora Team; the Space Agency has released a statement that, at the moment, the Team needs time to recover and first access is granted to mission sponsors. Of course, none of the news agencies are sponsors; and so MacArthur has left them smugly locked outside. It does appear that a press conference is planned for that evening where the official publication of the Icereach data will occur, and MacArthur will explain the facts in an attempt to head off the wilder speculations or any incipient panic. The conference lasts over an hour. Compared to the last conference, just four days ago, this one is much more of an event. The room is full of crews from every media outlet on every city on Ayer, including the Exiles; only Coulam is not present, prefering to draw their conclusions from other telecasts. Griggs Barberton and MacArthur lead the conference. Anders is also present, and sits on the opposite end of the table from the team. He keeps a poker face through the entire conference and speaks matter-of-factly. The timetable of the discovery is reviewed, supplemented by video from the team's cameras. There's more than a little shock over the mining robot's assault on Jiro. The highlight, of course, is the recovery of Halunen from the caverns at the bottom of the drill shaft. The added data doesn't reduce the amount of speculation, but it does seem to focus it. There's less worry about the 'killer AI' crashing the city again, but far more theories about what may have caused the Crash, what may lie beyond the stargates, and so on. It seems that public curiosity has been peaked. The next day, the Space Agency televises the test of the Stargate. The massive alloy ring is shown from remote cameras as a small probe massing about a ton is towed into place at the center. The gate is programmed to send the probe to a point in deep space one light-hour away; about a billion kilometers. Over the next few minutes, the radio chatter of the gate operators accompanies the test as the giant fusion torus powers up. Finally, the jump takes place; one moment the probe is there, the next moment it isn't. One hour later the radio telemetry signals from the probe reach the gate. The test is declared a success, and MacArthur sends a brief email - 'As of today, we have the green light.'