The emergency bridge of the Aurora is cramped and spartan, and is only really tolerable because of the free-fall environment. With Q'in off the ship, the crew is at last alone on the vessel that will be their home for months, maybe even years.

The first thing Jiro has done, once the crew's gotten settled in, is to acquaint himself with the layout - this is simply standard procedure, and sensible at that. The second thing is to print off a pair of adhesive stickers, tastefully written and easily removed if necessary, and place them on the left and right sides of the control cabin where they can be spotted by anyone entering or leaving the nerve center. The first one, written in rough haiku in English, says: "God must love vacuum _This truth is self-evident_ Since He made so much". The other is a bit longer, a brief aphorism from a thinker of an earlier age: "Space-men share many of the characteristics of perpetual prisoners: confinement, solitude, and hope."

Archer grins at the stickers. "To misquote Samuel Johnson - space flight is much like being in prison, with the added risk of decompression."

Archer's moment of levity passes quickly, though. He stays quite busy through the final stages of loading and preparation, running all kinds of checks.

"No military man should ever deprive himself of leave," replies Jiro, as he smooths the second sticker into place. "I believe in discipline, and I believe without periodic foolishness, discipline collapses. The trick is, as with much else, moderation." His hand slides away from the sticker and he admires his handiwork for a moment.

Leandra, for her part, lingers most in the lab. She frets over her equipment and double and triple checks every last detail. After the inventory is thus checked by her, she is satisfied and will consider her more personal effects. Only when everything is in proper order does she make her way back to the bridge. She deliberately enters 'upside down', just to amuse herself. "I went to space to gain a new perspective and now my world is upside down," she says calmly. Coulam joke, perhaps?

Oi Vey takes to the computers on the ship like a bull to a china shop. While he had a hand in writing much of the code that runs the ship, there's still customizations to be done, upgrades to be made, and muttering about back doors and secret keys. Victor keeps a wary camera trained on the young techie as he works, muttering himself about firewalls and invasions of privacy.

Forty-four hours after docking with the scaffold, a commtone indicates an incoming call from Q'in. The parahuman appears in the bridge hologram, surrounded by a dozen or so other technicians. He grins from ear to ear. "Looks like we're on schedule, mates. You all ready to go? Last chance to hit the duty-free for six weeks."

Archer chuckles as he keys up the comm. "I'm more worried about rest stops. I think we're as ready as we're going to be, though. Let's give the downsiders a call and light this candle, shall we?"

"No time, eh? Well, don't worry about it. We left you a surprise in locker 406. There's a crate of real oranges down there. Be sure to pick it up before you go hide in the cellar." He pauses. "We've put a lot of work into this. We all have. Not much more we can say that hasn't already been said." He prods a button on his console. "So off you go. See you in the headlines."

Jiro says nothing, since nothing can be said. He's content to silently acknowledge the magnitude of what the team is about to undertake, with a bowed head.

While the flight to spacedock took a couple of hours, the flight from Ayer to the Stargate is going to take several weeks. Qin's crew has done their best to prepare the vessel to meet the expideted timetable, and so all seems in order as you take your seats in the control center.

Even though the room is buried in the heart of the ship, holographic projectors overlay the walls, cieling, and even the floors. The projectors show a composite of images from the sensor clusters on the hull of the ship. As the projectors come to life, the ship eerily dissolves and leaves the appearance of control consoles floating in empty space a thousand miles above the surface of Ayer. A bright neon-green outline of the craft, akin to an ancient wire-frame rendering, is the only hint to the boundaries present in the projection.

The swarms of spacesuited workers and assembly robots are withdrawing into the Dock through dozens of docking bays and airlocks. Once the volume is clear, launch control gives the signal to depart. Aurora eases out of the dock at a speed of a few meters per second. While the close quarters and extreme mass of both bodies gives rise to exaggerated, cautious movement, the big ship is far from ponderous - a touch of a switch adjust the angle of the vessel a precise few degrees; nudging a lever forward increases the relative speed by a few centimeters per second.

Several minutes later, Aurora is clear of the scaffold. The booster tugs approach from either side and make a hard dock with the ship's port and starboard edges. A tunnel of bright blue rectangles appears in space around the ship, marking the trajectory. The next hour is spent climbing to a higher orbit, boosted by short bursts from the tug's maneuvering engines.

At an altitude of 2000 miles, the trajectory markers suddenly veer sharply out and away from Ayer. Archer touches a few controls and the nose of the craft turns towards the silver-white moon of High Tasmania. Several of the consoles begin counting down the time to ignition for the tug rockets. At ten seconds to go, a rumbling fills the entire ship as the engines on the tugs ignite, pumping minute quantities of antimatter into a cloud of deuterium, instantly causing a powerful fusion reaction. As the countdown reaches zero, the engines reach full throttle and you are pressed back into your acceleration couches with the force of a full gravity.

A bit more than an hour passes. High Tasmania becomes larger in the forward viewscreen as the blue ball of Ayer diminishes to the rear. Soon the craggy peaks of the nearly airless moon are visible. Archer adjusts trajectory for a slingshot maneuver, following a precisely-plotted course to trade velocity between High Tasmania, the Aurora, and Ayer's bright yellow sun. The surface of the moon races by below; the burn fires as Aurora passes into daylight. Once again you can feel your full weight. After two hours, at which point Ayer, its people, the Dock, and the moon are far behind, the tugs detach and flip end-for-end. Soon the tugs are far behind as well, burning the last of their fuel in order to make a recovery orbit at Ayer a few days from now.

The trip into the inner solar system is uneventful, and the crew maintains their training regimen. On the third day, mission control reports that radiation levels, as expected, are climbing to dangerous levels as the Aurora approaches the sun. You secure what little you've had to unstow, and retire to the 'storm attic' in the nose of the craft, subjectively located in a narrow tube 'above' the main bridge. The emergency airlock seals shut with a hiss.

After a few days in the spacious interior of the craft, the attic is a cramped experience more reminiscent of the early days of space travel. However, since Aurora is coasting and not accelerating, there's no illusion of gravity, and zero-gee makes the experience easier. Only Oi experiences ill effects; several days of space-sickness from the unfamiliarity of free-fall.

The maneuver, while not particularly risk, is unconventional, especially with a manned craft. The Aurora's solar sail is a miles-wide sheet of quantum-wire fabric, deployed and maintained by a web of nanorobots. In its original mission as a fuel skimmer, lasers in orbit around gas giants would beam power and provide thrust to the sails. However, in such close proximity to the sun, the solar wind provides a much higher natural thrust.

The sail unfurls in space around Aurora, the quantum wire fabric glittering like an ocean of rainbows for more than seventy miles in every direction. Even with the limited displays available in the storm cellar, it's an impressive site. The sail deploys over the next three hours while the computer carefully tunes polarization on the smart fabric. As the sail approaches full deployment, a countdown appears on the main display. A ripple passes through the rainbow sail, and a shudder runs through the ship. Acceleration increases; first a meter per second, then ten, then thirty - more than three full gravities of acceleration presses you back into your acceleration couch.

The Aurora rattles and shudders, but there's little danger of structural problems; the ship's design as a gas giant skimmer is more than a match for a few bad bumps. Oi, on the other hand, looks worse for the wear, and spends much of the day in a bunk pod, sedated. The acceleration falls off rapidly near the end of the day. Aurora is moving away from the sun at nearly 150 kilometers per second. The crew retracts the solar sail, and spends the next four weeks coasting in zero gravity. Oi recovers, with embarrasment as the only lasting side effect, and after six days in confinement, the team can finally leave the storm cellar and once again take advantage of the ample space on Aurora's other decks.

Archer emerges from the Attic as the radiation level drops and checks the ship in person, going over it from bridge to stern.

Oi tumbles out of the hatch, looking a little green. "Ugh. This never came up in training... must have been something I ate."

Archer just shakes his head. _Still making bad puns..._

Victor grins from a holoprojector on the main bridge. "Perhaps if you ate something besides peanut butter and raisins in the last week, it wouldn't be such a problem. I did warn you about the nutritional side affects."

Oi shoots the program a sour look, but says nothing further.

Leandra's first task it to see to her supplies and to the health of the plants on the ship. Before she does, however, she says calmly, "In the future, Mr. Vey, please spill the contents of your stomach in a more orderly fashion. A general lack of gravity makes clean-up difficult, and might I remind you that I am a doctor, not a janitor."

---

  

Ayer's stargate is a massive metallic ring, nearly a kilometer across. The ring is both fusion torus and space station. Like many toroidal space stations, the gate spins in space to produce an illusion of gravity. The inner and outer surfaces of the ring are covered in sensors and docking cradles. Those that are occupied appear to be hosting craft similar to the Aurora - unmanned fuel skimmers that cycle between the local gas giant and the Gate.

As usual, docking is handled by computer, which guides Aurora to intercept a docking cradle on the outer wall of the Gate. The ship approaches with its nose facing the hub of the gate, and enters a docking bay with a quick nudge from its thrusters as the large open hatch passes. The docking cradle takes hold. The return of simulated gravity, after four weeks in free-fall, is jarring and the seats creak under the sudden weight.

After a moment, Aurora is hard-docked to the gate. Sensors on the bridge computers show the docking tube locking onto the airlock near the cargo deck.

Archer says, "And we have arrived." He sets ship systems to standby as the station umbilicals pick up the power load. "Shall we stretch our legs?"

Leandra is grateful for the return of gravity. Before she leaves the ship, she'll say to her crewmates, "I strongly suggest everyone make use of the gravity. If we have time, getting in at least twenty minutes of exercise would be wise to maintain bone strength. And if anyone has any stomach problems or dizziness, please let me know right away." Leave it to the doctor to suggest sneaking in a bit of aerobics.

The main lock hisses open, revealing another white corridor, four meters wide. A woman in a shipboard coverall leans against the wall. Her blonde hair is drawn back in a tight ponytail. She straightes as the door opens, and adjusts her goggles. "Welcome aboard. I'm Tara Strang. Some people here call me the Mayor, but only when they want to irritate me. Even so, I'm the official welcome wagon. So welcome to Stargate 55 Cancri One." She grins. "We've been waiting for you."

Jiro staggers unsteadily out of the airlock, regaining his balance after a moment, glancing about as his shipmates join him. "Thank you for the welcome," he manages, with a smile.

Strang raises an eyebrow. "Well, I guess that's to be expected. Mister MacArthur and his friends have given us quite a few fits of late, trying to expedite the timetable. I gather you must have run into something really disturbing at that power plant to get the politicos so riled up."

Archer lets the 'mayor' greet his crew, first. He brings up the rear and waves. "Hi, Tara. How's the place doing?"

Archer nods. "You could say that, yes. A body that wasn't a body and a semi-active AI kernel."

Strang smirks. "Believe it or not, we're up to speed. Good to see you've still got your space legs. The quaddies would have a fit if you didn't."

Archer snorts. "I get along with the quaddies. They've got the right ideas about gravity."

Strang raises both eyebrows this time. "I'll have to have a chat with your Oi Vey about that later. If it's anything like the rogue code we found in the cores when we got here... well, that would be an interesting coincidence, wouldn't it?"

Leandra will bow to Strang, though for now she remains quiet, her mind drifting through various scenarios and solutions. Whatever it is she is thinking of, it doesn't disturb her placid expression.

Archer says, "Interesting, yes, and I suspect hardly a coincidence. It all happened at once back then. I'd be surprised if it _wasn't_ the same AI getting into every computer it could find."

"Well. We can have this dicussion in more comfortable surroundings," she states. "Follow me. We can take the lift up the City. I'm sure that you'd like to see some more open spaces after six weeks."

Archer mutters something about liking it better if the station wasn't spinning, but not very loudly.

Jiro chuckles, hearing snatches of the pilot's commentary. "Your bones, blood vessels, and DNA disagree with your opinion," he says.

The inside of the gate looks like a long, narrow city. Holographics give the illusion of a blue, natural sky above. A single broad avenue is built along the three-kilometer circumference of the gate, dividing the city into two rows of blocks. Most blocks are forty meters long and deep, on either side of the road, and are seperated by alleys or minor streets. An electric tram runs down the middle of the street. A few people ride electric scooters or small cars. Vegetation is suprisingly common - most buildings have yards containing several large trees, and several blocks within sight are entirely parkland. The smell of fresh plants masks the smell of machinery typical on smaller spacecraft.

Strang leads the way out of the lift and smiles broadly. "I love it here. I was part of the first crew to reach the Gate after the Aurora Project got started. I've been here eight years. I remember when we first got the holographic sky working. On that day... this place became home."

Leandra smiles widely at this and just breathes for some time. "This is how it ought to be," she murmurs. "There's life here, you can smell it and see it. It reminds me so much of home. Surely the hand of Coulam is strong in this! There is no greater joy for my people than to see life brought to dark, dead places."

Strang suddenly frowns, and shudders. "You don't know the half of it. Come. I will take you to the Embassy building."

Leandra seems confused by the darkening expression of Strang, but will not let it long disturb her, here where she is surrounded by so many 'children' of Coulam. Under her breath, she names each tree, the species of grass, often with the names of those whose work helped prepare them for this place, for the work is well known to Coulam botanists and geneticists.

Archer follows along. "Problems?"

Tara leads you to a tram stop. An indicator on your personal displays indicates that she's summoned a car already; it arrives a moment later, making barely any noise. The interior is similar to many other forms of public transportation, although markedly cleaner.

Tara sighs. "When we got here... well... to say that this place was dark and dead... I could imagine no place that fit the description better."

Tara folds a bench down from the wall and sits with her arms and legs crossed. "In space, even a place as big as this is dependant on automation. You can breathe for weeks on the air trapped inside. Most of the people aboard, when the computers went down, were able to evacuate to Ayer. Most of them."

"But surely that was expected," Leandra says softly and sadly. "For those left behind, there was no escape, I imagine. I can only hope they passed without pain."

She pauses a moment, clearly upset by the memory. "Some might have stayed by choice. Some... some people with heavy nano-augmentation... you can imagine what happened. We found over a hundred corpses. Some asphyxiated; some were trapped in areas that went into lockdown. Some literally had their metabolisms crash."

"But the Embassy was the strangest of all. In the Republic, many embassy staff were clinically immortal. Have you ever wondered why there are none on Ayer today?"

Archer says, "I assumed it was due to the same problem - nanites going mad and shutting them down. No?"

The tram whirrs on in silence. She sits composing her thoughts as alternating vistas of chrome and vegetation slide by.

"We have done much research on this," says Leandra. "But we are uncertain just what happened. There are many who say that they perished or were slain after the disaster. Some even say that it was this immortality that brought on the wrath of universe and struck down our former civilization."

Archer snorts. "Aye, and some folks will believe almost any fool thing. I doubt that the Universe cares much."

Tara merely shrugs. "Some did die that way. Some others did not. They remained here. We found a few, still seated at workstations in the embassy. Dead... but undecayed. As if they'd died an hour ago."

Archer grunts. "Now, that's strange. Nanites still partially working? Maintaining the body even after it had died?"

Tara continues, "Perhaps nanites, perhaps genetic modifications. It's clear that they chose to remain, some of them held on for years. It's unclear what they hoped to accomplish. Many attempts were made to contact the Shining One, or other nearby worlds. We don't know what they found. The computer cores were full of garbage, and there wasn't much paper aboard."

"Each of us brought death into space with us," says Jiro, sounding calm and composed. "I am a soldier. Archer prefers an environment where death is a small accident or oversight away. As a surgeon, Leandra bears the responsibility for those on her table; when a craft Oi's written automation for must fly, he carries the weight of the lives aboard. There must have been those who didn't mind it so much, if they could trade life for something more important to them."

Archer nods. "But what?"

"I imagine that many are going to rush in to discover what made them immortal, forgetting so easily the events of the past." Leandra, oddly enough, sounds remarkably uninterested in the pursuit of this particular discovery. She wonders, though, why immortals would stay here. "If they stayed behind, it was a noble thing. A pity that we likely cannot know what they did in the last years of their lives. Unless..." She lapses into silence, but it's clear that something important has occured to her.

Tara taps at the touchpad on her sleeve. The tram slows and the doors open. "We were ready for the killer robots, the broken machines, the total lack of lights, the dusty ruins of the gardens... and working in microgravity in a structure this big is no picnic either. We were ready for all that. I guess the thing that I wasn't ready for, was these old spacers, the people that held the Republic together... it must have been like the whole world fell apart."

Tara stands and looks expectantly at Leandra. "You have an idea?"

"Indeed, I do," says Leandra. "What is a thought but an electrochemical event in the brain? What is a memory but a certain mapping of chemicals and cell structures? You said they were perfectly preserved, did you not?"

Tara looks incredulous. "No signs of decay... are you proposing to read their minds? You can do that?"

"Can I?" Leandra smiles sadly and shakes her head. "No, but I do not think of just myself or my generation, nor even of the next. If they are perfectly preserved, we should maintain them, so that one day we will know the truth. Only these immortals can ever give us that."

Archer looks at Leandra. "If they are _that_ perfectly preserved. I wouldn't count on it."

Tara seems genuinely impressed. "It's true what they say, then, about Coulam planning for the long term. Perhaps you have a point. Their remains are in a refrigerated vault. I'll send a message to your people to discuss their preservation."

"You have little faith, Archer," says Leandra. "Do not be so cynical. Providence has given us a potential route to the truth. Would you so hastily discount it because it may turn out to gain us nothing? We must think of the future, for the ironic history of humanity has shown that as time passes we gain the ability to look back with far more clarity, provided we do not destroy the 'crime scene', as it were."

Archer nods. "True... later archeologists never really forgave Dr. Carter for his work on Tutankhamen's tomb. I was just wondering if the preservation could possibly be good all the way to the molecular level."

"Science is about answering questions like that. I say let the scientists try," opines Jiro.

"I do not know," says Leandra. "But we can only hope and wait. In time, I know, someone will find out how to do memory recomposition and will then find out for us." The Coulam smiles widely, "After all, the impossible is what we exist for, is it not? I have a feeling before we are finished, Archer, you are going to do things that I right now would know are impossible."

The tram has stopped in front of a building that resembles an ancient ziggurat carved out of pure onyx. It's unclear which parts are windows and which parts are walls. The gardens around the building are perfectly manicured. A fountain on one side of the path throws a stream of water into the air; in the rotational gravity, it falls in an arc into a pool on the other side of the path. "This is the Embassy," Tara announces. "Our administrative offices are here."

The front doors of the embassy are massive. They appear to be made of solid stone and are half a meter thick, yet they swing open easily and noiselessly as you approach. While the interior appears to also be solid stone, the floor incongruously muffles your footsteps. The chamber inside is illuminated by indirect lighting that glints off of grey and black marble columns. A few small groups of people are gathered inside; some others in shipsuits walk down the corridors, tapping on datapads.

Tara leads the way down the hall and through a few turns. Her office isn't done in the same style as the rest of the building; there are several throw rugs on the floor, and a battered sofa. Low tables and shelves line the walls, covered in gadgets, piles of papers, and data discs. The desk is a simple metal-covered slab with a chair.

Oi looks around and gives a long, low whistle. "I thought I knew your name. You played the Great Game on Ayer, didncha? Must have been, twenty years ago."

Tara chuckles. "That was a long time ago for me, Oi Vey. I know what you're going to ask. And I'll tell you right now. The answer is, 'I grew up.'"

The mention of the Great Game earns a disapproving frown from Leandra. She manages to hold her tongue, though. Mostly because she's already considering the various paper's she's read concerning memory recomposition and thought tracing and discussing in her mind new approaches. She'll have to submit her conclusions when she prepares a report for Coulam.

Oi looks miffed and hurt. "Such a waste of a good player. Oh, well. I guess we can't spend all our lives in Never-Never Land. Even ol' Beazel got himself a steady job."

Tara frowns. "We didn't come to the Embassy by accident. I think you'll want to hear about this place, more than about my less-sordid-than-you-want-to-believe past." She taps keys on an archaic, mechanical keyboard on her desk. The lights dim; holograms project from the cieling.

In the projection, the Embassy building appears as an outline; the rest of the Stargate takes form around it. A network of bright red and orange lines criss-crosses the giant space station, and a wide yellow band runs the circumference. One thing in the diagram is clear - the Embassy is the nerve center of the structure.

Tara explains. "Nobody has a clear idea how a Stargate functions. We know that there are essentially two components involved - a gigantic fusion reactor torus, which is over half the volume of the station. That torus" - she points to the yellow ring - " runs under the very street of the City."

Archer nods. "Big one. No surprise there."

She gestures at the network of red and orange lines. "The other component, is a giant computer and sensor network. The sensors monitor the magnetic field around the reactor, and also minute changes in the energies at the center of the Gate ring. The specific algorithm run by the computers is impossibly complex to describe, but there's a lot of fine tuning done to the field, based on the measurements of the sensors. What the tuning is supposed to accomplish is unknown. It's a vast neural network, but it's unclear how or even if it's been trained."

Oi pipes up. "That's why it's taken so long to re-activate the gates. There's no 'gate program' per se, like you get a word processor or a program that reads your mail. We sort of had to reverse-engineer the neural net from the smashed cores."

Tara nods. "And so... the Embassy, being the nerve center of the whole operation, was the most important building to recover. It's like a space station unto itself. The Embassy can be sealed and the rest of the Gate can be blown to scrap around it; this building would still be here."

"Is that software arrangement a design feature, or simply an engineering choice, I wonder?" asks Jiro. "It seems that you can't really ever predict what goes through a brain. Disturbing to consider that it might have been necessary to make it work that way."

"Perhaps the neural net is still learning even now," says Leandra. "I just hope it has learned well. For our sake." She seems untroubled, though. "I trust that this is the moment. Somehow I feel this is just right. It is time for humans to awaken once more. It's a privilege to have this chance." She considers Archer, Jiro, and finally Oi. "We're meant for this, somehow. And whatever you say, Archer, I think it is the universe that is giving us this opportunity."

Archer just grins. "Could be. I'll believe it when I see it, though. The whole Gate problem might be too complex for a rote program, though... wouldn't surprise me."

Tara Strang smiles. "We do have one more test coming up. While you were in transit out this way, we sent another unmanned probe, and a shuttle full of lab mice. No particular problems so far. The last test before we send you to Crossroads, is to send a human pilot in a shuttle out a few million kilometers. One of Q'in's relatives volunteered. And threatened to kneecap anyone else who tried to take the priviledge from him."

Archer chuckles. "The quaddies don't even -have- kneecaps."

Tara nods. "Yes. Well, I hear that Belters from his family use the old tradition of arm-wrestling to settle things. I think kneecapping is reserved for the 'manually challenged'.

Tara continues, "In any event, he makes a test jump tomorrow. The gate control center is across the street; I'm sure you'll want to be present."

"In the interim," asks Jiro, "can we be of service to you?"

Tara waves a hand over her desk and the hologram changes. Several complex knots of tunnels and conduits are highlighted in green on the projection of the Gate station. "These are areas we haven't explored in detail yet. If you want to get a feeling for what it will be like on the other Gate, you can try those out and see what's there. We've sent drones; we know there's nothing alive. Otherwise..." She shrugs. "It's a big volume. It's hard to cover it all, even in eight years."

Tara looks at Jiro. "I was told you brought some particular equipment for dealing with these situations?"

Jiro spreads his hands, palm out. "We're well-heeled," he admits. "I suppose we shouldn't let time go to waste. There's plenty of time to rest and relax by ourselves later, gravity or not."

Leandra leaves Jiro to speak in this regard. Her own abilities are more bent at other things. Still, she wonders if Tara knows of her complete capabilities. She idly wonders if her shipmates really know. Then again, she has to admit to herself that she isn't entirely certain of her own limits just yet. This makes her laugh softly at herself.

Archer says, "Might as well. The doctor's wanting us to get some exercise, so a dry run gets two things out of the way at once. Efficient."

Tara nods. "Excellent. I was hoping you'd be up for that. I'd like to wait until after Sammy makes his jump tomorrow. Until then, I've told the Gate's security systems to recognize you as guests. You can get rooms in the dormitories down the street if you don't want to sleep on your ship."

---

  

The following day, Team Aurora is gathered in Jump Control. The room is the classic 'Mission Control' arrangement. Three rows of consoles are arrayed in front of a wall full of giant holographic displays. Some show views from cameras on sattelites around the Gate; some show the status of the reactor; the main one shows a docking bay on the inner ring. A Walkabout-class shuttle similar to the ones on the Aurora, rests in the middle of the launch bay. Technicians mill around, checking and double-checking the shuttle.

Leandra looks at the mess of people and grins. "This place can be very alive, indeed," she muses. She is curious about this event. It will go well, of course. This she is as sure of as if it were a memory and not an event that has not yet transpired.

You sit next to Tara Strang at a VIP console at the rear of the control room. The jump controller runs through the checklist. His monitor shows the ready room where the spacer called Sammy is suiting up. The quaddie is wearing a strange pair of shoes and moves with an odd but effective gait in the simulated gravity. He slips into an armored spacesuit and marches to the shuttle; the chatter of flight controllers and technicians is a constant hum in the background.

Jiro is content to wait patiently and quietly, observing the proceedings. He's cognizant of the risk the team is going to undertake; being aware of the procedure involved in a jump is surely the most sensible precaution one can take, and so his alert eyes study every aspect of the proceedings.

Archer nods quietly as the screens flicker and change, showing status on various systems as the shuttle and the Gate prepare for the jump. Everything seems fine.

Tara loosens the band holding her hair in place and grimaces. "You're awfully calm, Leandra. This doesn't look so much like being alive, as keeping chaos pointed in the right direction."

"What else is life?" says Leandra. "For what other force but life can draw chaos itself into the perfection of a single, green leaf?" The Coulam smiles widely, "Life is far easier when you accept that you cannot see the pattern of the universe, but know that it is there nonetheless."

On the display, Sammy steps through an airlock and into the launch bay. He crosses the room in an odd, ambling gait, literally walking on his hands, and enters the shuttle. Another display shows the interior of the Walkabout and monitors the telemetry. A new window snaps open with Sammy's heart rate, EEG, skin temperature, and a half a dozen other bits of biological trivia.

Archer just shakes his head behind Leandra. _Mysticism. We can't see the pattern.... **yet.**_

Tara tries to shrug politely, clearly nervous, but also trying to stick to her responsibilities.

The jump controller runs his hand through his hair, and takes a roll call of the various members of his crew. Giant pumps in several parts of the station feed fusile gasses from the tanks into the torus; powerful magnetic fields constrict the plasma to a narrow band inside the reactor; outside, two dozen sattelites, loaded with sensors, maneuver into place to scan the area for anomolies in gravity, electromagnetism, and other, more exotic phenomena.

Sammy's voice crackles over the intercom. "This is Walkabout 7298, we are on the pad and prepped for launch." He pauses. "As if you didn't know. I'm the only thing in the air today, right?"

The controller snorts. "Stick to the agenda, hotshot. Cleared to undock at your discretion. Gate reactor standing by. Jump window in 1000 seconds... mark."

A shutter opens in the roof of the launch bay, and a short, noiseless burst from the shuttle's thrusters lifts it from its moorings. On another display, you see the small craft exit the hangar and drift towards the center of the Gate torus. "Jump control, 7298. We have cleared moorings, eta to position, six minutes."

Jiro closes his eyes, clasping his hands together. In _sotto voce_ he begins chanting, whispering a prayer to the Aeons for a safe journey. "May this passage bring the light, may this passage hearten the soul, may we return to the realm of light by your blessing."

Six minutes later, the shuttle is in position, a bare sliver of metal in the center of the giant ring. The indicators on the hologram monitoring the reactor have intensified to a bright yellow. Sammy's voice echos through the control room. "Jump control, 7298 is in position, request transfer of control."

Leandra's voice is confident and calm when she speaks to Sammy. To her it's always a matter of letting fate be itself and not worrying over it too much. Her words are simple, "Q'in Gata Sammy, thank you for opening this way. Yours is not the first step into the wider universe, but it will be long remembered as one of the most important and most courageous. God speed and know that every soul and mind is with you now."

A short bark of laughter comes back over the communicator. "I see I have a distinguished audience. I'm not a man for words, Miss Coulam. So I'll just say thanks." He pauses. "Ready to go here, control. Can I have the button now?"

Leandra laughs softly and says, "In that case, Sammy, I believe I have heard others say 'give her hell', in such a situation."

The jump controller looks back at Tara, who nods once, slowly. He turns back to his console and taps a single command. "Walkabout 7298, trajectory set for Test Point Gamma, cleared for gate jump within 400 seconds. Go at your discretion."

Archer chuckles in the background.

Archer returns his attentions to the readouts, watching the screens flicker and change as the Gate comes up to full power.

Levity from the Coulam woman breaks the tension. It's like the whole room exhales. Sammy chuckles. "Thank you, control." The pause of barely a moment. "And we're off."

A hum permeates the station, and every single meter on the reactor monitor hits a spike. One moment, Sammy's shuttle is there... the next, it's gone; and the reactor monitors fall off as if a switch was thrown. The jump controller polls his crew; every station reports normal readings both before and after the jump.

"The Aeon is awake," murmurs Jiro. "Now we will see if God approves of it."

Tara Strang just nods. "We'll know in a moment. He should be thirty light-seconds out. We should see his beacon almost immediately."

Archer grunts something unintelligible as the ship vanishes, then watches the countdown until contact should be re-established. _Thirty seconds until he can get a signal back to the Gate. Sixty until radar can touch him if he can't talk to us._ "God had _better_ approve of it. I don't think we're planning on giving him a choice in the matter."

Archer barely finishes speaking, when the computer announces a sensor return - a vast amount of neutrino emissions, 10 million kilometers away, in the direction of Point Gamma. A moment later, a controller shouts: "Contact! We've got his beacon!" And Sammy's image snaps into focus on the main projector.

Jiro lets out a sigh of relief with the news. "We lost God's mandate a century ago, when the region of light was lost," he says, looking up. "Our access to it relies on his timetable, not ours. Fortunately it seems they are in agreement."

Leandra laughs as Sammy's face fills the projection. It's clear that this has tickled the Coulam's humor, somehow. "What took you so long?" she says simply.

The spacer whoops and laughs loudly, his chortling distorted by the bandwidth of the communicator. "Lawdy, I was born and raise in that briar patch! Control, I know you won't hear this for half a minute, but we made it! Major Tom is coming home!"

A cheer rips through the control room, and through the streets outside. There's little more to be said. Sammy could fly a shuttle home one-eyed, drunk, and with three arms tied behind his back. The spacer spins his craft in place and begins a long burn that will bring him home in about a day's time. He settles back in the control couch with his hands folded behind his head, whistling tunelessly and chortling, while he steers with his feet.

Archer chuckles at Leandra's comment. "Blame Einstein."

A minute later, Sammy replies to Leandra. "Sorry, where are my manners? I'm sorry to keep the lady waiting! I'll stop by and apologize in person when I get back."

Leandra laughs and shakes her head, "I don't blame anyone. I'm happy that all went as it should have." Still, she will not cheer as the others do, though she hardly disapproves of the outburst. "It is good to see such hope return. For too long we have lacked that fire in our eyes. That is what we are truly about here. We are not on a mission to rediscover old places, but to rediscover the greatness we've been given." She turns her mind back to Sammy and grins, "I will count the moments until you arrive."

Jiro adds nothing, but has a momentary burst of realization. He is not a spacer, but he feels what it must be like, for a moment, to work with such distances. _He's in our past. We're in his past. Slowly our times will converge as we draw closer. This is what is really meant by the region of light.. The area in which things travel faster than it._

Archer moves over toward Leandra under cover of the celebration and murmurs quietly to her. "Something you should know - I felt it when he went through the Gate. Massive, if momentary, disorientation. You'd best be prepared to take the controls when we go through, just in case it affects me then."

Leandra turns to Archer and nods. "If you have a moment, perhaps I should examine you on the Aurora?" she suggests quietly. She knows enough to keep such things very quiet. She doesn't want a slip to mess with the mission at this point.

Oi strolls in through the front door, having rushed across the street from the computer room in the Embassy. "Heeeey!", he shouts to the other members of the team. "Hey! Guess this means we're going to be astronauts, huh?" He's struggling with a corkscrew and a bottle of champagne he got from somewhere.

Archer nods. "If you want. It felt more like one of my hunches than a physical problem, but it wouldn't hurt."