It's late afternoon at Icereach. The action seems to have died down, but the team is hardly relaxing. Archer works on restoring the second VTOL, in case it is needed in a getaway. Oi Vey monitors the computer systems inside the power station, now mostly deactivated. Leandra attends the mysterious metallic sleeper in a makeshift operatory set up in an empty hangar.

Jiro waits quietly in the back of the VTOL hanger, where his telepresence gear projects the image of a virtual conference room, where the leaders of Ayer are gathering to discuss the team's findings.

The conference screen is divided into six sections, each showing the video of a leader of a significant faction on Ayer... and all six are part of organizations sponsoring the Aurora Project.

The first of these is MacArthur, Aurora mission director, of the Space Agency of Ayer. He runs a hand through his close-cropped iron-grey hair and sighs, knowing that no matter the mission turns out, his is the difficult task of foreesing the risks, both political and real.

Next is Anders, head of the Terraforming Bureau. Since one of the mission goals is to secure maintainence technology for the atmosphere processors, his agency has put a lot of support behind Aurora. He looks ill at ease and edgy, with drawn features under a receding hairline and a crooked necktie.

The third window is occupied by Jackson, the liason between the Space Agency and the governments of Ayer. His smooth, aboriginal features show no disquiet; he busies himself with analyzing the team's data and trying to raise the authorities in the two other Australite city-states sponsoring the project.

The next window shows a man with curious features - strangely large eyes, a mane of thick black hair; the skin of a very young man on the frame of a quite mature one. He wears a loose grey robe, open to his waist, exposing well-defined muscles and not a hint of body hair. He's sitting at a massive desk that looks like it's made out of real wood. The desk is covered in more anachronisms - papers, books, and manila folders. The tag in the corner of the window introduces him as 'Vedus Greyrobe' of Coulam.

In contrast, the fifth participant has short, dark hair and features best described as 'craggy'. His almond-shaped eyes seem to look through the screen and into each of the others in turn. He's wearing a high-collared black uniform with silver piping and subdued white rank insignia on his shoulders. The window tag indicates that he is Colonel Alix Takeda of the City of the Exiles.

The final participant is an Australite. He wears a simple jumpsuit and an impatient expression. His window is titled 'Griggs Barberton, Domwun Municipal Services Division'. As the closest thing to the mayor of a city at least part-time anarchists, Barberton has a reputation on the one hand for being an excellent juggler of resources and personnel, and on the other for having little patience complications.

MacArthur clears his throat. "As you all know, we weren't expecting the Icereach reconnaisance to be so... eventful."

Anders scowls. "What they've discovered is dangerous. If that... machine... has a trace of the virus that infected our grid a hundred years ago, everything we've worked to rebuild could be destroyed in a day!"

Jiro smiles calmly and reassuringly. "Eventful outcomes are what this team was assembled for, sir, as I recall. The situation is stable for now. We're taking every possible precaution."

Colonel Takeda gives a curt nod to Jiro. "Indeed. We understand the situation is contained, Captain. But can you give us any more indication on what it is you think you've found?"

Archer listens in as he works; he's monitoring the reprogramming of the old shuttle and checking its mechanical integrity.

Leandra will make her report in a rather matter-of-fact way. "While I have not finished my analysis at this point, I will say what I do know. Firstly, there is a living being inside this shell, which explains some of the transmissions we received. The body has been infested with nanites. This is beyond our current capabilities, but I am learning from it nonetheless. They are disorganized, which may or may not be due to the removal process, which was rushed. Analysis also reveals that the shell is made of many materials, both metallic and otherwise. There is evidence of superconductors as both raditors and power sources."

Leandra goes on in much the same way, "What I would like to do next is complete my analysis and determine if is it possible to re-establish communication with the one suspended inside. This communication might reveal just what happened here. In any case, we can be sure that some advanced technology is now in our hands and we must be prepared to handle it with wisdom and patience." And that's all she has to say.

Barberton shifts in his chair. "Mister Anders... whatever this being is, it's an example of a technology several steps ahead of our current capabilities on Ayer. I think it would be a terrible waste to discard an opportunity to learn from this example. There may be a risk here, but there is also an opportunity."

The Coulamite man interjects. "Whatever this being is... it, or he, is more than an artifact. This could well be the man Halunen, presumed dead a hundred years ago."

Jackson raises an eyebrow, and begins tapping on a datapad.

"Speculation at this point is all we have, gentlemen," offers Jiro, composedly. "Mr. Anders, I'd like to offer some reassurance as to your very valid concerns about safety. Nobody is more conscious of the risk than we, who are on-site. Therefore I would like to propose that we continue working _in situ_ and that an advisory group be put in contact with us. We'll relay our findings, and we can carry out tests, but as we are present, we need final authority. You can review our physical and electronic security arrangements at your discretion. Sending anyone else, or moving this artifact before we have further data, is hasty."

Anders exhales. "Captain Uzuki, a rampant AI doesn't need physical proximity to a computer system to become a serious hazard."

MacArthur scowls at Anders, and Oi speaks up. "Umm... actually, sir, I think this is a 'post-rampant' AI. In other words, a rampant AI that crashed. I'm seeing signs that the rampancy was broken shortly before that explosion. that opened the tunnel at the bottom of the drill shaft."

Anders looks confused. "A post-... what?"

"Mr. Anders, clearly any action at this point is premature," says Jiro, sounding a tad more frank. "Gentlemen, can I request that this meeting be delayed until a more conclusive scientific analysis can be completed? We can provide you with more details on our progress, and proceed from there."

Jackson speaks up. "Captain... I have some information that may help your investigation."

He taps his pad, and the projection enlarges to show a set of records.

Jackson says, "This is the immigration record of Galil Halunen. He came to Ayer 115 years ago, from New Queensland. He had extensive nanotech modifications to his body. Of course, we don't have the original programming. But it does seem that he had a considerable amount of computing power on - or rather, in - his person."

Greyrobe, the Coulamite, speaks up again. "We have facilities at Coulam that might be useful. Isolation chambers that are impregnable to the best known nanotechnologies. Genetic records. Leandra knows this." He grins. "She helped us to build much of it."

"Leandra," asks Jiro, via the link. "What is the feasibility of extracting genetic data at this time, for verification of this hypothesis?"

Archer interjects. "Collins, here. Do we have any other record of anyone with internal nanotechnology and its reaction to the Crash?"

Jackson nods. "I'm searching for such now, Mr. Collins... although I recall that most of the people in-system who had such technology were Embassy personnel, on the Stargate."

"I can take a sample, but it will be a matter of much care," says Leandra. "I must be cautious, else I might harm the one who rests inside." She frowns thoughtfully as she muses over the strange form in front of her, "It will be done."

MacArthur nods. "That would make sense. But we didn't find any trace of them when we boarded the Gate... of course, we're not sure that we found the Embassy yet. We've only set foot in half the volume."

"Alright. Mr. Greyrobe, please begin making your arrangements. You or your staff will coordinate with me for a safe rendezvous if necessary; I'd prefer to get a data transfer of your records first, if we can avoid contact for now." Jiro clears his throat. "We'll be proceeding now."

Jackson transmits a summary to Archer. "It seems that lower-grade nanotechnology - such as what we can produce here on Ayer - survived the crash, or degraded in a non-fatal way. For example, dental nanites won't kill the host. It's possible Halunen is the only example of high nanotech on the planet."

MacArthur takes the cue from Jiro, and the hint of a smile creeps onto Takeda's face. "Very well, Captain. We'll be in touch." He cuts the link before anyone can argue.

Archer says, "That's a very interesting tidbit of information. Was the Crash simultaneous with the tunnel collapse, I wonder? If he was lost before the Crash, this may be an interaction of the AI with a protective function."

Oi scratches his chin. "Well... it's hard to pinpoint the precise moment of the Crash... but what you're saying is possible." He grinds a wild grin. "I'm gonna find out!"

Archer says, "You do that. I'll look through the records we've got."

"Incredible," murmurs Leandra. "This is Halunen. I have also found out that the nanites become inactive if drawn out of the shell. This may cause a problem if it is necessary to free Halunen from this cage. It may prove beyond our skill to achieve such a seperation."

An hour later, the incoming call indicator flashes. It's MacArthur; the other dignitaries seem to have withdrawn for the moment.

MacArthur has fended off the other leaders for now, and has negotiated an agreement that divides the task along the same lines as the Aurora Team itself. Coulam will provide scientific and medical care for Halunen, and will send an isolation module to transfer him to their hospital. The Exiles will send a squad of troops to secure Icereach, in case any hostile machines remain; Australites from the Space Agency will fly up immediately after with equipment to repair the steam lines and restart the generators.

"It's really up to you. This is probably how they're going to want it to go when this is over, anyway; so I guess you four get to decide when you're ready to hand it off. For my part, I'm happy enough to let you run this your way, but I can't let you risk yourselves excessively."

Archer says, "We're not planning to take any unnecessary risks, sir. But as long as we're already exposed to anything that's here, we might as well look into it as far as we can. Mr. Anders was right about not risking contact with the rest of the computer grid until we're sure the AI is post-rampant."

Jiro nods soberly. "At this point, Oi is monitoring and Leandra is analyzing. If either of them say to evacuate, we'll do so. Barring that, I'd like it if we could meet our support tomorrow, at whatever arrival time they can coordinate. We'll be okay until then."

MacArthur nods to Archer. "Yes, and I hate it when he's right."

Archer chuckles. "I'm sure it was only by accident. Even a stopped clock is right once a day."

MacArthur says, "I'll send you their itinerary when it's available. Your friends at the City of Exile are getting prepped. They've got to fly halfway around the world and will probably land at Coulam before heading for Icereach."

"If we go to Coulam, you need not fear for the computer grid," Leandra explains. "Our people are concerned about safety and so those units that do communicate outside have no connection to our internal systems. When needed, information is transmitted by hand." Another Coulam anachronism, it would seem.

MacArthur nods again. "Ah, yes. And that would explain why your city survived intact while we were without lights for six months." He pauses. "If you're willing to assume the risk, and I suppose you are, then use the isolation unit we're sending to take Halunen to Coulam. We'll be in touch once you're there."

"Can we do anything about the temperature?" asks Leandra. "This isn't optimal and I don't know just what range of climes our passenger can handle. I don't want him getting ill because we are careless. I'd like to find a way to heat this building. Can anything be done?"

Archer says, "Not without starting a generator, I don't think. The shuttle doesn't have all that much battery power, and I don't think we should be burning the fuel for heat."

Oi smirks. "No heavy parkas in Coulam?" And then more serious. "We could just try piling some blankets on him. Wool's unlikely to get infested."

Oi taps away at the keyboard. "There's all the bedsheets and stuff that were in the bunkhouses inside."

"Ahh, of course," says Leandra. "Could someone please go fetch one of the sleeping units? In there he would be quite safe, I think. We will need some rest anyway, before tomorrow, and keeping him there just seems the wisest course of action."

In the gathering dusk, the blockhouse is quiet and lonely. Dust clouds swirl around old machinery as the team drags a few bunk modules from inside to the hangar where Leandra keeps vigil over her patient. The metallic form that's presumed to be Galil Halunen is placed inside, covered by his own parka.

The night passes uneventfully. There's no native wildlife on Ayer, so the only noises in the night are the sounds of the wind and the water rushing through the valley.

A bit before Midnight, Oi stands up, with a notebook covered in pencil scrawls. "It was hard to track down... but Halunen and the base were... infected, I guess... by some kind of virus almost simultaneously. At the same time, one of the mining drones went nuts. He went down the shaft to check it out... and it exploded." He frowns. "That explains the collapsed shaft. But it doesn't explain why he's turned into the Tin Woodsman."

Archer says, "I presume the nanotech load he had inside him was supposed to be protective, though. Maybe the rampancy boosted that function and it did something to keep him alive."

At the end of the short night, the relief team arrives. Just after sunrise, the whine of a VTOL's engines are audible to the south. A few minutes later the aircraft become visible - a pair of airborne transports, twice as big as the shuttle that brought Team Aurora to Icereach. They are painted a plain grey color and have the cruciform sword logo of the Armed Forces of the City of Exile on the sides and the belly plating.

The shuttles approach, circle once, and land in the middle of the paved landing pad, crushing a few empty crates under heavy hydraulic landing skids. Almost as soon as the shuttles land, the rear hatch of the lead vessel drop open, and a dozen men carrying carbine-style weapons, wearing uniforms and armor similar to Jiro's, rush out and take up stations at the perimeter of the landing field. The second shuttle remains buttoned up, but the team's communication displays shows that the shuttle contains active transponders from a dozen technicians and several utility robots.

Two more soldiers stroll at a casual pace towards the Aurora Team's hanger; one wears a visor instead of a helmet, and has a pistol in a hip holster instead of a longarm.

Jiro comes out of the hangar, unarmed, and salutes crisply. "Jiro Uzuki, your liaison," he announces, voice crackly through the moderation of his breathing gear. "Come with me."

The officer and his escort nod, and follow Jiro. They stop for a moment at the entrance the hanger. The office squawks, "It hasn't spread? The nanites, I mean."

"Not according to our best information. Our medtech and systems man both say we're clean," responds Jiro. "If you have better gear, I'd appreciate a more thorough sweep before we proceed."

Meanwhile, the technicians, in khaki-colored generic uniforms common among Domwun technicians, are unloading gear from the shuttles. The droids remain aboard in lockdown. A pair of technicians wheel over a pallet containing an odd-looking stretcher bearing a coffin-like capsule.

The young lieutenant shakes his head. "You've got as good as we have, sir, and you've been here longer." He points to the stretcher. "That's the isolation module, sent up from Coulam. I was told you'd be evacuating your... patient."

Archer says, "That's the plan, lieutenant. So far it's been quiescent, and Coulam has the best isolation gear on the planet."

Jiro nods and turns, gesturing two fingers forward in silent direction to the technicians. "This way." And so he leads off toward the zone of containment.

Leandra has slept only a little, continuing her monitoring. She has been more concerned about keeping her patient warm and healthy than finding out more. The arrival of the military forces outside is heard, but she will wait for Jiro to tell her it is time to move.

The two technicians stop and stare for a moment at the metallic form. Clearly they know what they're dealing with. If they weren't wearing respirators, you'd swear they were gaping; as it is, their sharp intake of breath rasps loudly in the isolation of the hangar.

It takes but a minute to manhandle Halunen into the isolation pod. The gurney is trapped down in the back of the VTOL, and some of the technicians assist in towing the aircraft out onto the pad for your departure.

Oi pauses a moment to hand discs with the team's sensor logs to the leaders of the Exile and Australite detachments, then rushes about the shuttle the team arrived in as Archer lights the engines.

Archer chats briefly to the other pilots as he preps for takeoff. "The old ship's computer is rebooted and back up to speed. It needs POL and fuel, and it's ready as an emergency backup. Good luck."

The flight down from the mountains is easier than the flight up. With the wind at your back and cold, clear weather, the shuttle departs Icereach and heads for Coulam. In just over two hours, Coulam's dome becomes visible on the horizon, glinting in the sunlight like a frozen lake.

From the air, Coulam looks similar to many other domed citys of Ayer - a paraquartz dome held up by a titanium frame, arcing from one side of a shallow crater to another. A river enters the city on the northeast, and exits the city to drain into the ocean on the west side. Forest surrounds the city in several directions, showing dozens of species of tree, some reaching nearly a hundred feet in the air.

Once again, Archer lands the VTOL in the bare airfield a dozen miles east of the city. An electric cab is waiting to take the team; an ambulance waits to transport the patient. Technicians in green environmental suits see to your aircraft, while paramedics bundle the metallic form of the Sleeper into the ambulance.

The ride to the city takes less than twenty minutes. An airlock admits the vehicles into a tunnel through the crater wall, which ends in a parking facility. A dozen other cabs, as well as larger cross-country ATV's, are parked here, but there is little time to inspect them. The Columaite paramedics are already unloading the Sleeper from the ambulance. The gurney whirrs quietly along on its own electric motors through a wide apeture at the far end of the room.

The hospital is built in traditional Australite style, with plastic and metal walls covered in sensors and displays. Even so, the Coulamite preference for open plan designs has had some influence. Many walls are floor-to-cieling transparent panels, some grayed for privacy, others left visible, mostly on empty rooms. There are few doors; sliding panels of frosted glass, or light curtains, seem to be the only covering on entryways. The few people in the lobby look up as the small mob of people surrounding the rolling stretcher troop past.

Finally, the procession stops in front of one room that seems to be an exception to the open plan design. Embedded in the wall is an airlock that bears more resembelance to the vault door on a nuclear reactor than the entrance an operator room. An noisy, bright array of warning sirens and lights squawks and flashes as the door swings back. The gurney rolls inside; the paramedics do not follow. The vaults swings closed again with a muted 'thud'.

Archer lets Leandra take the lead here on her home turf. "Where do we go next?"

"Well, I imagine you will want to enter the outer circle," says Leandra. "Which means we will have to be decontaminated. After that, I plan on finding out what I can look after our friend. I imagine you have heard many rumors of my people. Try not to stare, you will see many things here that are strange."

Archer nods. "After flying down here with Halumen, I think a decontamination is definitely in order. I won't stare if they don't."

The decontamination procedure isn't as ominous as it sounds. Everyone strips down to undergarments and is given a pair of goggles to protect their eyes. Then, one by one, each passes through a scanning booth, which detects most pathogens. The final step is an ultraviolet strobe that inactivates most parasitic micro-organisms.

Finally, you're led to a dormitory and given a bottle of a bitter-tasting liquid. You're instructed to drink the liquid, and then make yourselves comfortable for the next few hours. Since you've been on your feet and on the mission clock for over 24 hours, nobody has trouble falling asleep.

Leandra goes through decontamination with practiced ease. For her, this is like stepping through a door. She smiles as she finds that her people have given her proper dress to wear at the end of the procedure. Which is to say something far lighter. She waits with her companions in the waiting area, grinning widely and not seeming to mind just how bare she is. "I figure you might as well get used to seeing Coulam in their normal state of dress," she explains. And she likes the change, clearly.

Archer nods, perhaps less surprised than some of the others - after all, spacers routinely have to shuck clothing in public while suiting up. "Might as well. Are we going to be meeting with anyone while we're here, or just catching up on our sleep?"

For his part, Jiro is already falling prey to the clutches of Morpheus; if there's anything he might otherwise say on the topic, it's lost when he finally succumbs to sleep.

Oi, for his part, looks less happy to be prodded and scanned. He pulls a clean coverall from a locker and shimmies into it. "It's... jeez. I was warmer at Icereach." He crawls into a bunk and pulls a blanket around himself. Soon, fatigue takes its toll on him, and is snoring softly.

A few hours later, a soft alarm tone sounds at the door. A medical orderly in a white robe stands outside. "Greetings, guests... welcome home, Leandra... Greyrobe wishes to see you in the isolation ward. Will you follow me, please?"

He leads you back through the corridors of the hospital to a door around the corner from the isolation vault. He touches a panel and the door slides open.

The control booth surrounds the chamber on three sides, seperated from the isolated area by a triple-paned diamondoid wall over a tenth of a meter thick. The chamber is ten meters on a side; the sleeper sits on the gurney in the middle of the room. Dozens of waldos and scanner devices hang on robotic arms from the cieling, and are busily moving to scan the metallic form from hundreds of angles. The lighting in the isolation chamber is muted in contrast to the brighter lighting of the control room.

Already a bewildering assortment of scans, displays, and diagnostic readouts are scrolling across flatscreens and holographic projectors all over the room. The consoles are atteneded by Coulamite physicians, wearing light white robes marked with a red caduceus on each shoulder.

Vedus Greyrobe himself is seated at the control console for the isolation ward. He turns as you enter, a look of relief on his face,

Archer suppresses a yawn and looks around for a coffee-pot. "You wanted to see us, sir?"

Greyrobe smiles. "I wanted to meet the discoverers in person. I know Leandra, of course; and I know the rest of you from your biographies. But here... we prefer a personal assessment when dealing with people."

Jiro inclines his head and shoulders politely. "I hope you won't have to put us under such scrutiny to get it," he offers with a slow smile, gesturing at the displays that overwhelm the room.

Inside the chamber, Halunen's metallic form has been removed from the transport pod. Scanning beams pass over every inch of the form. "Such scrutiny is not generally in our nature. We reserve it for cases where less intrusive methods won't suffice." He gestures to Halunen. "Notice anything different?"

It's apparent after a few moments inspection, that the shell around Halunen is less lumpy today. There are fewer vanes and protruding wires. It looks more humanoid.

Archer says, "Hmm. Is that something you've done, or is it internally driven?"

Jiro thinks for a moment. "His removal from the superconductor," he concludes. "Do you have a chronology of the change?"

Greyrobe strokes his chin. "We're not sure what's driving it, to be honest. We're trying to reload the program in his nanites so that we can remove the invasive probes, perhaps seperate him from the shell. So we're unsure if this is our programming, or a reaction to it."

Oi is tapping at a datapad on his wrist, and frowns. "The workstations aren't networked... I can't see the data."

Greyrobe hands a disc to Oi, and another to Leandra. "We have fewer interconnections, especially here. I'm sure you understand why."

"I have a possible reason," says Leandra. "These nanites become inactive when removed from the shell. Perhaps the shell itself becomes inactive when removed from a stimulus. If that is the case, it would make sense for it to be deactivating right now."

Greyrobe turns a console to face Jiro, and presses a key. A time-lapse recording of Halunen plays back. The earliest timestamp is when he was locked inside the isolation vault; the latest just a few minutes ago. The progression seems to be continuous.

Archer says, "And if my guess about the nature of the change is correct, the nanites may be reverting to normal mode, having protected him through the mine collapse and subsequent deprivation."

"We suspect that might be true, Leandra," Greyrobe states. "If so, we may be able to revive him. It seems that there were multiple competing datasets in the nanoprobes... a split-personality, of sorts. This may be the original program re-asserting itself." He frowns. "Immigration records do not show his implants to be so obvious. I hope that we can get the rest of that stuff off of him."

Greyrobe sits at a workstation, and invites you to do the same. "I think you're partially right, Mr. Collins. But... I think there's more to it. Did I hear someone mention that you were able to talk to an entity through the Icereach network?"

"It's a pity we cannot learn more, but the health of the patient is the greatest concern. Is there any change in vitals?" Leandra asks.

Archer glances at Oi. "More like reading an SOS, I thought...?"

Greyrobe gestures at a holo, by way of response to Leandra. "See for yourself. He still has basically no vital signs. His metabolic rate is an unimaginable crawl."

Oi plays back the logs of the communication from Icereach. "Something wanted to get out. It sounded like it was desperate, or in pain. It's unclear, but it may have been several somethings wanting out. We asked it who it was, and we got... well, we got at least three signatures in response."

Greyrobe nods. "I see... well, all I have is speculation. The physicians have harder theories. It's possible that we can revive him, but it will take several months in the best case. We have to reverse-engineer the programming of his internal nanites, seperate him from his shell..." Greyrobe shakes his head. "It will be a monumental task. If Mr. Anders can get over his impulse to jump at shadows, it could take a team of terraforming programmers several weeks to decipher. And then there's the implementation."

Jiro listens and nods at last. "We'll see what we can do," he promises, gravely.

"But we have time," says Leandra softly. "His stasis is truly amazing. He could live forever like this, it would seem. At this deep a sleep I imagine he will have barely aged an hour since he first drifted off."

Greyrobe sits back in his chair. "I'm wondering if the four of you would join my in my grove later today. I would like to speak of your mission. Our other guest is going to be here for some time, and frankly, we can't rush this. I think we have time to ponder."

Archer barely suppresses a grin at Greyrobe's assessment of Anders. "We are at your disposal, sir, at least for now. We have no other pressing duties at the moment."

Greyrobe nods. "Excellent. I'll see you in a few hours; I'm sure Leandra can find my villa. Until then, I see that you've undergone decontamination, so feel free to explore our city." He smiles broadly, fine white teeth flashing. "Many people find the structure... unique."

The city is smaller than Domwun, but still gives the feeling of being larger and more spread-out. The exit lock from the dock hospital emerges onto a platform extending out from the crater wall. The paraquartz dome arcs overhead, showing the cloudless blue sky above. To the left and right, an elevated avenue stretches away along the crater, encircling the city. Where the river enters and leaves the city, the road passes over a pair of suspension bridges a hundred meters long. The floor of the crater is covered in parkland in a score of different biomes - forests, meadows, even something at the far end of the city resembeling a miniature mountain. The hum of machinery, omnipresent in most Australite cities, is here replaced by the distant rush of the river and the cries of birds in the trees below. In the center of the city, seperated by a low, hand-worked stone wall, is a collection of several odd-looking buildings that are four stories in height. A stairway leads down from the platform to a street that r

A stairway leads down from the platform to a street that runs radially towards the center of the city.

The stairway leads down to a single plaza of white stone. Arches span the space overhead, supporting a filmy fabric that dims the light from the dome. The architecture here is of the more familiar style of domed cities, and all four edges of the plaza are lined with entrances to the adjacent buildings. Holographics advertise the functions within; a hotel, a bank, several tea shops and general stores. One large storefront appears to be an apothecary; another says simply 'House of Enterprise'. There is a fountain running in the center of the plaza. Benches and tables are scattered throughout. There seem to be as many Australites as Coulamites seated here, some speaking to each other, some apparently lost in thought.

Leandra seems quite pleased to finally be home. And here, at least, she seems not at all out of place. "This is what you will have to be satisfied with," she says simply. "The inner areas are reserved for citizens, and I doubt you are interested in trying to join us, in any case. I hope you like it. It's so nice to see something other than grey.."

Oi and Archer follow their nose into one of the tea shops, and come out a moment later with steaming mugs of a murky, dark liquid. "English breakfast," Archer quips. "Breed's over a thousand years old and it tastes like it's been brewing about as long!" He grins.

The plaza almost feels like an outdoor environment, save that the breezes are not as strong. You sit while Archer and Oi drink their tea, and notice other unusual sounds... birdsong, and the sounds of small animals in the bushes beyond the plazas. It's a strange reversal that, on Ayer, wildlife thrives only indoors.

After a while, you move on to the broad stone street leading away from the Dock plaza towards the center of the city.

The main street in Coulam leads from the Dock area to the center of the city. A carved and painted wooden sign announces, 'Now leaving the Dock. Please Respect That Which Grows'. The street beyond is a dozen meters wide and paved in flagstones. Buildings line each side, none more than three stories tall. All are painted in detailed and unique styles - some are murals of natural scenes; some are simply colored in a manner suggestive of the surrounding flora and fauna.

Small mammals dart across the street. They are odd, chubby creatures with long bushy tails and droppy ears, in colors from white to grey and from red to brown. The largest look like they'd weight only a few pounds. Here and there, other streets diverge from the main one, leading to groves, forests, gardens, and orchards; the small buildings are scattered everywhere, but the elaborate paint schemes keeps them from becoming obtrusive.

It's clear that this is the preferred environment of the Coulamites. Scores of people are out on the street today. Some wear robes similar to those seen in the hospital; many where even lighter garments, and a few wear nothing at all. Nearly everyone is barefoot, or wears light sandals. The Coulamites move gracefully. Most are smoothly tanned, with fine features, large eyes, and somewhat angular cheeks.

Archer watches the scenery with interest. "What are those animals?" he asks Leandra. "They don't look like anything native to Earth..."

For himself, Jiro is content to walk, sit, or meditate. He has no particular attachment to nature, nor technology, but he at least understands the merits of diversity.

"They are called the pricti," says Leandra softly. "They were made by the Coulam on Ayer to give more life to the colony. We long to create life, to spread life, for it is the purpose of the universe." She smiles and nods to a few of the Coulam that she passes. "And as you can see, the rumors are not entirely inaccurate," she asides to Oi.

"Heh. Yeah, I suppose it all hearkens back to the whole 'there's some truth to every rumor' thing." Oi for his part admires the scenery, or at least parts of it, while enjoying his cup of tea. "Nice place you've got here Leandra."

Archer hmmms at Leandra's comment. "I thought it was just life that wanted to spread life. The universe just .... is." He grins. "We can have long philosophical discussions about this, I think."

Leandra smiles at Archer and nods humbly to Oi. "Thank you. I am glad you find it pleasing. We do try to maintain a beauty here, and a balance. As for philosophy, we could have a long discussion. Here you could meet those who have taught me, if you like, and you learn much to your benefit."

Archer says, "I don't know how much I could learn in just a few hours. We'll have to save it for the trip."

Everyone spends a few hours, together or seperately at times, exploring the streets and trails of the Outer Circle of Coulam. Your progress is unimpeded, save by the stone wall at the center marking the Inner Circle. The environment is natural, sometimes to the point of wilds. Jiro finds a spot near the crater wall to meditate, feeling unique reflections on Gnosis. Oi and Archer find several herb gardens where the tea they drank earlier is grown in volume. For Leandra, being back at home is a chance to catch up with accquaintances who do not so readily adhere to the world of instant communication popular with the Australites.

Several hours later, everyone meets again at the Dock Plaza, and prepares for the meeting with Vedus Greyrobe.