The globe in the center of the Republican Embassy's main gallery has split open and retracted into the floor, revealing a corridor leading down at a sharp grade. Lighting panels flicker on in the cieling of the tunnel, and the floor glows slightly. Unlike the rest of the building, this new area is obviously still powered.

Archer peers down the newly revealed tunnel. "I think we found the combination. Shall we proceed?"

Jiro gestures with an armored arm. "This is where we're being invited," he says calmly. "It shouldn't be actively hostile to us." Not one to waste time debating a clear path, he steps forward, moving to enter the tunnel.

The tunnel is about four meters wide and four meters tall, and slopes down at about a seven percent grade. The lighting panels in the cieling are a dim, even white. The floor is similar to the black glass-like substance in the lobby, and glows slightly. Ripples of light sparkle underfoot as the explorers walk.

The tunnel continue for quite some distance; over four hundred meters. The walls, cieling, and floors are smooth and featureless. It takes more than ten minutes to walk end to end. The apeture at the end of the tunnel is barely visible at first,and becomes bigger as the team approaches, with a remarkable lack of foreboding.

Archer says, "It's clean down here. You'd think there would be at least a little dust after a century. Might be something is still working."

The Exile priest's conclusion is immediate. "This was left here in case someone came to find it. I expect to find something very interesting here. Naturally it's all in working order."

"It seems power down here has never been lost," says Leandra. "At least it is to be hoped." She clearly wants to push ahead quickly, though she's got enough control to keep herself from doing so. The effort of it is revealed in the rather uneven pace of her steps.

The tunnel ends in a double door made of sheets of inch-thick transparent crystal, which opens into a circular chamber ten meters across and four meters high. The light is still a dim, soft white that lights the room evenly, as if coming from every direction at once. The walls a clinical powder blue. There are six additional corridors radiating from the central chamber at the regular intervals around its perimeter. There are several haphazard piles of plastic crates that seem to have been hastily placed around the room, which oddly does not seem to fit with the spotless, quiet atmosphere. The only other furniture is a waist-high meter-wide pedestal in the center of the room.

Jiro rummages through some of the crates; his suit sensors take photographs of what he finds, slowly building an inventory of what can be found here. "Emergency stuff," he remarks. "High-tech stuff. Someone foresaw a breakdown of infrastructure."

Archer says, "And a few boxes of junk. Strange. I wonder where the other corridors lead?"

"I'll have to make a full catalog of this later," suggests Leandra, examining some of the medical supplies and smiling. "I definitely will need time to do this properly. But I have this feeling there is still more here than this. Clearly this place was not built with such great care to hold things so carelessly thrown down."

Archer goes over to examine the pedestal.

As Archer approaches the pedestal, lights glow on its surface, and in a circular area on the cieling above it. A meter-tall humanoid figure flickers into solidity between the two. The figure seems to be wearing some kind of archaic clerk's outfit, with a white shirt, vest, necktie, and green bookkeeper's visor.

The figure opens its eyes, and looks over the explorers. "Welcome. This area is restricted. Please explain your presence."

Jiro sets down one of the crate lids, turning. "We're representatives of planet Ayer, in 55 Cancri," he says.

Archer says, "There was a major systems crash roughly one hundred years ago. We are attempting to re-establish contact with the Embassies."

The clerk nods, produces a pad and pencil, and begins taking notes. "I see. Welcome to New Queensland. It does seem that several emergency protocols are in effect. Are you having any problems with the local authorities?"

Archer says, "Not with the authorities, no. The Stargates are under the control of an inimical entity which we believe to be a crystal-based artificial intelligence."

The clerk's brows knit. "Oh, dear. That does sound quite serious. However, I am unable to summon any operators to clarify the situation. It seems that our relief staff is somewhat overdue. Under the circumstances, I am allowed to grant you provisional access to this area. It does not seem that any of your number require emergency medical care. Is that correct?"

Leandra arches an eyebrow. This isn't precisely the most swift of hosts they have met. "What areas can we have access to, and what conditions do you wish to impose?" she asks, wanting to get to the point.

Archer says, "That is correct. We are currently in perfect health."

"You may go where you wish," the clerk says. "Doors to restricted areas will not open. I regret that it will be necessary to summon authorized staff to assist you if you wish to enter those areas. You may leave when you wish, however, you may lose priority for your case if you leave before our relief staff arrives. I will do my best to answer your questions in the meantime." He scribbles away on his pad.

Leandra nods to the clerk. "We may be able to find authorized staff to gain entry, if we deem it necessary," she says. Oi will do for that, she imagines. "What is this place for? And what can I call you?" she then asks of the clerk.

The clerk replies, "I... oh. I'm sorry. I don't know the purpose of this place. It seems that I am not cleared. It is not on the map of the Embassy grounds." The clerk looks perplexed. "I think it may be a secret. To answer your other question, my name is... whatever you wish to call me. A new instance of this program is created to handle each case."

The clerk looks around the room, taking it all in. "If you're inviting me to speculate, I think this is a storeroom... for emergency supplies. It may be a shelter of some kind. There are extensive medical facilities here. This is very odd. Please inform me if you discover the purpose of this place. I will update the records."

Jiro nods. "Right. I'm going to check the corridors. Anyone else is welcome to join me."

"I will do that," says Leandra. "Oh.. what is the date?" she asks suddenly. "And the time, if you could be so kind." She turns to Jiro, nodding. "I will be joining you in the search, of course." Her questions will wait.

The clerk brightens. "That one's easy. It is the year August 3rd, year 2815 of the Common Era. The local time is 3:22pm."

Each of the six radial corridors is the same - about four meters wide, lined with meter-square windows embedded in the walls, three high on both sides, for the entire visible length of the corridor. The corridors are cool and the windows are cold to the touch.

Computerized readouts flicker over each crystal window, giving information about the chambers beyond. Each chamber holds an unmoving, supine humanoid figure wearing a simple white jumpsuit. If the monitors are to be believed, the temperatures are a bare fraction above freezing, and the atmosphere is 99% argon and only 1% oxygen.

Archer says, "Coo-ee. They're waiting for someone to wake them up, it looks like."

Jiro returns, following his brief inspection. "Hibernation systems," he announces. "Program, summon one of the emergency staff, please."

Escobar taps on one of the windows. "There must be hundreds of people down here... I'd guess about 1800."

"Could this really be?" Leandra murmurs, studying a window. So many lives here, no doubt with knowledge that she's only dreamt of. Her focus here is to see if a single Coulam is to be found among them. "I wonder if there are any Coulam among them. I wonder how difficult it will be to safely try to wake one of them."

Archer says, "I don't see any controls. We need to access a computer that will do more than act confused."

The hologram flickers. "The relief staff is one hundred and fourteen years overdue. Further, it seems that we currently have no staff; nobody has checked in for over one hundred and fourteen years and our human resources policy states that their clearances are suspended pending invesitgation." He shakes his head. "The relief staff was supposed to arrive within twelve months. I need to think about this."

Leandra frowns in thought, considering what she knows of the process. "I do not like the thought of experimenting on the living," she decides aloud. "If they were put in stasis here, than there must be a proper facility nearby. Still.." She looks at her hands then, flexing them and showing doubt in a way she never does. "If there is not, then I am likely the only.. facility that exists to save them."

"Does your medical facility support removing people from hibernation?" asks Jiro, gesturing at the corridors.

The clerk nods. "Yes. There are full emergency facilities at the end of corridor three. You have provisional access to those facilities under the emergency protocol."

Jiro smiles at Leandra, then to Archer and Oi. "Let's get to work then."

Leandra hmms. "Let's see what they have here. Oi, see about getting us proper access, would you? I'm sure we ought to have access to everything, don't you agree?" She turns then, making for the emergency facilities. "We'll likely need full access to get life support back on."

Escobar calls, "Hey, this one's different... his clothes are different."

"Sure. Access to everthing. You know, that's not too much trouble. Anything else y'care to have while I'm at it?" Oi gives a bit of a grin. "After all, I can probably pull it off."

Archer goes to look. "Different how? He's either supposed to be in charge or its a hint to revive him first."

Leandra grins at Oi, "I have complete faith in your abilities." She momentarily boggles at herself, then shakes it off. She'll leave Escobar's concerns to Archer. He seems to have good instincts, after all, and she's the only one who can really prep whatever they have for a hospital here.

Escobar indicates one chamber in particular, near the entrance to the fifth corridor. The man inside is unkempt, wearing casual street clothes common among the Australites at the time of the crash. The outfit is torn and burned in several places, and he has a variety of small burns and cuts, in addition to a large burn across his abdomen. He looks even more pale than the other frozen figures.

Archer says, "Huh. Weird. An agent who just made it back? A refugee who got caught up in the cryo program? He's not the big boss, I'd suspect."

Archer says, "I don't know why they didn't heal him up before putting him under, though. I'd have thought that would be dangerous."

Escobar taps at the window. "I think maybe 'refugee' is more likely. Look at this one. Complete name, position in the Embassy beauracracy... probably even the payroll records. This odd one here... doesn't say anything. Just his name. 'Angelo.' Is that his first name or his last name?"

Archer shrugs. "Could be either. Let's see... if they're labelled, maybe we can figure out who to wake up first. Let me go talk to Leandra."

Archer heads back to the infirmary area. "Leandra? The sleepers are all thoroughly identified by plaques except for one fellow who's in civvies. He looks like he's been badly injured, too. Do you want to try reviving him, or should we hunt for someone in charge and bring them up first?"

"If he's already injured, his revival may be more dangerous than the others," says Leandra to Archer. "Let me take a look at him. I think the first attempt should be focused on someone who looks strong enough to survive the process without any surprises. This place is amazing, but it will take me some time to master it."

Archer says, "A bit more modern than we've got back home, eh?" He leads her to where 'Angelo' is sleeping.

"Far more modern than anything I've seen," admits Leandra. "Still, I have talents that make me more able than others in understanding what is available. Nanotechnology is part of me, you might say." She will study Angelo closely, studying his wounds. "This man is extremely dangerous," says Leandra. "He's wanted for Treason and many hundred counts of Reckless Endangerment with an Information System. It would be fitting to let him dream on for a very long time to come."

Archer says, "Weird. So why's he here? Either the new flimsies were a cover for getting him back, or they want to question him later.... so who _should_ we wake up? Look for a doctor?"

Jiro speaks up. "These people know their chain of command," he points out. "Wake any of them up, and they will direct us to the next proper person. So make your evaluation based on physical fitness."

Archer says, "Still think we should look for a doctor."

Leandra walks about the medical staff, examining every last one of them closely before settling on one. "Doctor Korey Vazquez," she announces. "I think his chances of survival are most promising. We cannot be entirely sure he'll regain all his faculties swiftly, but we shall find out shortly."

Archer nods. "How soon until we have a breathable air mix, Oi?"

"Another fifteen minutes or so," replies Oi. "You'd think they'd upgrade at least a little..."

Archer chuckles. "It's still working perfectly after more than a century. I think they've got a pretty decent system."

Vazquez' cryochamber is wheeled to the infirmary on a gurney, and inserted into one of the nanosurgical units. The crystal window turns opaque. It is a process that takes several hours while the body is slowly thawed, while nanites are introduced to repair freezing damage. In the meantime, Oi cracks into the life-support system and restores the atmosphere to breathability. Shortly after 7pm, the computer announces that Vazquez is alive, and sedated, and should be conscious shortly.

Vazquez awakens slowly. His eyes flutter open, and he moans, drawing heavy blankets around him. "How long..." he whispers, with an odd accent.

"I was hoping you might answer that question for me," replies Leandra. "It is the year 2815. August third, to be precise." She watches her patient very closely, studying his motions. "How do you feel?" she asks.

Vazquez forces his eyes open, grimacing. His voice is ragged. "Can't be..." He looks at Leandra, and the others. "You're Coulam... who are you?"

"My name is Leandra, and I am of the Coulam of Ayer. My friends here are Jiro, Oi, Archer, also from Ayer, and Escobar, one of my people from this planet," she explains. "It seems you are not feeling too physically troubled if you have so much energy to fuel curiousity. But we should proceed more slowly. You have been asleep a very long time."

Vazquez lets his head fall back into the pillows. "You're not the relief crew? What happened?"

Archer says, "The collapse was universal, we think. In a sense, we _are_ the relief crew."

"Too much to explain completely for now," says Leandra softly. "Far too much. Tell us why so many have come to sleep here. Your answer may lead more easily into ours. I'm afraid many things have changed. And the root of it may well have been here."

Vazquez croaks, "Rampancy protocol. Runaway. Some go abroad, to help. Some come down here, to sleep. The relief crew comes. Cleans up the mess."

A minute passes, then Vazquez croaks, "It got to the Gates, didn't it?"

Archer says, "The whole Republic went down, I'm afraid. We think it did. It may even have started on the Gates."

"I'm afraid the Rampancy you speak of was not controlled," replies Leandra. "I do not know all the details completely, but if we speak of the same event, those who went to stop it failed terribly. As far as we know, we are the first Ones to use the gates since then."

"Hey... I have a question..." Oi pipes up. "Do you know much about the Rampancy? I mean... was it designed to induce transcendancy?"

Vazquez shakes his head. "I don't know. I need to sleep."

"Yes, you do," says Leandra. "I will keep watch over you." She looks to the others, "My patient needs rest, now. I will call upon you if you are needed. I imagine there is a great deal still to find here."

Vazquez reaches up and grips Leandra's wrist. He keeps his eyes closed and croaks, "Find the Saints."

Leandra frowns in thought. "The Saints?" She thinks better of it, though. "Perhaps we should wait until after you have rested. Try not to strain yourself. You have already been through so much."

Vazquez nods once, and fades back to sleep. The monitors indicate that the nanites are still repairing the after-effects of his hibernation.