The Dromedary council has asked the Aurora to loan the assistance of Archer and one of the Walkabout shuttles for a preliminary expedition to the Trojan Point leading the XR2 gas giant, where their telescopes show some pre-Crash derilects. In particular, the Camels are interested in a freighter of foodstuffs and agricultural supplies that would be well worth salvaging.

Archer says, "Should be easy enough to do. We'll take _Darwin_ and leave _Sydney_ here at Dromedary with Aurora. Do I tow your shuttle along, or will you just ride with me?"

Windzi replies, "I think we'd prefer if you just took your own craft. You should be able to make the transit in less than 60 hours each way. If you try to tow one of our transfer pods, it will double your mass and extend the trip. Also..."

Archer says, "Yes?"

Windzi pushes a folder across her desk at Archer. "I think I should explain something about our politics. There's seven of us on the council. I don't vote. That means that any decision is either a tie - in which case I the decision falls to the Chair, who can expect resistance from at least half the council - or it's a two to one majority."

The folder contains a pair of flimsies with photos and brief descriptions of Chang, the head of Agriculture, and Sosa, the head of Automation. "At the moment, support for you and your fellows is ambivalent. So two of our leaders have asked for the opportunity to observe you in action."

Archer says, "Ah. And if I tow _one_ of your shuttles, there'd be a fight over whose goes. Chang and Sosa wish to come along, I take it?"

Archer reads through the documents.

Windzi nods. "They'll ride in the Darwin, with you. You'll have five days together, so I hope that will be sufficient to indicate goodwill."

Archer chuckles. "I'll make sure there are no beans in the onboard rations, then. We can leave any time..."

Several days after Leandra's 'interview' with Miller, the Sosa and Chang meet Archer in one of Dromedary's bays, where the Darwin is docked. In place of the patchwork space-suits typical of the inhabitants of Dromeday, the two are wearing newer, if somewhat primitive vacc suits. Chang sits on the deck plates, while Sosa lounges on top of the Darwin itself.

Chang is a tall, slender man with pronounced asian features. He fidgits with an old paper notebook. By contrast, Sosa is shorter with bright red hair, and lounges unconcernedly near Darwin's vertical stabilizer.

Chang gets to his feet as Archer enters. Sosa merely rises as far as a sitting position on top of the shuttle. Chang looks noncommital; Sosa seems to be scowling. "So," she begins. "The man from Ayer, come to save us all from our squalor. Shall we get on with it?"

Archer chuckles. "We're not here to save you. We're here to see if it's safe to open the Gates again. But yes, we can get started any time you're ready." He ushers the pair aboard Darwin and shows them where they should sit for acceleration. "Frankly, we were surprised that anyone had survived here with the station uninhabitable. We're very impressed."

Chang speaks for the first time. "Hey, lay off him, Sosa. We've got a job to do, we don't always have to like who we're doing it with, right? It could have been worse. We were supposed to do this one with Miller."

Sosa's scowl deepens, darkening her elfin features. "Well... maybe this does have a small blessing." She pulls on her helmet. "It's your boat, Mister Archer. Set sail your way."

After a long burn lasting several hours, the small asteroid of Dromedary has disappeared, and Darwin is heading out into interplanetary space. The viewscreen shows the bright yellow-orange swirls of the XR2 gas giant below the shuttle, covering half the sky. As the acceleration eases, Sosa and Chang release themselves from their restraints. Both look somewhat drawn from the extended period of acceleration.

Archer concentrates on the pre-launch checklist, then on maneuvering the shuttle out of the lock and onto its course for the leading LaGrange point. Eventually he has the ship on autopilot and can spare attention for socializing with his passengers. He unlocks his seat and turns it around to face the Councillors. "I'm not sure if this occurred to Jiro, but I'm certain this is not going to be all a one-way thing. We can provide you with seeds and such to improve your agriculture - I assume you use hydroponics? - but I also suspect that we can learn from you. We've had a lot of trouble with the air purifiers since the Fall, and even now we're doing things by brute force. I suspect you can give our people some help."

Chang nudges his way out of the seat and tumbles himself vertical. "You have a branch of Coulam on your world... their ambassador came with you. They're masters of biotech; they've terraformed worlds with nothing more than algae. That's not the way on Ayer?"

Archer says, "Oh, they're working on it. But they're also rather slow and methodical. Machinery will get the job done faster. The Coulamites are content to let the atmospheric conversion take a thousand years or more."

Sosa eases her moorings, and remains in her acceleration couch for the moment. "So that's how it is... I don't think I'd have their patience. But how did you get the machines to co-operate? We've been working with stone knives and bearskins out here."

Archer says, "Standard stuff, really. Chemical reduction of native silicates to make oxygen, and processors to take the excess carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere at the same time. But some of the machinery was supplied from offworld and we nearly didn't make it through the Fall. Had to jury-rig things to keep running well enough to keep us all alive, and it's only the last twenty years or so that we've been able to think about expanding again. And the first item on our list is to find people who can upgrade the systems."

Archer smiles ruefully. "We have our own factions, too, but Ayer is big enough that we didn't quite have to work together for bare survival. The Coulamites were ... a bit isolationist for a long time. We had some opposition to this joint mission from some of our own politicians - and theirs, too, I guess - because of that."

Chang smiles. "There, you see, Erin? Division can be fatal. You want to do one better than they can? We know that better already."

Sosa merely shrugs. "I have to admit, I'm curious. Tell me more." She pushes out of the acceleration couch and taps at a computer terminal. "We've got almost two days to get there... and I can't spend the whole time hacking."

Archer shrugs. "That's the basics. I've made more of a study of pre-Fall history than the details of all the local infighting afterwards. If you have specific questions, I'll try to answer them."

Sosa and Chang tell the story of Dromedary over the next few hours. When the Crash came and shut down the gate, the hostile AI spread to the other smaller outposts in a matter of weeks. Refugees from more than a dozen habitats gathered at the ice mines on Dromedary. By using a neutron bomb to sterilize the hostile automation, the refugees were able to land on Dromedary and establish a low-tech refuge.

Chang adds, "Coulam didn't have any people here... but we did have Methusalah. He's a brilliant genetic engineer. He was able to produce the rebreather algae from a common strain, so that we could regenerate our atmosphere without resorting the automation."

Sosa frowns, but less so than before. "We still need some automation for power. Even an antique fission plant design needs some machinery to control it, and you can't grow anything in that rock without power." And then she grins. "Not much, though. The control programs are less than a thousand instructions long. The solar plants are even simpler, and next to this bright starlet" - she gestures to XR2 - "we have all the light we need."

Archer nods. "We lost automatics, too, of course. Spent a generation running things by hand, and it wasn't the easiest thing to do on the scale we needed. For a while we went all the way back to Steam Age controls - purely mechanical feedback systems. And the damned AI's are still turning up. We dug up an old base just before we came out here that had an AI still running. We've got the proper isolation protocols now, of course, so it didn't get out."

Dromedary's story since the Crash has been focussed on survival - either immediate or long-term. Calcium treatments devised by Methusalah allowed the Camels to adapt to the low-gravity conditions. With only minimal computers, it was hard to launch longer-range salvage missions, and so Dromedary has been restricted to occasional heavyweight manned probes. "We used to launch about one a year," Chang mentions, "until Ambrose and Miller ran into the hostile AI on the Gate. That was our most ambitious project... and one of our worst setbacks."

Sosa interrupts with a question. "So how'd a groundsider like you end up being able to move in space, anyway? You're almost as spry out here as us."

Archer chuckles. "I've been a space pilot most of my life. And I learned some tricks from our quaddies."

Sosa thinks a moment, and shrugs. "Guess Methusalah's abilities have their limits. Oh, well. I think I like having feet, anyway."

The discussions continue for much of the flight time, punctuated by meals, sleep, and bathroom breaks. Eventually, it's time to decelerate. Archer turns the shuttle around and intitiates the second long burn, dumping relative velocity as they back down into the other Trojan point. The last few minutes are spent at nearly a full gee of decel as he decides to stop a bit early. "Sorry about that. Radar is picking up a whole lot of junk here, and I didn't want to ram anything." Outside, the derelict cargo ship grows slowly in the viewport as Archer occasionally fires thrusters to dodge larger pieces of debris.

"Oh, jeez..." Sosa grouses. "Look at that spin. It must have hit something in the last two weeks. This is completely different from the course we plotted." She shoots a look at Chang, who in turn looks at Archer. "What the young lady is saying," Chang explains, "is that our docking plan is screwed we're going to need your help. Like we didn't already know that."

Archer grins as he plots the axis of rotation. "As General Patton once said, 'No plan survives first contact with the enemy.'"

Archer hmmms as he looks at the thing. "Now, where's the airlock nearest the center of rotation? That's where we want to enter."

Sosa and Chang seem surprised by Archer's suggestion, and point out that it's a risky operation... but they don't interfere. Chang follows Archer into the airlock to suit up. A half hour later the two are drifting towards the derilect with only simple chemical thruster packs for propoulsion.

Archer murmurs to himself, does calculations, and then puts a schematic diagram up on the console screen to talk through what he wants to do. "We've got an axis of rotation right here, and an airlock not too far from it, there. I'd like to make a short spacewalk across to that airlock, and try to use her thrusters on manual to stop the rotation. I've plotted the thruster locations on her, and calculated the necessary thrusts to stop the spin using them, as well as a backup pattern in case we can't get all of them to work. Objections and comments, gentlemen?"

Archer's calculations are dead-on. He and Chang run a tether between their suits, and use their thrusters to reach the still point on the derilect's spine just as the airlock is crossing in front of them. Archer lands lightly and plants a tether onto a convenient handhold. Chang is not nearly so graceful, and misses the ship on the first pass; he's able to reel himself in on Archer's tether, looking much like a yoyo on a taught string.

Sosa comes across the radio in a squawk. "Chang! Crap! Are you OK?"

The other spacer groans once. "Only thing injured is my pride, Erin. We gotta give the Aussie one thing... he can sure move out here."

Archer braces while Chang hauls himself in. "S'okay. I've got you."

Archer's calculations are dead on - it helped to have a basic schematic of the class in the shuttle's memory - and with a little work, the solar panels are activated and basic electrical power can be restored. The spin is damped out using the ship's gyros, since there turns out to be no fuel in the thrusters at all. Once the spin is eliminated, he transfers just enough fuel from Darwin to put it into a stable orbit and balance the roll again to allow the gyros to spin down.

The main volume is two levels - the wardroom, with bunks and lockers along the walls, and a bridge. A little less cramped than the Aurora's storm cellar, but nearly as nicely appointed. "Not a bad ship. With a little work, you should be able to get her back to Dromedary."

Chang turns around carefully on the wardroom deck, the actinic floods on his suit shoulders following his gaze. "Yeah... would be nice to get a decent system ship back online... it will take time, though. I hope we figure out what to do with Miller. If you're going to get the Gate running, you're going to need us to get a few more of these, and re-activate the skimmer fleet. And for that we need Miller." You think he might be grinning, it's hard to tell through his helmet. "No disrespect to your abilities, Mister Archer, we just need more than one ace flyboy to pull it off."

Archer chuckles. "No offense taken, sir. I can't be everywhere at once, even if I was really as good as every pilot claims to be."