The Aurora sets an intercept course for one of Delta Canrci's two smaller startgates, which is on the opposite side of Delta Cancri 8 from the Aurora. The transfer burn is made while the gate is on the far side of the planet, to hide the Aurora's emissions from any observers, and so the next four hours pass in tense silence. The crew continues to monitor passive sensor and telescope data... across the star system, the former Revenue Fleet continues its odd movements.

The Stargate looks more like the one at 55 Cancri than at crossroads. It is intact and has a stable rotation; the on-board solar arrays are angled towards the sun, and the sensors show periodic bursts of ionized gas... thrusters, persumably, to keep station. The space junk that surrounded the abandoned gate at Crossroads is absent.

Archer watches the images as _Aurora_ approaches the Gate. "Interesting. I'd swear the thing was still in full operational mode. D'you think anything would notice if we tried to take out its communications?" He goes back to the sensors, trying to pick up any whisper of radio from the station.

"I hope not, since that's what I'm proposing to do," replies Jiro.

Archer monitors the radio bands for a while, and is eventually rewarded by picking up burst transmission sidebands from the Gate. "They're talking, all right. Judging by the directions of the dishes, this one is in contact with the other Gates and with New Queensland itself. But it's all digital. I don't hear anything that sounds like voice."

Oi transfers the signals to his console and runs an analysis. After a minute he shakes his head. "It's very heavily encrypted... and very oddly encrypted. It might be using quantum security for key exchange. I can break it, of course... it won't take too long..." His voice trails off and, despite his claim, it seems it will take quite some time.

"Time is something we have in abundance, for now," says Jiro with a wan smile, as he continues his own analysis of the Revenue Fleet.

Leandra spends most of the time researching what she can on the history of New Queensland. In particular she focuses on points of culture and diplomacy. After the events on Dromedary, she wants to be far better prepared. She also does a survery of historical medical records, bringing up files describing treatments and illnesses common in poorly developed worlds.

After working on his own research for a good long time, Jiro sits back and rubs his temples. "We're not going to get anywhere by disrupting nothing," he says. "We have to choose WHAT to meddle with. We could turn back and survey the planet, but.. early data suggest we won't find many answers there. I suggest we board the gate now, monitor the communications the gate sends out, and see if we can learn anything that way."

Archer nods. "Agreed. Meddling with the antennae makes us hostile; and there won't be much difference in response time. If the revenue cutters haven't been changed much from the original design, we'll have at least six days, and the cutter that makes it here that quickly won't have any maneuvering fuel when it arrives."

Jiro nods. "Alright. I suggest we EVA. Aurora-1 stays in hiding. Oi stays here to monitor transmissions, and he'll be our first heads-up if the fleet changes course as well."

Archer says, "Let's leave Oi out here to monitor their communications and go in EVA. We ought to have our suits anyway, no telling what the air is like on board."

The crew suits up in an outer airlock, Archer and Leandra in standard-issue reinforced spacesuits, and Jiro in his fighting suit. Expedition gear, inclduing medical kits, multiscanners, food and water, is collected in a mesh bag on the floor. The team tethers themselves to the supply bundle. When all is prepared, Archer cycles the airlock and everyone drifts out into space. The silence is eerie; the thrusters make almost no noise.

For the next half-hour, the Aurora recedes to a pinpoint reflection, and the stargate grows from a spinning light the size of a silver-dollar, to the kilometer-wide ring that is now so familiar. Just short of the ring, the team prepares for the deceleration burn. Just as Jiro is preparing to fire, several red lights appear in his visor, indicating a thruster malfunction. Half the thrusters fire, and the other half do not; he's now travelling at an odd angle to the rest of the team, his tether quickly playing out behind him.

Archer clicks his mike. "Jiro, what's your status? Can you maneuver at all? Leandra, boost to follow him, or we're going to get a jolt. On my mark. 3, 2, 1, Mark!" He boosts to follow the wayward battlesuit.

Jiro turns his head this way about, studying things quickly. He realizes he's in trouble, and knowing this, he takes a gamble. His sword slides out of its scabbard without the accustomed sound - all he can hear is his own breathing as he uses its ultimately sharp blade to sever the tether. The others will continue on their expected course, at least, assuming they don't do anything reckless. "I'll catch up to you in a moment," he calls reassuringly.

"Keep on course," instructs Jiro over the radio. "I'm going to be alright. I'm going to use what I have to start braking.."

Jiro cajoles what remains of his thrusters into turning him around and braking his momentum before he flies off into open space. Archer boosts after him, flying low and parallel to the surface of the Gate. Leandra, seeing that her choice is to follow or be dragged, fires her thursters a moment later. The equipment sling follows the two astronauts like a mis-shappen dogsled.

The next 30 seconds seem to take a lot longer to pass. Eventually Jiro brakes his fall and makes contact with the surface of the Gate; Archer and Leandra arrive a moment later. The crew is some 200 meters from their planned landing point, but apart from frazzled nerves, there are no lasting effects.

Recovered from their misadventure, the three astronauts are standing on the inner surface of the giant ring. There are few markings, protrustions, or other elements of superstructure here - the space four hundred meters over everyone's head is the same volume occupied by spacecraft departing on a gate jump. The silver arc stretches out on either side, curves up before and behind, and forms a long arch overhead, half in sunlight, half in shadow.

A hike of 20 meters turnwise brings the team to an alternate point-of-entry: a recessed hatch marked with orange tracer lights.

Archer says, "This looks fine. No reason to hike along the outside any farther than we have to. Now, how does it activate?" He tries the standard lock sequence.

The hatch slides open, revealing a small airlock big enough for two people in ordinary spacesuits - or one battlesuit. Jiro enters first and cycles through the airlock; the inner hatch opens onto a ready room with a pair of spacesuit lockers and a few other bins of equipment. The lockers are empty, but some of the bins still have their contents - medical supplies, emergency rations, and so on. Leandra and Archer follow a few minutes later. Air quality indicators show that the atmosphere is 100% nitrogen gas - unbreathable.

A door at the far end of the ready room leads to a short corridor, which ends at an elevator. You assume that the ready room is 40 meters above the local street level, probably at the top of a building.

Archer says, "Note the pressure. 80% standard; I'll bet the oxygen's just rusted stuff out. If it was deliberately removed, we'd probably have a full atmosphere of nitrogen out there."

"Either way, it will take time to remedy the situation," suggests Leandra. "But at least there aren't dangerous levels of carbon dioxide here. Nor dangerous levels of oxygen. It could be far worse, to put it simply." She considers the gate's condition carefully, trying to judge by scanner and by vision how well the materials are holding up.

The elevator is still powered. It descends past ten stories and opens into the lobby of an apartment building. Some of the furnishings are in disarray - the withered remains of several potten plants are tipped onto the floor; some of the furniture is broken. The doors are only intact because they are some variety of polymer, instead of glass. The sight beyond the doors is strange... the lighting appears inoperative, but the street is still lit by erratic flashes of energy that arc between some of the buildings.

"Better all nitrogen than all oxygen with that," comments Jiro, gesturing in the direction of some of the arc discharges. "Oi, no indication of any variation in the signals?"

Archer says, "What is causing that arcing? It does explain where the oxy's gone, though. It'd have gone to nitrous oxides and been scrubbed out if that's been going on long."

Oi's transmission is erratic, and eventually comes through over the low-bandwidth text-only channel set up for avoiding hijacking by hostil automation. The message simply reads: All quiet here. Signals still hard to crack. No change in revenue fleet. Bring me a pizza. -Oi

Archer, Jiro, and Leandra edge up closer to the front windows, cautiously peering out at the strange landscape. Many of the buildings have been rebuilt in an odd fashion - the doors and windows have been sealed over, and large conduits snake along the street through the larger doors. The conduits follow the path of the old light-rail. The flashes of energy don't look like electrical discharges. The flashes are more like ball lightning, or St. Elmo's fire, concentrated around clusters of crystals. The clusters are interwoven with metallic flanges and wirework, and scattered all over - in the street, up the sides of buildings, on roofs, and so on. They vary in size from a foot to a meter in diameter.

"It's deliberate," says Jiro, after a moment. "But what the hell is it for?"

Archer peers out at the conduits. "I'm not going to venture a guess as to what it's for, yet, but I can tell you what it _is_. This is the same stuff that was growing out of Halunen's body back in the power station. More elaborate, more advanced and developed - but the same stuff."

The three explorers walk cautiously out into street. The bizzare cityscape is clearly not built for human habitation - some of the cables are inconveniently placed and require a little mountaineering to get over. Thankfully, the gravity here is normal. You find a crystal agglomeration a few meters away and inspect it. It seems that they always glow; the flashes you see are periodic flares of energy discharging. It always seems to flare directionally, towards one of several other crystals nearby. The flares are at irregular intervals - a few seconds, or a minute or more.

Archer watches the flares. "Nah. Can't be...."

"Some form of communication relays?" suggests Leandra. "Or perhaps any of a hundred other things. Maybe if Oi studied their patterns he might be able to make something of it."

The metallic components of the crystal structures are a lacy meshwork of fine wires. They are confined to an area about equal to the diameter of the crystal bed. The conduits are of a standard design for pumping fusile gasses; some of the junctions feature regulators and pumps that whirr quietly in the eerie darkness.

Archer says, "Back before the Crash - just before the Diaspora, actually - there was a movie called 'Fantastic Voyage'. Watched it during a history of literature class. Team got shrunk through some fantastical pseudo-science gizmo and inserted into a man's brain. I think we're looking at neural net patterns here."

Archer says, "The crystals are amorphous quartz, with odd impurities. Kinda like a cross between flint and opal, though it's conductive somehow. But it looks like we're inside a gigantic and slow-processing brain."

Archer resists the temptation to tap one of the crystals as he speaks. "That would explain where the oxygen went, too."

"If so, it's far beyond anything I understand," says Leandra. "I wonder what these things are for, anyway. I was hoping the more we travelled the more this would make sense. For instance, the metal of these wires is socolite superconductor. There's a faint current, but nothing very strong. The buildings seem to be fuel tanks, and the conduits are pumping light gasses. Hydrogen, nitrogren, and oxygen. We have so many puzzle pieces and we can't see the picture we're trying to make."

Jiro goes into a quiet, rapid series of thoughts. "We have to get to gate control," is all he says, as he sets out for just that destination.

As if to punctuate Jiro's words, a tremor passes through the stargate... it subsides quickly, but there's now a vibration in the floorplates, as if some large machine had begun operation elsewhere on board.

The march to gate control is uninterrupted, although the density, size, and activity of the glowing crystal beds increases dramatically as the explorers get closer to the building. The onyx ziggurat of the Embassy lies on one side of the street; the giant stone door has been knocked off its hinges, and the entrance is choked with conduits. The gate control building, on the other side of the street, is more modest, but surrounded by crystal beds. No conduits enter the building, but the entrance hall has a large hole torn in the floor, perhaps two meters wide. A complex mess of superconduting wires sprouts from the hole like metallic kudzu. Gaps in the wires show that the strangely floral machine is attached to some of the gate control machinery located below the building.

A short stairwell leads to the control room on the second floor. A giant holographic display covers one wall, and shows a crazy-quilt design of blocks of saturated colors. The colors change irregularly and slowly. A double-row of workstations faces the large display. Most of the workstations are dark; a few show patterns of static.

As the three get to work on the computers, Jiro explains what he wants. "Logs of gate activity," he says. "Preferably communications transmissions. Preferably with logs of their payload, if we're extremely lucky."

Archer and Leandra are able to make two of the long-dormant consoles co-operate and start a diagnostic program. The control machinery is unmistakably warming up for a jump - but no payload is registered at the focus of the gate. The records show that, starting about 30 years ago, there have been several test-firings a week, never with any kind of material payload. In some cases, FTL transmissions were attempted. There's no record of anything being received, or of any of the transmissions being acknowledged... but it's also impossible to know for sure. It seems that a different program has been used for the jump every time; and this latest activity is the test of yet another generation of that program.

"Halunen was being turned into something," says Jiro, after watching and listening to the results. "And here we have a larger version of the same thing... something like a viral infection creating a brain, rather than a brain developing through normal methods. Whatever gets infected becomes part of an information-processing node. But the nodes are trying to network with each other. That's why the planet seems clean, while the Gates themselves are taken over. But I wonder if the network is already operating, elsewhere...?"

Archer says, "The other questions are, how extensive is this thing? Is it self-aware? Can we communicate with it to be sent home, or do we have to kill it to do that? And if so, do we have the right to kill it just to save us the inconvenience of going home in stasis?"

Archer says, "I've been having... subjective experiences during the hyperjumps. Something watching us. What if it's this?"

"Perhaps if we find out where these transmissions are going, we can learn something. There must be some center for this strange activity," suggests Leandra. "Or at least some origin point. The question then is how can we track it? We'll have to learn a great deal more before this gate is even safe to use, it seems. In that time, hopefully we'll find out just how accurate this virus metaphor is. Judging from what we've seen thus far, I have a feeling we'll be seeing a lot more of these things."

The floor continues to vibrate underfoot. You hear a faint whining noise start in the distance. If the records and indicators are accurate, the jump will take place within minutes; and the reactor may remain operational for up to an hour thereafter. Whatever is happening here, is about to happen again.