The poker game takes place in one of Dromedary's wardrooms. Methusalah, apparently, is a traditionalist; the room's lighting is dim on the players, but the table, covered in green felt, is brightly lit from overhead. The polished rock walls reflect odd highlights from the brighter lamps as Methusalah shuffles the cards - apparently age has dulled his hands far less than his feet. One of the other members of the Dromedary council, Bo Minh, a mining engineer, sits across from Methusalah as you enter. Both have a small pile of laminated plastic cards in front of them, inscrubed with blocks of color and numbers.

Methusalah shakes his head. The affect is akin to watching an old mop wringing out. "If that's the way ye want to play it." He collects the deck and passes it to Minh, who cuts it, and passes it back to Methusalah. "You know, bravado is only so useful a tool, kid. But we'll see. Ante up."

Archer remembered poker from history - it was a major feature of both the North American expansion and a favorite game of the early spacefarers. He's taken a crash course in it, and hopes he remembers all the variants that Methusaleh and Oi come up with.

Archer twitches an eyebrow at that comment. "Y'know, I've never seen his eyes? But the old fellow's right - calculate the odds in your head, like the rest of us have to."

"Alright then." Oi watches the deck. He's not cheating... yet. As he said, all that's going on in those vid-glasses of his happens to be the vision correction program. "Deal the cards. We'll let them do our talking for us."

Methusalah deals the cards out, starting with Oi, on his left, then Minh, then Archer, and then himself. Five cards are dealt, and the remainder of the deck placed in the center of the table, for the traditional five-card stud game. Archer and Oi have been supplied with a small pile of ration chips - the odd currency of Dromedary - purchased with some of the luxury foodstuffs and fresh plants from Leandra's hydroponics aboard the Aurora. "We'll play the first few rounds for these pittances," Methusalah announces, "and then see if you're up for something more serious." He lifts his cards from the table and cackles. "Oh, my, did I say something? Hmm."

Oi looks down at his hand. That grin of his flickers for a moment, and Oi might be thankful none can see his eyes. However in a moment his poker face is back on. "Heh. I think you did. Let's see what those cards will say." Oi antes up.

Archer tosses his ante into the center as well. "How good your hand is depends on how good everyone else's is."

Minh speaks for the first time. "Interesting thing to say, Mister Collins. That's practically the whole of Dromedary sociology." He also antes up, but looks uncertain about it.

"The thing to remember though, is in poker, you're not playing your cards. You're playing the other players," counters Oi as he looks from player to player. "Words to the wise. Such as they are."

Archer says, "Just a matter of competitive game theory. The key is not to get the best possible hand, just to get a better hand than your opponents... and to minimize your loss when you don't."

Methusalah tosses a couple of mid-grade ration chips in. "I'll see your 10, Bo, and raise you a Watermelon... heh. Not really that simple anymore. We're not big enough to have a market or exchange here, but in the old days, the denominations used to be fixed to particular foodstuffs."

Minh rubs his chin as he speaks. "There is that, Archer... but there's two alternative interpretations. One is, luxury here for one of us means little if our fellows are starving. And also, we don't have much compared to the rest of the universe - but we've got quite a damn bit compared to what we had when we got here."

The banter continues for another round, and finally the cards are shown. Minh is the winner, with a flush, and he looks as surprised as anyone.

The cards are passed to Oi. "Your turn, kid. Let's see your shuffle."

The cards are shuffled. It's not too difficult a thing for Oi to do. Though he makes a point of glancing at each of the players before the cards are dealt. "Alright alright. New hand, nothing's wild, 'ere we go ladies and gents." He hands out the cards until everyone has five. At least.

Oi is dealt a pair of threes, and folds after the first round of bets. Methusalah is more reserved for this hand, and leads Archer and Minh both into a several rounds of small bets. Archer folds, leaving Minh and Methusalah to slug it out over a modest pot. It turns out that the ancient man is not bluffing; he has a Full House to Minh's Straight.

Minh frowns. "I should stick to my rocks. You just got eveything that I won in the last round, old timer."

Methusalah shrugs, apparently wearing a poker face now. "Night is still young, Bo. I'll give you a fair chance to win it back."

Minh takes the cards from Oi, and everyone makes ante for the third round. Minh shuffles the deck them quickly and efficiently, dealing five cards to each player. The miner scratches his head as he picks up his cards. "I wonder if that's a generous offer, Methusalah, or just an opportunity to have me eating kibble for the next week..."

For his part, Oi manages his hand rather well. He's careful about betting, until he's hooked the other players. Oi grins that same grin he's been grinning all night. "Alright lads. Stuck it out eh? Well, ya really shouldn't have." There's a showing of the cards. The old man has a full house. "Nice nice... but uhm, I think my four ladies beat your full house...." Oi displays the four queens in his hands with pride. "Isn't that right ladies?"

Methusalah looks genuinely surprised; Oi's regained all the cash he and Archer lost, and a bit more. "Well, how about that. You know something after all, eh?" The cards are passed to Archer for the final hand of the first round. "We'll see if it's a fluke."

Archer says, "Impressive. I don't know what I was thinking with a flush..."

Archer shuffles in a workmanlike way, nothing flashy, and offers the deck to Oi for the cut. "And let's see where this hand takes us." He deals and picks up his hand. "Right. Who dealt this mess?"

"That would be you, Archer." Oi takes a look at his hand, eyes hiding behind those vid-glasses. "Hmmm..."

Archer folds quickly, apparently serious about having dealt himself a mess. Oi, Methusalah, and Minh hang on for several rounds. Methusalah apparently thinks Minh is bluffing; Minh is trying hard to make it seem like he's only got a mediocre hand, and calls Methusalah's dogged pursuit a sham. Finally the miner tosses several chips into the pot at once. "Listen, old man, my patience wears thin. I've got a day's pay on the table here. Put up or shut up."

Methusalah cackles and matches his bet. "I'll see it. Now let's see what we've got."

The results are a surprise. Minh's flush is hardly impressive, but it's better than Methusalah's straight and Oi's simple triple.

Methusalah clearly didn't expect Minh to be playing a hard game tonight, and raise his bushy eyebrows. "Hey, there, you old rock hound! We're supposed to clean out the visitors, not each other! You'd deprive a poor old man of his ration of sweet beer? Now that's cruelty!"

Archer chuckles. "You did get some of Oi's money, and my ante. You're just being dramatic."

Methusalah affects a gruff attitude. "Oh, what's this rock coming to..." He becomes serious. "Well. That's one full round of petty bets, then. I think it's time to get to the serious stuff. Minh, you can sit this out of you like. We're crossing into the round of statesmanship here."

Minh shakes his head. "Hey, I'm on the council too, remember? My guys are up for running the fuelling operation. And I think you could use the backup here."

Methusalah shrugs, and leans back in his electric wheelchair. The archaic conveyance whines a few feet back from the table, leaving him shrouded in shadow, looking for all the world like an old wizard in a fantasy story sitting at the edge of a campfire circle. "Well, then... I think perhaps I might offer something a little more unique... I have some information that might be of use to you lot, if you're really serious about pushing on to New Queensland. Or even further. You hear a lot of things in two hundred years of living. Sometimes, you need to pass them on. But one who plays the Great Game does not wager lightly." He leans forward again. "So what do you propose to bet against that, my friends?"