The bridge of the Aurora is quiet. Up until a few minutes go, it had been filled with the audio output of Oi and Archer eavsdropping on the signals coming from the Dromedary asteroid. However, for some reason, there's been only silence since. The asteroid is about to pass behind XR2, and will be out of sight for nearly a week. Progress on stabilizing the stargate is good; in a few hours, it will be back into a stable spin and can be safely boarded.

The silence is broken by staccato tapping as Oi starts a signals analysis program to see if there is anything to be learned from the last few minutes of Dromedary's traffic.

The following morning, Oi is still at his console. He'd be slumped over it asleep if there were any gravity; as it is, he's floating in the saddle, arms spread out in front of him in a neutral body position. The console shows that the computer is still grinding away.

Oi awakens as you enter the bridge. The walls around still show holographic projections of the world outside; virtual portals. Graphics indicate that Dromedary is eclipsed by XR2 now. Oi rubs his face, yawns, and paws at the console, readin gthe results.

Archer twitches an eyebrow at the sleeping computer-tech, and glances at the status board. _Nope, nothing yet. And no new signals. We've definitely scared them, whoever is over there._ He takes his usual station and checks the progress of the shuttles that are supposed to be restoring the gate-station's proper rotation. _And if this is because the gyros seized up, we'll have to reverse the process when we bring them back online...._

Leandra makes her way more comfortably around, quirking an eyebrow as Oi wakes up. "You know, sleep in such a position is far from optimal," she says dryly. Her mind drifts to the problem of Dromedary then, and she suggests, "We may learn much more of them on the gate itself."

Archer nods. "Looks like the shuttle programs worked. Gate rotation is close to nominal - concourse acceleration should be at 0.8 gees again. I'm recalling them to their hangars now."

Archer says, "Dromedary will be out of radio contact for nearly a week now. If we're not planning to sneak up on them while they're behind XR2, I'd suggest we spend the time checking out the Gate Station."

Jiro crawl-climbed his way forward, and spends a few moments quietly listening before offering his own thoughts. "Giving them some time to adjust to the idea of a foreign presence is probably a good idea," he suggests. "And if they have humanitarian issues that we need to address, having the gate in the best working order we can is a good idea."

The graphics on the walls shifts, indicating that the shuttles will be back aboard in fifteen minutes. Victor flickers in his holotank as Jiro speaks, watching the proceedings with apparent interest, but the infomorph remains silent.

When the shuttles are back aboard, Archer takes his place at the navigation console and programs a docking maneuver. An alert chimes softly throughout the Aurora. The big skimmer spins in place and a corridor of bright orange rectables appears in the hologram, marking the path to the Stargate. Archer spots an open docking bay and initiates a short burn, then coasts into the open bay over the next fifteen minutes. Finally there's a thump and a shudder as the docking grapples in the nose of the shuttle capture mooring points on the walls of the bay, and you're on the station. Gravity returns and pulls you down into your seats as the Aurora rotates with the station.

Jiro takes a moment to accommodate himself to the new 'down', and smiles gingerly. "I'll begin a reconnaissance sweep," he offers. "Verifying essential life-support and power is probably our first priority, I imagine."

Archer nods with satisfaction as the docking clamps hold. "And we are here. Power, then life-support, and then we see what can be seen."

"I'll keep an eye open for anything strange," says Leandra. Meaning of course that she's wary of atmospheric issues. And spores. And any one of hundreds of things that might make it a lot harder to make the gate fully functional again.

"Well then... I suppose uhm... what is it you need me to do?" Oi sounds a little puzzled, but willing to help out as best as he can.

Archer says, "Actually, I think you should be our backup here on the ship for now. Just in case something goes wrong, we need someone who can keep her from being flung across the system."

"Sure thing mate. Not a problem at all." Oi settles in and arrays himself about his equipment. "Ahhh."

The cleric begins accessing his terminal, and after several seconds, reviews a schematic - a distribution of ionized gas through a large volume, such as a stargate. "This was a theoretical exercise devised by the Exile engineers," he explains, calling attention to the display. "In light of the 'pod' that's currently docked, it may be worthwhile to consider. We flood the stargate, then monitor changes in the uniformity of the charge as a sort of low-resolution, large-scale motion detector. That is my understanding of the plan, at least - I'm not an engineer."

The crew puts Jiro's hypothetical model into practice. First, Oi locates an intact helium tank near the docking bay, and pumps it into the main concourse of the gate. The thin addition of noble gases to the stale oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere changes the electrical characteristics enough so that a small ionizing charge from the engines can excite the mix without frying the entire gate.

Oi leans over his console and keys the sequence; energy flows from the Aurora's reactor into the gate. The schematic comes to life as the on-board sensors trace the motions of the gas.

Archer is the first to notice the anomoly. The gas field is uniform, save for eddies caused by the gate's spin, except for one area - a truncated pyramid the size of an office block where the field fails to penetrate.

Archer taps keys and brings the schematic to that point. "The Embassy. Nothing's moving anywhere else, but the Embassy is blocking the probe. Weird."

Jiro shakes his head. "Not weird, if it's been sealed," he suggests. "But let's leave this running for awhile, and I'll start recon there."

"Remember what was found in the last gate," says Leandra casually. "We are likely to find the same."

"Well, we might find something really neat though. I have to wonder though what this is..." Oi nods, "Patch us through if you do recon, Jiro."

"Hang on a tic..." Oi presses a few keys, and then furrows his brow. "Well, there's some power to the gate it seems. Not enough to turn on everything, but we can turn on the lights, and maybe keep her stable... if we're lucky."

Jiro walks alone, save for Victor's virtual presence, through the small personnel airlock, and steps once more into the Crossroads stargate. The corridor looks virtually identical to the one where the crew embarked from 55 Cancri, just a day ago, save for the neglect of a century. His heavy, armored footsteps echo as he marches down the hall and up the ramp into the main concourse.

The inside of the gate is a strange sight. As Oi mentioned, some of the lights are still powered in the cieling above, where the holographic sky was on the other gate. In the dim twilight and reduced gravity, the plant life on the gate has grown wild, spilling out of carefully-manicured gardens and into the streets. Most of the plant life is creepers, vines, and mosses. Some larger flora also survives in odd places, worked into cracks in the pavement.

"Odd, isn't it," muses Jiro, quietly, mostly for the benefit of his electronic associate. "How life insists on asserting itself in the cosmos. Something the Creator gave to non-sentients as well, perhaps, so that people like us, who can choose despair, would have something to look at to remind us how to feel otherwise."

Victor flickers into a semblance of solidity next to Jiro, giving the appearance of standing next to him. "It is true," the program says. "It says some other things about the nature of life, of sentience and non-sentience. These are wild and primitive things. They live where you and I cannot, because they do not make the choice that it is too danerous to attempt." He looks at Jiro. "There was a famous military unit on Old Earth with the motto, 'Who Dares, Wins'. Can something dare, that does not think?"

Archer says, "I'd say so. It's semantics, though."

Something like a smile crosses Victor's face. "I am a thing of words, Mister Collins. Semantics are inordinately important to me."

A holographic marker appears in Jiro's display, showing the path to the Embassy - 700 meters turnwise of the docking port, and not currently visible around the curve of the Gate.

"Daring is a conscious act. Winning is an intangible. It seems that anything that can't choose to dare can't appreciate victory anyway, so the point is moot," suggests Jiro, as he follows the path shown to him.

The Embassy becomes visible after about four minutes of walking. The overgrowth conceals a number of signs of the chaos that must have afflicted the Embassy after the crash - broken windows and doors, overturned electric carts, and pieces of droids and other once-riotous automation.

Another marker appears on Jiro's HUD, and also on the displays of the rest of the crew, monitoring from the Aurora. Jiro is passing the airlock that leads to the docking port where the mysterious low-tech shuttlecraft was found.

Jiro advances more cautiously, switching his electromagnetic sensors to a higher-resolution imaging mode and studying a set of crates curiously. He draws near, saying nothing, and breathing lightly so that his hearing is unimpaired.

The crates are near the broken store-front. The window is unbroken, probably being made from diamondoid, but the door has been removed, apparently with several prybars lying discarded nearby. The shop is a convenience store. Old-fashioned paper signs are mounted on some shelves, and silent digital displays on others; many of the shelves have been picked clean.

Some items that may have been on the shelves once are scattered on the floors - foodstuffs bearing markings similar to the ones Jiro saw on the improvised shuttle, with dates of manufacture from over 100 years ago.

Jiro stoops, reaching out with a mechanical hand and picking up a can. He turns it over and about for a few seconds, then restores it to its place and rises. "I'm going to announce my presence," he says, for the benefit of his crewmates. "I'm 300 meters from the Embassy. I suspect there is someone living nearby, possibly inside."

Jiro's amplified voice echoes through the abandoned gate, and the echos are the only response the warrior cleric hears. Victor rezzes in next to Jiro once more, and raises an eyebrow.

Victor asks, "Forgive me for asking, but is that wise?"

Jiro shakes his head. "No, it's not," he replies, walking casually toward the embassy proper. "If someone is present, they haven't come looking for us yet - either they were motionless during our sweep, or they are inside here. I would say if there is someone alive, they are scared - terrified, maybe."

Archer clicks into the circuit. "They do seem to be paranoid, judging by the reaction on Dromedary. The question becomes, what makes a paranoid feel more at ease?"

"Hmmm. Wanna see if I can get a better ping on what you've got in there, I wonder?" Oi considers this. "Maybe if we found a way to let them know we are safe to them... I dunno, fix up their power or something like that?"

Victor appears to think for a moment. "In my experience... finding out that they are right. One of the things a paranoid may fear the most is discovered that they are simply insane."

Archer says, "Nah. If they are paranoid-scared, they're going to react badly to a demonstration of control over what they may consider vital functions. Best to just go in openly, I think."

Archer pauses for a moment. "And something to ponder, Victor. What if they're not paranoid? If you have a rational reason to think everyone's out to get you, are you insane?"

The infomorph walks placidly beside Jiro as the armored man approaches the Embassy building, carefully stepping around bits of debris, even though he doesn't need to. "I don't know the answer to that question, Mister Collins. I think we're running up against my limitations on understanding the human condition. But I will see what I can come up with."

Leandra pauses to consider carefully the fact that there might be people who are living here. Alone for who knows how long. "Just try to appear as non-threatening as possible if people are really there," she suggests. "Anything else is.. a bit premature. It is hard to say what we will need to do, but I can help them when we get them aboard, if needed."

Jiro is now standing a hundred meters away, across the street from the Embassy building, at the corner of the Gate Control bunker. The onyx sides of the ziggurat-shaped structure are dark and silent, and the vegetation has broken free of the gardens and crowds the walkways in front of it.

Considering the facts, Jiro makes a decision at last. He begins stripping off his armor, carefully divesting himself of the high-tech but intimidating suit. What remains is a skin-thin suit of personal body armor, little better than a light bulletproof vest, and to this he adds a radio earpiece. Slinging his sword behind him, he crosses the remaining distance to the embassy door, and makes three loud, hard knocks with a hand.

The knocks on the door make surprisingly little noise. Jiro notices that, even though the door is larger and thicker than a bank vault - larger and thicker than some starships, in fact - it seems to be well-balanced and he can pull it open by hand. The warrior cleric puts his trepidation elsewhere and gets a grip on the heavy slab and pulls; the door swings open, revealing the black marble floors of the Embassy lobby beyond. The lighting is dim, but brighter than the rest of the station.

Archer feels uneasy about the whole thing, and waits on a hair-trigger. _Don't screw up._

Leandra mentally prepares to rush out and do healing as needed. Even in the best of circumstances this would be a difficult first meeting. In this situation, though, ideal is hardly the term she'd use to describe things.

"No body even ask the dread 'possibly' question here..." cautions Oi. "And Jiro, keep yer eyes open. Don't go dying on us now... I still have about thirty days left in the deadpool..."

Even without his vision enhancers, Jiro's trained eye notices several things out of place in the lobby. Four corridors lead off from the lobby in cardinal directions. The corridor to the rear is not as clean and well-kept... in fact, two humanoid figures lie crumpled on the ground, wearing dark orange vacc suits. Two large, metallic rifles lie discarded nearby.

Archer says, "I've got a very bad feeling about this, Jiro. Back off and get armored up again."

"I concur," says Leandra. "Whatever has happened, we must consider ourselves on a battle footing at this point. Can you see if they are breathing?" She sounds very anxious over this. All life matters to the Coulam.

Jiro has stepped through the door and is stalking towards the figures. He's unmolested as he crosses the lobby, hugging close to the wall, until it comes time to cross the area where the perpendicular corridor crosses the lobby. From this angle it's more apparent that the figures are corpses. Parts of their space suits are shredded; the skeletal remains of their bodies are visible through the visors on the helmets, and they are lying in a large rust-red pool on the floor.

Jiro turns in place and begins a retreat, as hasty as possible while still being silent. Victor's voice crackles in his earpiece again. "Jiro... I'm watching the sensors here... something on PESA... I think the door is energizing. Move!" Jiro picks up his pace and charges through the door amid the sound of machinery; the door swings shut behind him with a resounding boom.