Oi, Jiro, and Archer are gathered in Strang's office, examining the archaic paper book that they found in the hidden room below the fusion torus. The book itself rests in a plastic case on the table to prevent damage, while projections of the scanned pages play out on a wall hologram.

Strang folds her arms and taps her foot as the words on the screen scroll by. "A mysterious fellow, this Parrish. Doesn't tell us anything about himself. It seems obvious he used to work here."

Archer nods. "And also that he was in some inner circle. The One seems obvious; the Saints are less so. Some kind of core group of devotees? The Embassy personnel? Aliens?"

"I doubt he anticipated the anthropological value of his diary," offers Jiro. "Few people have the foresight to even dimly appreciate the importance of their lives to the future."

"Such foresight, I'll note, is a gift I possess." Oi grins rather self-importantly. "I for one know that I shall shape civilization as we know it."

Archer chuckles. "Maybe I should keep one myself, then. Make a nice counterpoint to my pilot logs?"

"He could well be one of the poor souls stacked up in sick bay," Strang comments. "The ones Leandra is examining."

"Perhaps they will yield more useful information," Jiro says. "But I do think that Team Aurora should self-document its efforts; even to us, the importance of our project is clear."

Strang sits on her desk, arms still folded, a pensive look on her face. "We always believed that the Shining One had minimal influence over the Embassies, that at most he advised. He never ordered. This Parrish seems to have some stronger connection than we'd have assumed."

"Well what we know about Mr. Sparkles, and what actually happened, clearly, are two different things. Although it could be that this bloke's delusional. More likely though, he interacted with the One, or some rep. of said One, and got all googly eyed." Oi says this as though he's not quite sure if it'll be helpful, but he at least has something to say.

Archer sighs. "I wonder which one of the Sleepers he is?"

Strang takes a few moments to make sense of what Oi said. "You mean he was just some bureaucrat with delusions of grandeur?"

Oi says, "I don't mean that per se, only that it could be. Who knows? I mean, if I were stranded on a gate with a buncha drones going bug nuts... well... actually I'd have them whipped into shape so fast they'd be going 'Pleased ter see ya Mr. Oi' but erm, if I weren't me, and I were trapped on a Gate all by myself with a buncha nano-auggied bodies and drones, I might go all delusional. Although it seems like this guy's sane enough to me. We'll have to wake him up to find out which."

Strang shrugs. "Maybe Leandra will get a match from the sample of body hair she recovered from that room. Until then... what do you plan to do? The last fuel skimmer for your launch arrives today. You can make the jump any time you're ready."

Archer nods. "But you'll note that he mentions the One and the Saints -before- he was the last conscious survivor. If they were delusions, they predated the Crash."

Archer says, "Hmmm. We're well ahead of schedule, and we can string things out a few days without rousing suspicions back groundside. Let's see if we can ID Mr. Parrish first."

Oi nods, "I'm curious to find out more about what happened..."

Strang nods. "Very well, then. You can feel free to inspect the Sleepers. I doubt they'll make many objections."

As it turns out, Leandra is easily able to match the sample of body hair to one of the Sleepers. Each one is entombed in a sterile life support chamber in the infirmary; the genetics of one of the bodies is a very close match, and almost certainly identifies it as the man who called himself Parrish. Recorded scans reveal that he has very little in the way of real nano-augmentation, compared to the others - some nanodevices to fight disease and aid in the maintainence of bones and joints in a zero-gee environment. Otherwise, the man lies as if dead in his plastic coffin, with dark hair, pale skin, eyes shut, and a blank expression on his face.

Archer nods at Leandra's report. "That matches. He said he didn't have much of his own nanosystems. Do you think there's any chance of waking him up?"

Leandra shakes her head, exasperated. "Halunen, at least, still had his own metabolism. This poor man has as much life as a slab of diamondoid. There might be a way to revive him, if we had access to more powerful nanotechnology."

Observing the state of the man in stasis, Jiro searches his memories for a moment before speaking. "These nanobots.. they are free-floating in the bloodstream, and reproduce themselves? Or are they based out of a 'hive' of sorts, in the body?"

Leandra ponders the question. "It seems to be a combination of the two strategies. A cluster of nanites for a particular function or organ - say a kidney - will have a 'hive' of its own specialized to controlling kidney function. Other organs or regious would have other central controllers, communicating in a network." She summons a hologram from the ceiling that highlights several dozen such clusters throughout Parrish's body.

Archer says, "But he hasn't decayed a bit. It's like the nannites locked everything down. Maybe he's still conscious, even, but at a much slower time rate."

Jiro nods slowly. "And those control nodes, they must be surgically implanted?"

Leandra shakes her head at Jiro. "Not typically. Something this advanced will implant itself. What do you have in mind?"

"Hrmmm." Oi considers this for a while. "Maybe then, the transfusion he took from the sleepers, was some kind of nanothingy designed to keep his body alive while the uhm... he slept? I dunno... I'm kinda lost here myself."

Jiro shakes his head, then gestures with one hand at the body. "Well, let's say I took a blood sample from this fellow and injected it, concluding that it'd put me into suspended animation when the nanobots finished replicating themselves through my system."

Leandra looks upset at the suggestion. "I hope that's a purely theoretical question, Jiro. You aren't considering doing that, are you?"

Jiro laughs. "I am not considering it. But maybe Parrish did consider it. And maybe it worked? That's what I'm asking."

Archer says, "His diary suggest that he did - and this Sleeper here suggest that it worked, at least to the extent of preserving him. Whether we can wake him up or not remains to be seen."

Oi nods. "So then the question that remains is... were these nanites infected by the crash virus, or did they work just fine? Is there anyway you can plug me into him so I can find out?"

Leandra folds her hands and considers. "Well... I think it may have helped that he had some nanotech of his own to start with. I suppose it would depend on a lot of factors - how much the nanites are predisposed to replicate, their specific effects, and so on. I'm not sure it would have any effect on an unenhanced person. You don't have any 'hives', as you put it, that the introduced particles could use to seize control.'

Leandra gestures at the screen, and the scan zooms in on one of the nanite clusters. Even at extreme magnification it's hard to make out details. "We can guess that Parrish injected himself with nanites from one of the other Sleepers. Those nanites would probably have spread by taking control of his native nanotech; they may not have the ability to build a hive themselves. So... it's unpredictable. Ordinarily I wouldn't expect nanotech of this grade to be able to be so infectious, but we don't know the source." She shoots a sidelong glance at Oi. "Although I'm sure some of us have our own ideas on that matter."

Oi blinks, "Shirley, you don't think they've come from me," asks Oi, who then chuckles. "Er, that is to say, I have an idea about where they might have come from. I just wish I could access their systems to find out for sure..."

Leandra switches the display to another series of diagrams. "As I'd guessed, the overall state is similar to the cryogenic suspension used in the early days of interstellar travel, except without requiring several tons of external equipment to maintain. So I'd guess that it's possible to reverse it, if we can figure out how to control it. It also seems likely that someone may have wanted it to be reversible in the future."

Leandra finishes, and stands next to Parrish's coffin, one delicate hand resting on the plastic window. "I wonder who he was. I mean, who he really was. Each one of these fellows has a story to tell. A very old story."

Archer says, "That's the best kind."

Oi nods slowly, "Nothing a good cup of coffe won't cure. Well... if a good cup of coffee is some kind of nanite retro...heyyyyyy now... would it be possible to program some nanites to go into the guy and inject the other nanites with a sort of antivirus? Such as it is..."

Archer says, "Theoretically possible, I'm sure - in fact, I'd guess that's how it's supposed to be done. Now, how do you write that program?"

Oi grins. "Very carefully. Give me a few hours and I'll have it for you. I'll need to come up with a modified probe program first... so as to get a sample of the code I'm dealing with. Now let me see..." already Oi is staring off into space, his eyes sort of fluttering as he makes rapid calculations.

"I've taken some tissue samples," Leandra replies. "We can try it." She turns to Oi. "Nanoprogramming is a difficult task. It could take some time to deciper the code." She frowns. "I'm not sure I'd want to entrust a living person to the tender mercies of men like Beazel."

Archer chuckles. "Why not? They're eccentric, but they're not insane."

Leandra's expression darkens. "If the Australites had proper laws, they'd be criminals. I will not have my patient used as a guineau pig."

"The Australites may be the only ones who HAVE proper laws, depending on your point of view. However, you would not be entrusting the life of Mr. Parrish to someone like Beazel. You'd be entrusting it to me." _And likely, Beazel. But that's beside the point._ Oi smiles. "Anyway... I'll have the code analyzed for you. I have a sort of knack for deciphering these things you know."

Archer says, "And he can run the probe and the test on a small sample. No need to endanger the Sleeper until we're sure it works."

Oi smiles an Australite smile. "Excatly. Besides, if you'd like to make certain my code works properly, we can always test out the nano-probe on someone who we _know_ has working nanites, to make sure it samples properly."

Leandra's frown turns into a scowl. "You keep your hands off of me, Oi Vey. Do not force me to violate my Hippocratic Oath." She snaps her fingers with a flare of sparks, turns on her heel, and stalks out of the room.

The following day, the team is assembled at the airlock of Aurora-1. The walls of the corridor have been turned transparent, or else are showing projections of the docking bay beyond. Stargate personnel are making last-minute checks and preperations. Half a dozen drones and space-suited figures manhandle large crates through the loading locks; ground-service lines are attached and detached from various coupling ports; and, strangely, one of the spacers is up at the nose of the ship scrubbing some dust off of a viewport with an old-fashioned rag.

Strang is in the corridor with you, wearing some kind of dress uniform that seems to just be a cleaned and pressed version of the standard jumpsuit worn on the Stargate, save for the addition of a grey beret. Her blonde hair is gathered back and tucked into her collar, and she also wears an expression of quiet concern as she watchs the swarming workers.

Archer notes the look on the adminstrator's face. "Something the matter?"

"Well of course something's the matter..." Oi looks at Archer in disbelief, "You didn't think this launch would go off without a hitch, didja?"

"Well... I suppose this is what we've been working for all these years," she says. "This will likely be the last we see of you in person for several months. When we first started this project, I would have given my left arm to go where you're going. But... I've gotten attached to this place. I think I'm glad I'm staying here. It's home now."

"It's the nature of man to dwell on the road not taken," counsels Jiro. "Without you, we couldn't do what we're going to do - or attempt, at least. Without us, you'd have a very boring life. I for one am content with my place. I'm glad you are too."

Strang holds up her datapad. "Sorry to disappoint, Mr. Vey. We're on schedule. No glitches with this launch so far. I just think I'd miss the people. Might not be very many where you're going."

Strang nods to Jiro. "I had forgotten your training as a priest." She smiles. "I'll remember those words."

Oi nods, "We'll find out one way or the other." He smiles, "In any case, I am sure I'll miss the lot of you, after we're gone. We'll see you around, I hope."

Strang shakes each of your hands in turn, then salutes, despite the civilian nature of the crew. "Very well, then. Come back soon. I'll be up in Gate Control."

The cleric gestures. "We'll just be over there a ways," he says, winking.

Archer says, "As soon as we can. We'll have all that nice pay stacking up and nowhere to spend it until we get home. It'll be a nice retirement bonus."

For the part of the Coulam Science Officer, this is just another one of those moments of dread and excitement that keep evolution marching on. For a long time she is silent, but at least she raises her voice. "We shall return," she says clearly, "Or we shall not. Either way, the universe shall go on, and at least a part of us shall remain with all those whose paths we have crossed. Because of this, the best parts of ourselves may live forever."

Oi can't help but smile some secret smile to himself as he ponders what events are bound to lay in store for them. He looks towards the ship, then back to Strang. He chuckles, "Well, you know, worse comes to worse you can always say I told you so."

Everyone gathers in the hard shelter at the nose of the ship for the jump. Victor is waiting for you, or seems to have been. His image in the holotank is seated in a meditative pose. His eyes open as you pull yourselves into the cramped space, made more clumsy by the simulated gravity.

Victor doesn't move from his pose, but his words are audible in Jiro's earpiece. "I don't have access to your medical status, but I believe that if I did, I would biological signs of excitement or trepidation. As it is... I commend you on you ability to control your external displays. How are you feeling?"

"Like a reed blowing in the wind," answers Jiro quietly, with a smile. "Excitement and fear are natural. I'm working on accepting them."

Victor considers this for a moment, and nods. "As we seek to be accepted by the Aeon. Our track record seems to be good so far. Do you suppose the Aeons wake to fear, after sleeping so long? Or is it ourselves that bring the fear to the angel, who otherwise knows only peace?"

"I don't know," answers Jiro softly. "That's why I feel fear."

Victor closes his eyes once more, and speaks a final time. "It seems there is no shortage of things to think about on this mission. I suppose that very shortly, we shall know much more than we did before; and that having more of the truth can only be to our benefit."

Archer straps himself in at the abbreviated pilot's station. "We'll know more in just a little while. Everyone ready to go?"

A few minutes later, docking control gives clearance for Aurora to get underway. The big steel shutter under your keel slides open and there's a muffled thump as the moorings release; the rotation of the gate gives you a natural push, and you become weightless as the Aurora 'falls' out of the docking bay.

Oi nods, "Close the pod bay doors Da...er...Archer."

Archer grins. "I _know_ that one, Oi. It's 'open the pod bay doors, Hal'."

Usually gate jumps are gentle affairs; in the days of the Republic, passengers could watch the jump from a lounge in shirtsleeves. This time, however, the Space Agency is taking no chances. You're wearing vacc suits, and are strapped into acceleration couches in the hard shelter at the nose of the Aurora.

Archer is strapped into the command seat of the emergency bridge. The big man has enough trouble fitting into the cramped workstation at the best of times; with the added bulk of the heavy space suit, it's hard for him to sit comfortably. Fortunately, he doesn't need to do much work to guide Aurora-1 to the focus of the stargate. Several minutes pass in silence as Archer fires the maneuvering thrusters to make adjustments to the spacecraft's velocity.

With a final burst from the thrusters, the Aurora stops at the dead center of the startgate. Monitors built into your armrests show views from a dozen exterior cameras and sensors. The bulk of the gate surrounds you, a wall in space a hundred meters tall and precisely five hundred meters away in all directions.

Archer signals gate control that Aurora is ready for jump. Strang herself responds. "Aurora 1, trajectory set for Crossroads Reception Point Alpha, cleared for gate jump within 400 seconds." She pauses. "I guess I don't have to tell you, be careful out there."

Archer grins. "Roger that, Gate Control. Counting down, sixty seconds at .... mark."

Oi addresses Archer, briefly, with a knowing grin on his face. "There's some accounting for taste," he muses, just before turning to try and get a glimpse of the Jump Gate thingummy. "My God... it's full of stars..."

Archer snorts at Oi, but is concentrating on the ship now.

Leandra sniffs indignantly. "Oi, can you not even for a moment be serious? Maybe next time I'll slip something into that suit to keep your mind off of foolish remarks."

Archer clears his throat, in a way that sounds suspiciously like a suppressed chuckle. "Ten seconds. Nine. Eight. Seven......"

Archer falters in his countdown for a moment. "Umm... Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Now...."

Archer's countdown passes zero, and an alarm sounds throughout the ship. It's gone as fast as it starts.

For a moment... time stops. Archer does not sense its passage, nor does he move. He sees the world in a continuous, unblinking moment.

He isn't sure how long the moment lasts. Somehow he is aware of the stars disappearing outside... and then he is aware of an increasing feeling of being watched... he can't move, and he can see only the control panel in front of him, but he is sure that if he could see behind himself, he would be staring into a giant, unblinking eye, as large as half the universe.

And the moment passes. At last, there's a sense of passage from one moment to the next, and time resumes. Archer is seated on the emergency bridge of the Aurora, unsure if he really had the odd vision, or not.

The gate jump happens so fast, it isn't even disorienting. One moment there's the 55 Cancri gate and starfield on the monitor... the next, the starfield is different, and you're awash in the bright blue glare of XR1, the star of the Crossroads system. The pre-stellar gas giant named XR2 is visible in the magnified view on the monitor. The only other indication that you've just travelled more than a parsec, is the sudden absence of chatter on the radio.

"Wheeeeeee." Manages Oi, who has a decidedly confused, if not somewhat ill, expression for a moment. "Erm... right. So that was lotsa fun. Let's do it again? After we check out the Gateworld of course."

Leandra considers, for a moment, how far away the rest of civilization is. "Well, this is about as alone as one can ever get, isn't it?" But she's smiling. After all, this is what she was meant for.

Oi offers, in a comforting tone, "Well you're not really alone Leandra... we're still here with you. So don't worry."

Archer says, "Maybe... first we check for survivors." He looks a bit uncomfortable, an odd expression on his face as he opens the suit helmet. "Did the Jump seem to take a long time to you folks?"

"We have activity out there, people," cuts in Jiro, indicating the instruments and sensors. "Let's figure out what the situation is."

Archer busies himself with checking the status of the ship. He seems a bit distracted, but still quickly concludes that, as far as the vessel is concerned, it's barely noticed the jump. The navigation computer is confused by the lack of radio beacons, but it pegs you as being a thousand kilometers short of the trailing LaGrange point between XR1 and XR2... in other words, just a thousand kilometers short of the startgate.

Jiro tunes a telescope ahead a thousand kilometers, and quickly finds the metalling torus. A holographic window opens near his couch with an amplified view.

The actinic light of XR1 glints off the surface of the Stargate. As predicted, the spin of the giant metallic ring has become extremely eccentric, and the shadows move eerily across its surface as the gate tumbles end over end. The computer chimes, and redraws the projection using image enhancement; some of the shadows turn out to be space junk that has drifted into the gate's gravity well.

"How much of a variation is this from our projections?" asks Jiro, while trying to zoom in on the gate to make an early visual inspection of its condition.

Archer says, "Gate seems to be intact, but powered down and spin is destabilized. Looks like it's about what they expected."

"Archer, are you feeling alright?" asks Leandra. She has her mind on the various read-outs from each person, but Archer is the only one that troubles her at the moment. "If you have a headache I think I can do something to remedy it."

"Hmmm. It's kinda quiet out here too. But then they haven't had any radio traffic from around here in a while," muses Oi, looking around. "Er... hmmm."

Archer shakes his head. "I'm fine now... I had a very odd subjective experience during the Jump. There was no time passage on the chronometers, but I felt a significant subjective time. Did anyone else sense that?"

Jiro shakes his head. "Didn't feel a thing. Once Leandra's certified us fit - which shouldn't take long, I trust - we'll get going on stabilizing the gate orbit. We'll have to do something about that free-floating garbage."

Oi hmms. "Er... no... I can't say I did. Uhm, why? I don't suppose that er... hmmm. Well at least something's unusual about the jump. We can breath a little easier, I bet." Oi checks out the sensors, "Hmm. Maybe this star here is the reason for a lack of traffic from New Queensland. We'll just have to see."

Oi says, "But why are we sitting around puzzling over things?! We've just done what no one thought we could do! We've jumped! Through the gate!"

"I will look you over once we are in a more stable position," says Leandra. "I doubt it is anything serious, but I will certainly examine you, and everyone else."

Medical inspections show that there's little difference in the crew compared to an hour ago, save for a slight eccentricity in Archer's EEG, which has faded by the time Leandra performs her check of the spacer. Her diagnosis of herself goes more slowly, but still turns up no ill effects. The only issues of note are signs of fatigue from wearing vacc suits in zero-gree - but less than one might expect.

"It would seem we are all quite ready for our work," Leandra says. "I will do follow-up examinations on everyone later, though. I have had very few people ever fail under my care, and I will not let that number grow."

Archer plots a course to the Gate, and initiates a short burn with the Aurora's fusion thrusters. For a few minutes, the sensation of gravity returns. The XR System Stargate stays fixed in position on the bridge displays, as the scale indicators mark the reduction in distance. After fifty minutes it's large enough to see with an unmagnified camera, and Archer makes a braking burn. The Aurora is captured in orbit around the Gate, which is in turn trapped by the La Grange point. Insofar as you can be anywhere in space... you have arrived.

There's an odd collection of space junk caught in orbit with you. None of it is particularly large, or particularly heavy - microsattelites; space-adapted drones; even small objects that might be drink canisters. Some of the garbage is stuck to the gate itself; some of it has its own orbit, like your own. None of it poses much of a threat.

"We'll want to be aware of this stuff anyway," counsels Jiro, expressing a streak of paranoia. "Hostile drones getting themselves on board is the last thing we need."

Jiro and Oi prod controls on their console, taking thermographic, electromagnetic, and optical readings of the derilect gate. There's not much in the way of energy readings, save for the bright XR1 star itself... however, some of the solar panels on the Gate seem to be intact and generating when they pass through direct sunlight. The computers indicate there may be enough power aboard to run the lights.

Everyone makes preperations to stabilize the stargate's rotation using the Walkabout shuttles. The plan is to dock the two shuttles at opposite poles of the gate, and fire their thrusters in bursts to cancel out the eccentrities. Oi transfers the data from the sensors to the navigation computer and optimizes the correction program through the complicated six-axis forty-variable procedure.

Jiro keeps a close watch on every part of the stargate with the survey sensors. Within the first hour of scanning, the computer alerts him to an anomoly. Closer inspection shows that one of the docking bays on the outer rim has been forced open, and a small shuttle of unfamiliar design is lodged inside.

It takes the cleric a mere 15 seconds to engage his armor; and with a quick notification of intent, his rocket rifle and sword, he rapidly races toward the docking bay.