Harare, a city of 3 million people, is the capital of Zimbabwe. It is a testament to the everpresent history of colonial Europe that the city was known as 'Salisbury' until 1982 - a decidedly un-African name.

Lexi, Elizabeth, and Natasha find themselves expected at the airport in Lagos by an extremely black man with extremely white teeth. He grins constantly, and his English has a labored accent but an undeniable enthusiasm. He has been paid to deliver tickets to Harare into their hands, see them safely onto the flight, and report back to an authority he calls "Salah of the starry eyes - he said you would understand."

Watching Africa crawl by under the wing of a plane, the three women study the savannahs, the jungles, the urban centers, the tiny villages. Ten thousand years of civilization have been painted in sloppy brush strokes across the continent.

The landing is rough, and upon exiting from the plane, the three detect a foul smell from the distance. It's rotting garbage, they learn after a few minutes of negotiation for travel - the taxi driver explains that vital city services have been unfunded and unsupported for years. "But you can hire someone to remove it from your house for a small fee," he explains as he drives.

Lexi sniffs. "Some of it smells like someone died. What kind of fee to remove that?"

"That is extra," the hack answers. "I don't know how much."

"I wonder if that includes people," Natasha mutters under her breath.

The hotel is a comfortably barricaded refuge from the immediacy of humanity outside. Inside, the travelers find the cocoon of Western privilege they've grown up with - cool water to drink, air conditioning, and all the other pleasant buffers from unwashed humanity that allow one some illusion of dignity.

At 8:13 pm local time, the three receive a phone call in their room. "Connecting you with your party," is all the voice on the other end will say. There's a clicking, and a pause, and Andrew Morgan is on the line.

"So what the hell have you gotten us into this time?" is Natasha's friendly greeting. "You know, I was starting to really dig Mexico, now I'm in a place where amenities include trash removal."

"Natasha? Uh, what are you talking about? Have you come to Africa too?" replies Morgan. "I didn't send for you. I wonder who..." He pauses, then amends his statement. "I mean, I wonder _which_ Sidereal arranged this."

"Well, wherever you go, there we are," replies Natasha. "So did you call me or did I call you? I'm just curious."

"Well, I didn't call you," says Morgan. "So if you didn't call me, someone else conferenced us both. Hello out there, if you're still listening." Another pause. "This actually worries me," continues Morgan, chuckling wryly. "If you were sent for, it means someone thinks I'm getting into something bigger than my mouth can get me out of."

"Yes, well, that's usually the case, isn't it?" asks Natasha. "Fortunately I came with the rest of the reinforcements. That means you have three women backing you up. Lots of trouble."

"Well, it's good to have some of the trouble on my side, at least," Morgan says, sounding happy. "And who knows. Maybe you're here to prove a point, not break heads. We'll have to just play it by ear."

---

Andrew Fleming was a medical pioneer. Tichafa Samuel Parirenyatwa was as well. Each man contributed his name to the hospital which has stood in Harare for decades. Now, the Parirenyatwa General Hospital plays host to dozens of specialized doctors, as well as a branch of the University of Zimbabwe.

Now there is another man whose name might grace this and other hospitals, were his genius recognized. Dr. George Mokembe has declined any involvement in either Celestial or Alchemical matters, according to Morgan's contact Salah. He prefers to teach and to heal in seclusion.

He has an office at the hospital as well as another at the university, but he prefers to spend his time close to his patients. He is an accomplished surgeon, according to the biography on the hospital's Web site.

Morgan spends just enough time observing the goings-on in the hospital to guess at a good time when Dr. Mokembe will be in his office alone, and knocks on his door. "Hello? My name is Andrew Morgan, and I've got something on my mind. Will you hear me out?" he says, making sure the good doctor is alone before allowing his own caste mark to glimmer briefly.

The doctor is a man with ebony skin. His hairline is receding prematurely, but he doesn't bear any signs of premature aging. He smiles cordially until he sees the glowing mark. Then his mouth twists down into a creased frown. "What is it you want with me?" he asks.

"Salah sent me," says Morgan. He's decided to go with a completely direct and open approach, relying on his inherent sense of honesty to carry him through. "He didn't give me many details, though, so I'm personally curious as to _why_ you keep to yourself. Is there someplace we can talk?"

"If he can't be bothered to convey my reasons, I suppose I will have to do so myself." Mokembe thinks a moment, then withdraws a business card from his desk and begins writing on the back with a pen. He presents the card. "You may meet me here tomorrow at 1 o'clock. I do consultation work here and the staff has been good enough to reserve me a private booth from time to time."

Morgan accepts the card. "Thank you, doctor. I'll be here."

The next day, Morgan arrives, still alone, but with his friends instructed to wait outside. He doesn't intend persuasion by force, but if they were sent here, it was for a reason, and it is up to him to find it.

"Out of curiosity, Doctor, how long has Salah been trying to wheedle you into helping him?" begins Morgan. "Has he sent others to try to talk to you, or am I the first?"

The booth is closed off and quiet. Mokembe has ordered wine, and while the two men wait for it to arrive, he steeples his fingers together and looks at the reporter with an intense gaze. "You are not the first. You are probably the most foreign. Listen here, my friend. You must remember some of the same things as I've remembered. Another world, alien gods, betrayal and bloodshed and flame. Terrible, awful times for mankind."

"I remember some, and my guides have told me more," acknowledges Morgan. "I also remember the height of the First Age, and the perils of the Second that, in the end, only our kind were able to drive back."

"Yes, but look around you." Mokembe raps at the table with his knuckles. "This. This place has no such things. No ghosts, no fairies. Only metal men, and even those are apparently led by one of us. And not fifty miles from here, a man who buys and sells guns, and a woman who blew the face off of one of my patients. He simply saw the wrong thing. Now you might say that we can stop such men and women. But we can also become them."

"I doubt the Assembled - the metal men - that are operating here are _led_ by the Solar," says Morgan. "But that's beside the point, isn't it? The point is that one of us works with them." He shakes his head. "I do not understand what madness would drive a Solar to do that..." Morgan pauses, as if something occurs to him. "But... oh dear. I think I know something about whence that madness might come."

"Who will stop this man, hmm?" Mokembe gestures at the walls, a random sweep of the hand to indicate an unknown, unfindable enigma. "If we cannot even restrain the warlords and arms dealers, who will stop a god? Other gods, who can become just like him?"

"There's more to the metal men than you realize," says Morgan, leaning forward. "They came here before us. They have their own agenda, and humans are just a cog in a machine to them. Who will restrain _them_, if not us? We have a job to do here, even if at least one of us has failed to understand it."

"That 'job' is one you've assigned to yourself. How many people have they hurt, Mr. Morgan?" The doctor gestures around him. "There are people everywhere in the world, everywhere! Who consider their fellow men nothing more than pets or pests or tools. What of them? Why are these robots so special?"

"You said it yourself, Dr. Mokembe," counters Morgan. "As much as I may want to... if we try to fix the entire world, we run the risk of creating the very atrocities we hope to prevent. And besides, we do not belong here - and **neither do the robots**. My goal is to see this world restored to what it was - a refuge from the turmoil of magic. Can non-magical humans solve the calamities of the ages? Perhaps, perhaps not. But until we have found a cure for ourselves, we are better off sticking to the task at hand - evicting the Assembled, and then evicting ourselves."

"Do you know the lesson of Rome, Mr. Morgan?" Mokembe asks. "It's interesting. Their Republic was in such danger from outside that they elected a dictator to solve it. Which he did. He even promised to surrender executive power once the crisis had passed. But, _even if he had really wanted to_ - which isn't clear - the citizens regarded him with such high favor that he couldn't step down. Not without destroying the government. What lesson do you think that has for us?"

"That doesn't apply in this case," says Morgan. "If we don't step down, we will destroy this world."

The doctor shrugs. "We almost did before."

Morgan shakes his head. "I'm not talking about dictatorship and murder and atrocity. I'm talking about magical catastrophe. Our very presence causes magic to build up in the world, and it is beginning to overcome Gaia's ability to dissipate it. If we do not leave, this world will be so full of magic that it won't be recognizable anymore. At _best_, it will become just another place like Creation - at worst, the Assembled, in attempting to fix the problem, may drain off the magic of Creation itself."

Mokembe nods. "Then even more reason for us to cease trying to fight, yes?"

"And leave the world in the hands of the Assembled," says Morgan. "The Assembled who wantonly experiment on human minds in our prisons, learning how to take away our individuality. The Assembled who murder people for their organs in Los Angeles, so that they can create artificially enhanced gangsters to work their will. I don't know what the Assembled have been up to here, but I can assure you their intentions are _not_ benign."

"Solars who make gardens out of the entrails of gardeners who displease them," Mokembe counters. "Twisted geniuses who freeze their enemies into stone statues for all time, eternally conscious. You think you're any better than them, just because you personally aren't committing any atrocities _right now_?"

"No, I'm not," says Morgan. "We're not. But _that_ is because we're sick. And we need to be cured."

"Of what?" Mokembe sounds frankly skeptical. The wine arrives, and he pours Morgan and himself a glass each. "Our human nature?"

Morgan shakes his head. "Human nature has its own problems, but the horrors of the First Age go beyond that. There is something wrong with Exalted themselves. In Tijuana, there is a man called Jaguar Hombre. He is Chosen of the Moon, as we are of the Sun. He got hold of a magical Engine that increased his power, and using it drove him mad. But the madness was not in his humanity, nor was it in the Engine. It was in his Exalatation."

"You are adept at making my case for me," the doctor observes acerbically.

Morgan rests his elbow on the table and presses his fingers to his forehead. "Don't you see, Dr. Mokembe? The gods did not make us to be monsters. This is not part of what we were made to be. Something has gone wrong. And now that we have begun to learn that this is true, we Solars _do_ have the power to put it right." He raises his head and stares at Mokembe. "_You_ have the power to put it right. This is a _disease_. A disease of the Exaltation. And with the right tools, _you_ can help to cure it."

"That by itself is something I would undertake," the doctor says warily. "Were there proof available, of course. But I have no interest in this war you wish to fight."

"Then why did you agree to the Exaltation in the first place?" Morgan asks.

"I was told that I could help people," Mokembe answered. "I could save more lives than any mortal doctor. And so I have. But I have also been careful not to exceed that mandate. If I had the choice again....... well, I can't say that I would refuse it, honestly."

Morgan nods. "Well... could I introduce you to some mortal friends of mine?" he says. "They might have some insight into the role you've chosen for yourself."

Lexi adjusts her eye patch as she sits, mindful of what Harmony told her; that she would find the ability to see the truth, or at least to see in stereo. Even with one eye, it's easy to identify the new Solar. He looks distinguished, earnest, and deadly serious - like Marlene, Morgan, Benford, and Diana. _Jesus,_ she thinks. _I should be teaching these guys how to smile._

Natasha doesn't change much for anyone. She is a mix of pure business and impish smartass that nothing the world throws out will cure. "So what's the verdict, happy boys?" she asks. Elizabeth is more quiet, reading faces and restraining herself from anything too cheeky. Well, for the moment.

"This is Lexington Dallas, a fellow reporter," Morgan says. "And this is Natasha and Elizabeth Ivanova. They used to be dead."

"We got better," says Natasha.

Mokembe raises an eyebrow. "And how did this miracle come to pass?" he asks skeptically.

"Why don't we just show him the chair and be done with it, Morgan?" asks Natasha. "I'm no metaphysicist or master of the occult or healing. Our mutual adversaries gave me a shell, I just provided the ghost to go inside. What kind of tests would you like to run? Should I throw a car for you? Put my fist through steel?"

Lexi shakes her head. "I don't think that this man needs that kind of convincing," she says, evenly; then a thought occurs to her. "The man with no name told me that one of the machines did it, in an act of defiance of his own masters."

"I am not sure what I should make of that," she continues. "But I am encouraged that the further these Angels go from the divine, the more their capacity for humanistic disobedience. Doctor, if I may be direct, what do your consider to be your duty?

"The Hippocratic Oath," Mokembe replies. "It's simple. Help those who need it. Do no harm."

Lexi nods. "And I imagine, from Mister Morgan's grimmer-than-usual attitude, that he hasn't persuaded you to ally with him. Us." Doubt flickers across her face for just a moment. "And that's because you've chosen your duty and don't see a reason to change it?"

The doctor laughs, and pours some wine. "On the contrary. I see many positive reasons _not_ to change it."

"And yet, after everything I've told you and agreed with you on, _I_ still think we Solars have a larger job to do," says Morgan. "Why are you so _certain_ that Solar tyranny is unavoidable? More to the point, why are you so certain that we cannot do this simple thing of dealing with the Assembled and returning to Creation, without falling into despotism on the way?"

"And what makes you think doing what you are doing will end any different?" asks Elizabeth.

"A moment, my friends," Lexi waves a hand. She nudges a glass over, inviting the doctor to fill it; it's a good red for the mood - dry and dark. As he does, she continues. "I have to wonder, then, why we were sent here. An ally of his, the man with no name, he tells us, that Morgan will need our help here. But if it's a matter of persuasion, he has sent us unarmed. I won't pretend that I can outthink him, or you. And my stepsisters here, they are charming and can kick holes in tanks. But that doesn't help us here either." She lifts the glass before she continues.

Lexi downs the glass. "Speaking so much is poor journalism, excuse me, but I want this to be said. You Solars, with all your power, irritate me. You act like it's all your decision, whether you will be despots or liberators. It isn't." She points at some strangers across the room, far from the closed booth. "That decision belongs to them." She points towards the street. "And to the people out there." The sweep of her arm takes in the Ivanova sisters, and finally she sticks her thumb at herself. "To us. I will bend my knee to any of you but I will _not_ bow my head."

She picks up Morgan's glass and drains it as well. "So my apologies. I respect your reasons for staying out of the fight, and I would love to hear how your gifts have healed the sick here. But for my part, I think your fears are unfounded." She directs her final comment to both Solars. "You will not enslave us... because we will not let you."

Dr. Mokembe drinks from his wine, swirling it about, staring at the three through the red-stained glass. "You underestimate Solar power," he says directly to Lexi. "In their heyday, my predecessors could and did bend the minds of armies, if they chose. That was their power. Even this man could do it - if he was willing." He nods in Morgan's direction. "All that saves you is his unwillingness to adopt such tactics."

"The last time the Solars did that to a great degree, as I understand it, they were slaughtered. Almost to the last man. That was without being aware of their own danger. You also are ignoring the suggestion that you might fix your problem," says Elizabeth. "Are you unwilling to try to heal yourselves?"

"The tyrants of history didn't have this 'Engine', nor the Exaltation," counters Mokembe. "And they lacked our power. Suppose that we discover one such defect and somehow correct it. How many changes must we make to render our gods safe, without destroying their humanity in the process?"

Morgan says, "I do not warp men's minds because doing so would turn all the world into copies of myself. You cannot arrive at the Truth that way - all you can ever see is copies of your own idea of truth. I could have tried to bend even Dr. Mokembe's mind, though he may have had the power to resist me. But I did not, and I will not." He turns to Mokembe. "These questions you ask - they have answers. If you would come back to Tijuana with us, I can show you the man Jaguar Hombre, and I can show you the machine we used to learn what we know about his madness. You can figure out for yourself what we would need to do to make those changes. Until then, I will ask no more of you."

The doctor turns this over in his mind, reflecting his thoughts through the churning of wine in glass. At last he nods. "Let me clear my schedule, and I will come with you for this much," he says.