It's 10:30 PM local time, Las Vegas on September 24th. With everyone else due back any moment, Jet has stayed put in the room, studying maps and checking alternate routes. She seems satisfied, though. She murmurs softly, "At least we're down to the last sprint. I doubt they are even in the race anymore, but I have to play it as if they were."

Jet looks over at the mirror, and instead of the tired face she expects, she sees the remarkable beauty that she still can't quite believe is the new her. She bites down on her lip and with no other eyes on her, tilts her head, so that her hair dangles across her face, and she toys with it, momentarily distracting herself with thoughts of how she wants her hair done. It doesn't last very long before there's a knock at the door. Three taps in quick succession, followed by three slow. Jet rises to look out the peep hole, then unbolt the door. That's Poe's signal.

Morgan comes in the door, still chuckling to himself about something, though he doesn't say what. He's been trying to stifle amusement ever since picking out the signal - perhaps if Jet ever learns Morse code, she'll find out why. For now, though, he smiles at her, slipping in quickly so that she can bolt the door behind him. "One good thing about traveling the way we did, at least - doesn't take forever to pack," he remarks.

Jet studies Morgan silently for a moment. She has a feeling he's teasing her, but she's not really sure just how. "I guess that is a nice perk. I'm rather used to losing things easily. I've learned to only let myself get attached to the most important things." She can tease right back. "So did you win us a fortune in the nickel slots, or were you just taking a walk around?" she asks. She looks to the clock and sighs. "They better get here soon.. we're supposed to leave in fifteen minutes."

"Hah! Maybe if you could _find_ a nickel machine in Vegas these days," Morgan snorts. "Nah, I was just people watching, careful like. I'd normally have gone for a hand or two of poker, but now really isn't the time, even if I could afford it." He glances at the door. "I think they know what the situation is. They'll be back."

"They are very young, and they are starting to calm down, lose the fear of the attack," Jet notes. "It's good that they can recover so quickly, but we need that fear for a few more hours. We're not out of the woods yet." She turns to look at the door, "I don't know if I will ever be safe in Houston again." She makes for the door again, stopping near it and listening. The knock for the girls is not the same as Poe's. It's two fast taps, followed by three slower ones. Jet is still cautious, and looks out the peep hole before letting them in. "Looks like we're ready to go then," Jet says casually. "Good thing you weren't late, ladies. I was about to make your ride the whole way in the trunk."

Morgan stretches, cracking his knuckles. "Oh, I wouldn't know about that, Jet," he says quietly. "Gangs don't last forever, you know." Before he has the chance to explain the remark, the rest of the girls arrive. He nods to them, chuckling at the 'trunk' remark. "The company's been wonderful, ladies, but if I never have a Vegas vacation like this again it'll be too soon." Though something tells him that he's going to be spending a lot more time on the run, from one thing or another.

Jet pats each of the girl's on the head as if counting them, and she adds a instinctive sniff, just to be sure. As if it wasn't obvious, she announces, "Okay, we're all here. And we're all packed, right?" Naomi laughs and Amy Lynn rolls her eyes. "I suppose we're not allowed to steal the bathrobes then," Michelle murmurs softly. The Full Moon will scoop up her maps and snort, "Let's just get moving. If you are really that set on robes, I can buy you some when we get back." She looks to Poe, "Anything else you need before we go?"

Morgan shakes his head. "Ready to roll."

Jet has already made the preparations to check out without incident. The keys are left in the room, and a different elevator is used to get done to the lobby. It isn't very long at all before Jet's at the wheel again and the vagabonds are making for Frisco, driving through the glare of a Vegas night. "Sometime I do hope we can come back and actually enjoy this place," says Michelle. "It's a shame to be in sin city and barely have time for a single vice, isn't it?" She grins wryly, "Well, at least some of us didn't have time."

Morgan can still manage to blush at that, but at least knows better than to rise to the bait. "It's a crazy town, but there's a method to its madness. Know the method, and you can do all right. But the house still always wins."

Within Jet, Spider only chuckles.

"Let it win tonight," whispers Jet. "The Silver Lady is smiling upon us, and our travels will be safe." The emptiness of Nevada passes swiftly, and Jet finds herself staying mostly on major roads, wanting to find the fastest way. She feels no call to flee inside her, and she obeys her instincts. Speed is more important now. "I wonder if I will spread this much chaos everywhere I go." Jet looks back in the mirror, and smiles, seeing her pack-her kits-are soundly sleeping. "I wonder if this chaos is really so bad."

Morgan mmms softly, yawning a little. "Chaos isn't for everyone," he says. "Most people would rather that tomorrow be much the same as today. But we'd never make progress if not for the tiny handful of people who are willing to buck the status quo."

"True enough," replies Jet. "I guess the status quo has never been one of my things. I haven't made my money in the most respectable ways in the past. I have a feeling that what I'm going to be doing now won't seem that respectable to outsiders, either. That's just the way things go though, isn't it?" She runs a hand through her hair and then rubs at her eyes, "When we get back, I think I'm going to have to give up and sleep for a day straight. Whatever they want me to do, it's going to wait."

Morgan nods, reaching over to touch Jet's shoulder gently. "It's not easy for you to rest, I know. But you obviously need it, somewhere, somehow. If a whole day's sleep doesn't at least help... well, maybe we can find something that will."

Jet looks over to Poe and nods slowly, "I am sure one way or another, things will work out." Her eyes drift back to the road, and for a while, she is silent again, and there is only the light chatter of the radio. But Jet is tired, and talking is helping her stay awake. "I'm guessing that your change didn't really effect your instincts towards people," she says abruptly. "I mean, you don't have a desire to gather a bunch of people together, do you? I have a feeling that's unique to those Chosen by the Silver Lady. I feel like I should have a large family. A pack. My impulses are kinda tugging at me again. I am afraid it's not yet big enough to satisfy me. Kinda crazy, huh?"

Morgan grins. "I don't know what 'crazy' is anymore, Jet," he says, looking out onto the road. "But... no, that still feels the same for me. I just... figure I can reach _more_ people now, in ways I hadn't done before. I'm still me... just more so."

"I have all these stronger instincts guiding me, sometimes it's almost like I know how things are going to go," says Jet. "The one thing that's really odd about it is how fast I've come to trust it. I always had confidence in myself, but this is different." She focus intently on the road, "Like when we were at the apartment in Houston.. everything there was instinct and impulse." She looks back to Poe for a moment, "I wonder what we are really capable of now."

Morgan shakes his head. "I have no idea."

Jet covers up another yawn and mutters under her breath. The hours are ticking away, and the destination is thankfully not much farther. She looks like she can't really take much more, anyway. With stops, the trip takes about 9 hours.. at least the way Jet drives it. Most of the way she is very quiet, only occasionally asking questions, most of which are rhetorical, or unanswerable. No matter how exhausted she might be, the car doesn't swerve for even a moment. "If we ever do this again, I'm going to ride my bike," she mutters softly. Finally they are back. The girls are asleep, working on their second prolonged nap.

---

Watching Jet and her friends sleep, Morgan's post-trip reverie is disturbed by the sound of the phone. He picks it up without thinking, and hears a voice on the other end. "Welcome back from Vegas, Mr. Morgan."

It's a very familiar-sounding voice, though Poe can't place it at all.

Morgan's brow knots. "Who is this?" he asks. It's not exactly the most intelligent of questions, but it's short and to the point. Who would know he'd been in Vegas? He's only barely begun to work out that it might be one of those Sidereals before the voice speaks again...

"I'm not a Sidereal," comes the spoken reply. "You could think of me as .. an anonymous source for right now. A highly-placed one - as high as the sun in the sky, if you'll forgive yourself a little ego."

Morgan sits up straight, and scratches his head. "A-all right," he says, still sounding puzzled. If this isn't a Sidereal, then who is it? "What's on your mind, then?"

"What's on my mind? I think you could say we're of the same mind, Mr. Morgan." The caller chuckles.

Morgan's mind races. _If you'll forgive yourself..._ "You're me? Or a part of me? I don't understand - and if I were me, I'd start explaining, because I know how much I don't like not understanding." He chuckles slightly.

The voice on the phone laughs in response. "'You' are not just Andrew Morgan. Nor are you just.... but we'll cover that another time. Your past and future selves, greater and lesser, are more than just 'Poe'. I am another facet of that. And **I** am not inclined to explain. But I will educate."

"Very well, then," replies Morgan, relaxing slightly. "I'm always open to being educated about something new."

"Call on me when you need a hand," the voice offers. "If you need to reach me, I think you'll find that any number you dial works. And if you aren't near a phone, you may find other ways."

Morgan nods slowly. "When my midnight visitor made me an offer, he didn't mention I'd have houseguests," he remarks without heat. "But it's appreciated, all the same. I have a feeling I'm gonna need all the help I can get."

"Just remember this, because it's important," the anonymous caller cautions. "The resources you have at your disposal may not be enough for every challenge. But you will never be cut off from them. Everything you are as a man, and as a god, is at your fingertips." The voice clicks off; the line goes dead.

Morgan leans back, looking at the cell phone, the word "Unidentified" staring back at him from the screen - as if he expected otherwise. The world has certainly become a far stranger place since that fateful night when the gunmen came. And yet, he knows in his heart that he'd have made the same choice, if he were given it again. Even if he doesn't yet know what greater trials he has yet to face...