Benford calls Schroeder from a payphone in the Sunnyvale Greyhound station. In the early afternoon, nobody is here to see him except one bored ticket clerk, who is probably just as happy that Benford isn't looking for a place to sleep. _If we're going to trust him, we should give him one of Klein's magic phones._

Schroeder picks up on the third ring, and Benford introduces himself. "We have a mutual problem," Benford says. "Those murders in the Monterey area, we believe the perpetrator is one of our visitors. The police haven't been very successful. We might be able to deal with it before he kills again, but we need information."

The agent is silent for a few moments - enough to make Benford worry briefly. "Alright. What do you need?" he asks.

Benford says, "At the moment, only the case files from the local departments. Details of the victims, where the bodies were found... and no interference, for the moment. Unless you want to get personally involved. In any case, if we can predict the next adbuction, we'll tell you, and you can present it to the locals however you like."

"So what makes you think you can investigate this?" Schroeder sounds frankly skeptical. He isn't denying Benford's assertion just yet.

Benford says, "Nobody has more experience with these... people... than me and my associates. We've even managed to have non-hostile contact on a few occasions, but discerning their motives is like wrestling an octopus. I doubt that anyone else in Santa Clara county can claim the same expertise."

"Yes, but I thought you were doing a murder investigation." Schroeder is persisting. "If you're talking about some kind of _diplomatic_ contact, I understand. But do you know anything about the chain of evidence, for example? Are you going to take proper steps?"

Benford sighs. "I'm a scientist of some renown, Agent Schroeder. I understand making arguments and proving cases for very high stakes, and I've spent quite some time reading the penal code." The scientist pulls out a notepad and cites chapter and verse on rulings affecting forensic evidence. "Honestly, whoever writes this should try handling antimatter for a living. It's more forgiving than the average California jury."

Schroeder sighs into the phone. "Alrightalright_alright_. This is weird, but you know.. everything's been weird for me lately. I'm in an ocean of new things but I'm not drowning in any of it. And something tells me that, well.... that you guys could do _anything_, if you had to. Let me do some research, and let's meet somewhere."

"I would appreciate that," Benford replies. "And on a personal note... I understand what you're going through. It seems like the ones who get chosen are always prepared, but never ready."

Benford meets Schroeder, who brings a plastic box full of case files. In exchange, Benford hands him a nondescript second-hand cell phone, modified with Klein's firmware. "We don't think our visitors can tap these," he explains. The two separate with few further words. Whatever exerpiences Schroeder has had lately, he doesn't want to talk about them now.

In the TV shop an hour later, Benford inspects the files. It takes him some time to make it through the grislier crime scene photos; for all he said to Schroeder, there's only so much evil he can stomach at once. _But in the end... this is still a science._ He opens a new notebook and records his observations.

The cases are similar to what Benford was expecting. Organs removed, expert surgical skill, and so forth. The police can't find any direct correlation between the victims.

Benford subjects the cases to an assortment of patterns, none of which bear fruit - analyzing whether the location of the bodies or the dates of the murders match up to any known mathematical sequence, for example.

The reports corroborate Lexi's information - several of the victims were known to be involved in drugs or less savory pursuits. Most of this was established by a search of their homes and computers.

There is no specific ties between the victims' use of the Internet. Their telephone records are similarly free of correspondence.

Benford says, "This isn't working," the scientist mutters. "It looks like random behavior, but there must be a rationale. Something we haven't seen yet."

Benford racks his brains for an hour, then has another look at the photos. "Surgical precision... which implies... a surgeon. And a surgery" He smacks himself on the forehead. "I owe Schroeder an apology."