There is someone that Jet has kept mostly under wraps since her triumphant return from two other words. That is her secret weapon: a powerful, experienced Lunar who calls himself Carbon, son of Barone. It has taken him some time to learn English, but learn it he did. Now Jet is introducing him to the operation in Tijuana, and the confident and casual Lunar has found a particularly choice target for his sense of humor: Newton Benford.

Ever since learning of the Twilight and his mad dive into the maw of the enemy, the Lunar has followed the scientist around, staring at him, fidgeting with books and pencils and things left around the work area, and most disturbingly, seemingly willing to play with the controls of the fusion plant.

Finally, Benford decides to act like he's losing patience, before he loses patience. It's the morning after the "great declaration", and many of the guests are still on site, with more meetings to come. Jet has done a decent job of getting Carbon to dress like an Earthman - for some part of Earth, anyway - but his meddling with a locker of Thorium samples puts a fine edge on things. Benford puts down his clipbaord and rotates on his stool to face the Lunar. "Carbon. We both know that you could, not to put too fine a point on it, kick my ass from here to sunrise. You've met Twilights before, I am sure. Would you like to tell me what's so interesting?"

"Yes. You are completely uh, unspooled. No, unwound. Crazy." The Lunar's accent is not of this planet - he speaks English with a River Province accent, and his word choices are sometimes odd. "And you smell funny. Did you know that?"

Benford frowns. "I have wondered if I am crazy or not, but I do not know anything about smell. What do you mean?"

Carbon drags one of the research notebooks over, then pounds a fist abruptly on the desk. A nearby pencil bounces into the air - just an inch, but just enough - and he snatches it out of its brief apogee. With these tools he begins sketching. "You do not smell like a human. Well, mostly, yes. You smell like a Solar as well. The bright early morning, the dew on the flowers, those things. You have that. But you also have other smells." He shows Benford a picture. In the few seconds he spoke, he's managed to render a convincing image of a bull-like creature with the head and shoulders of what might be a rhinocerous. "A... two creatures together. What is your word for this?"

Benford feels his guts turn to ice. "Chimera," he says guardedly. "Our legends call that a Chimera. Do I... Do I also smell like a machine? Oil and metal?"

Carbon shrugs. "What is a machine?" he asks.

Benford is momentarily confused by the question. "Well... in one meaning, we build them and they do work for us. Most of the things in this building are machines. In another meaning... machines are the nature of Autochton, the Great Maker. They are things made with a purpose, a design, and an intent. So I guess a better question is... do I smell like that? Artificial? A made thing? Maybe like, uh, Cam? Or the Ivanovas?"

"Ah!" Carbon seems pleased. "Yes. But not like them."

Benford says, "And the other Exalted here... Morgan, and Charity, and that one guy, the Sidereal. This is a different smell from all of them?"

Carbon waggles his head. It's a curious gesture - something Benford has seen fellow scientists from India do in some cases. "Yes. They are all still pure, except for Charity. She has the smell of her totem, this is correct. But you are not supposed to have a totem."

"One hundred fifty percent tigress, and don't you forget it," comes Charity's call. She imposes herself with lazy ease into the conversation, making no attempt to figure out what has been said. She looks to Benford, patiently waiting to dispense more of her wisdom should the chance arise.

"Is this at all related to the part where you say I'm crazy?" Benford hazards. "Or is that just because I went to the enemy's camp even though the chances were very good that they would kill me?"

"Carbon here says that I smell funny," Benford adds for Charity's benefit. "I have a bad feeling that I know what he means."

"Chimera is always crazy. I think it happens after," Carbon explains. "You go into the ... eh..." He turns to Charity, rapidly speaking. "That which is in you. The burning of whatever-ness. The unchained. That place. What is the word?"

"The Wyld," suggests Charity. She looks at Benford and draws in a breath. "I'm not able to pick it up, it seems. Carbon's got a much better nose for this kind of thing."

"The rest of my body parts are just as good," the Lunar remarks with a hurt expression. He returns his attention to Benford. "So yes. For a person, to travel to the Wyld means change. Lunar who spend too much time there become Chimera, many creatures at once. I cannot explain."

Benford folds his arms and leans back on the bench. "When I was in Autochtonia... well. I was, literally, two people at once. They put me - Benford - into suspension ... um, frozen time ... and they made Wheeler as a vehicle for my soul. We ... I ... ugh." He rubs his forehead. "I have his memories and he has mine. Bowman commented that we were both Solar and Alchemical at the same time. If Carbon can still see the Alchemical part of me, then I'm still connected to Wheeler. Either he came back with me as part of my Spark, or he's still out there." He frowns again. "To be honest, I'd been trying not to think of it. He smuggled me out of Authochtonia. If they'd killed him for it... well. We don't have time for Survivor's Guilt."

"So. I try to see if you are Chimera. If your instinct dominates. So far it does not." Carbon grins widely. "So you are still crazy. But you are in control. Good! I approve."

Benford stares at the visiting Lunar for a long moment. "Thanks... I guess." Then he shrugs. "I've never been good with instinct. But crazy I can do very well."

Carbon nods. "The Chimera form can be powerful. They can cheat death, you know. So I say to you this. Whatever you catch on your trip through this machine Wyld of yours, use it. It is power - perhaps. Use it the best you can, okay?"

Charity laughs and arches her back in a feline stretch, "So Newton is crazy, but he use his chimera aspects to the fullest. Might as well ride the wave until it crushes you, right? Not like you have much choice."

Benford looks confused. "What are you saying? Am I going to turn into a robot or something?"

Carbon shrugs. "Is that what you want to do with that? If so, enjoy yourself. If not, don't do it."

"No, that's not what I meant." Benford thinks for a moment. "I don't even know what a chimera is. On Earth 'chimera' is just a legend. We have the word but no truth to go with it. How can being split like this bring power?"

"It's not so much a split as a combination," says Charity. "As I understand it, anyway."

"You have strong winds here, right?" Carbon asks, making a twirling motion with his hands. "Winds form into a strong circle, safe at the center. Wind flows between hot and cold. Lunar power is like this. We have two separate things, the human and the beast soul. The tension between them creates power, like the wind. You understand?"

Benford says, "Yes. Many of our wise men tell us to learn how to find the center. So for me, the sides are human and machine?"

The Lunar grins and bobs his head quickly. "Yes, find the center between them. Find the forces that fight inside you. Then it becomes very easy to move them." He demonstrates, holding up then pencil and balancing it on the tip of one finger. With a careful flick of his finger and thumb he sets it spinning rapidly about. "Here. You see. One end goes this way, the other goes that. Opposite, never to meet. Be like this."

Benford nods. "Thank you. You are most wise. I am in your debt." A thought occurs to him. "What about El Jaguar? He's still on ice? That won't do. Is this his problem also?"

"I haven't spoken to him. If he spoke to you in his madness, he is not yet Chimera." Carbon taps his fingers against his leg, thinking intently. "No. He could not be Chimera. Something else has happened to him. You must tell me everything."

"OK, then." He shoots back his cuff and examines his watch. "One way or another we have to figure out what we're doing to do with him. I have four hours until I'm supposed to explain to Dawkins and Gore how we reconcile Essence with the Scientific method. We will tell you everything, and then we will act."

Benford asks Doctor Mokembe to accompany himself, Charity, and Carbon to Jaguar's suite. Perhaps 'bunker' would be a better name. On the way over they tell the whole story to Carbon. "I don't think he's chimera," Benford mentions. "But they say he runs his Engine - the Essence weapons we captured from the Assembled - all the time. Chimera go mad with too much chaos. The Engine makes you mad with too much order."

"This Engine? It does what?" Carbon asks, cocking his head as they walk. And Benford explains, as best he can recall from what he and the others have learned. It doesn't produce more Essence so much as reinforce the essential nature of the user. It makes them more of what they already were. The implication, of course, is that what a Celestial already is has a quality of insanity.

Mokembe, of course, is not terrifically pleased with this idea. "If we are all madmen, there is no hope for the world," he mutters.

Benford has been warned about Mokembe's pessemism. "With respect, sir," he says gently, "I went a long way to find hope. I believe that a world is coming where hope is possible. But for now..." he nods towards the sedated Jaguard. "He's been like this for weeks now. Maybe we have the skills now to do something."

The African doctor certainly knows his stuff. And with the other Solars available, he has nearly limitless resources - at least compared to his former posting. He's already sent away for a number of machines which were installed in one of the empty buildings near the heart of Tijuana. Now is the time to see their use. Hugh is present, watching with a smile, as the group bring Jaguar Hombre into the new containment facility and strap him tightly down.

Deftly, Mokembe inserts needle after needle into the Lunar's scalp. The needles are connected to nearby machinery which monitor brain activity, and a continuous stream of digital analysis plays across a display above the Latino's head.

Hugh approaches Benford, sidling up next to him as the scientist watches the proceedings. "He's a nice guy," the youth remarks casually.

"Hello again," Benford answers. "Which one? Jaguar?"

Hugh grins widely, clearly impressed with himself. Instead of answering, he points at the operating table. "So how's it coming along?"

"I don't know yet." The scientist peers at Jaguar's EEG, looking for patterns... but Benford's specialty is not medicine, and so far there are no breakthroughs. "Jaguar's essentially loony. Mokembe thinks that Exalts spell doom for the world. Carbon tells me that I'm still part machine. I guess... it just seems like one of those days where anything can happen, yes? I feel lucky." He turns his gaze on the young spirit. "Thank you again."

"Well if anything can happen, maybe you can cure your Lunar friend," Hugh says, still grinning.

"He seems to like himself this way," Benford mutters. "In some sense. I don't know, do you want to talk to him? Maybe he needs something for which to aim, other than a glorious death."

Hugh scratches his head. "What's wrong with a glorious death?"

"This death isn't very glorious," says Charity.

"Besides, nothing seems to kill him," Benford adds. He sidles over to a computer terminal and begins tapping at keys, writing a visualization program on the fly.

The youth grins and shakes his head. "Oh, you never know. Finding a cure for some hypothetical Celestial madness at the price of your own life? That's pretty good."

"It's not very glorious while the madness remains only hypothetical, is it?" asks Charity. Not that she really is trying to make a point, she just likes talking to Hugh.

Hugh taps his chin. "That's true, it could just be that _he_ is broken. Althoooooouugh....."

Benford leans on the terminal as Mokembe places more sensors on Jaguar, with all the care of a bomb squad technician. So far Carbon hasn't weighed in, but he's sniffing the air curiously. "Although, do you notice in the stories they tell us about Creation, how Celestials always seem to have their moments of madness? Terrestrials, too, for that matter, based on their elemental aspect. Like connecting too big a battery to too small a lamp. You burn twice as bright and snap twice as often. And we all burn so very brightly."

Hugh nods. "And really, if it was just Jaguar, why did Davron build his chair thing?"

Benford says, "We're told it's because one of his ancestors was Ming the Merciless or something." Benford snorts. "Bloody hell. I was standing right there. If I'd know that was _the_ Davron? He wouldn't have gotten off with a few soft questions about the Lands of Light."

"So you think we're.." Charity frowns in thought. "It's happened to me," she whispers. "Newton, when I met Jaguar and defeated him I used the engine and something strange happened to me. I treated Poe horribly on the trip back."

Benford says, "And I felt quite jittery, the night we came back from Infrared, when the Supervisor told us all about the problems with the Core." He taps a few more commands into the computer. Jaguar's brain activity is chaotic and inscrutable. "As Junior said. We went straight to Sparta. Jaguar, especially."

"It was.. horrible," Charity adds quietly. "Do you think the engine will always do that to us? I've used it a few times without trouble. All of us have."

Benford has a long, uneasy look over at Jaguar. "Most drugs are safe, in a controlled dose," he murmurs, thoughtful. "So what's LD50 on the Engine?"

"Hah, that sounds like your problem," says Carbon, looking up. "Remember your pencil. Two forces in opposition. If this Engine makes you more of that, what do you get?"

"Good question," Benford answers. "Can we measure that? This data we're collecting is all neurological in nature. It won't measure raw essence, but if it's in the brain... hmm.

Charity falls silent for a moment and focuses her words inward. "Snake? Are you picking of this up? If we use the engine are we putting ourselves in any danger that you know of?"

Snake's voice is quiet. "Hey, based on what these guys are sayin', I can't make no promises. But if bein' outta balance is what makes it dangerous, chica, you've been a lot worse off before now."

Charity nods and projects silently, "Thanks. I can't argue much with that one." She comes out of her little private conversation and announces, "Well, it seems the engine doesn't know the answer when asked directly."

"The forces in question sound psychological, not neurological." Mokembe is speaking to Benford, but watching his screen. "The idea of a separate mind or soul is a hard sell, but I'm forced into belief by observation. In that model, the chaotic neural activity is consequence, not cause."

Benford replies Mokembe. "My associates tell me that Jaguar has expressed consent to experimental treatments. Put bluntly, he doesn't care if we risk killing him, if it serves a good purpose. I don't really want it to go like that. But if there is some kind of measurable phenomenon here - measurable in Essence terms, anyway - we may learn a lot from studying the interaction." He shrugs. "I've put my soul through a blender already. Anything we do to him, I consent to also be a subject."

Mokembe nods slowly. "We... we will do what we can for this man."