The music from the club is fading into the background, while the cab Xin is riding back in heads back towards the motel. There's a slightly worried look on the Solar's face as he calls back to Jet's family, and the breathless seconds between rings slip by glacially. "C'mon... pick up..."

The cab abruptly lurches to a stop. The engine has gone completely dead, and the surprised cabbie begins to curse.

"We should get out now," says Xin. As he speaks he's already moving to open his door and step outside, leaving the weight of authority in his voice and actions to compel the cabbie to follow suit.

"Hey, don't leave until you pay your fare," the man replies in a surly tone. Nevertheless, he's out and walking back toward the trunk.

"Right." Xin follows him towards the trunk, and reaches for his wallet as he does so. He starts to pull out his card, realizes what he's about to do, and pulls out some crumpled bills instead.

"It sounds pretty dead to me," says Xin, who looks down at his phone. "So's my phone. Piece of crap." He shakes his head and throws it off to one side of the road. "I thought I saw a gas station back that way, you go and see if you can find a phone, I'll check down this way, just in case. Okay."

The cabbie sighs. He goes for the cell phone in his car, while Xin moves away.

Xin puts as much distance between himself and the cab/bie as he can. He keeps an eye out for a replacement, though. Someone else to get him to the motel as quickly as is possible.

The stuntman travels a few city blocks. He's without his phone, but he still has cash. Overhead, the street lamps begin to flicker intermittently. A few stay on, while two others begin to blink regularly.

_Sarah, are you there? Can you tell if there's anything unusual happening in the Lands of Light around here?_ Xin looks around warily as he starts to pick up speed a little, moving away from the flickering street lamps.

"I think they're coming for you," the girl's voice answers, promptly.

_What about Jet's family? The flats where everyone is now... are they safe?_

"I don't have any way to know. I'm sorry, Mr. Lao."

_That's understandable. I hope you'll understand, and not take offense when I say I hope I do not need you any further tonight._ Xin starts towards an alleyway, something, anything, to get him out from plain view of the streetlights. He can try and shake whatever's following him in the shadows of the city. Hopefully.

Xin attains an alley. It's dimly lit, with a series of doors spaced irregularly along its length - the back doors of the offices and shops that line the street. As he walks, he catches sight of a private surveillance camera. It begins to swivel, slowly and meticulously lining itself up with his path. And off to his right, the magnetic security lock on one of the doors disengages with a very audible 'click'.

The 'click' sends Xin into action. He makes for the fire-escape, running up the wall to get a little extra height before he leaps. There's a dull clang as he lands.

Xin climbs and climbs, reaching the third story of a brick shop. Below him, in the darkness of the alley, he can hear the unlocked door creaking open, and a pair of footsteps enter the alley. The footsteps are drowned out by the abrupt startup of the air conditioning unit on the roof.

He looks around, getting a feel for how close the other buildings are... any possible avenues of escape. "Well... come on then," he says, "I'm here. You're probably not going to give up until you find me. So, here I am."

Despite his challenge, the air conditioner continues to whine. No other undue sounds bring themselves to his attention. The fire escape does not creak or groan, as it might if someone were ascending.

Xin looks over the edge of the building, back down towards the source of the footsteps.

The alley is empty, but the door swings gently on its hinges.

Xin heads for the roof of the building across the alley, and then beyond. He wants to get a little further, away from the swinging door. As he leaps across the night sky, he asks, silently, _Sarah, do you think they're trying to use me to find out where the others are hiding?_

"Do you think they already know?" she asks silently, sounding worried. "Isn't that the number you dialed?"

_I.. I need to get over there then, and fast._ Xin makes his way back down, headed for the bright-lights of more active parts of the town. "Taxi!"

Xin slips inside a bar unceremoniously. He pays, with cash, for a drink, and takes care to spill it on and around himself in a relatively quiet corner. He accosts the bartender after a few minutes, and informs him that he is unable to drive home, which is true. "I need a cab," he slurs, giving an address near to the motel.

The bartender nods perfunctorily, reaching for the rotary handset. After a minute on the phone with a taxi dispatcher he seems to know on a first-name basis, he hangs up. "Sure thing, Mr. Lao. It'll be waitin' for you out front in a few minutes." He raises a hand, flagging one of the bouncers to help the 'inebriated customer' to the door.

"I didn't tell you my name," replies Xin, trying to hide the worry that sets in at this. He's got no choice though, he's got to get to the motel. He allows himself to be helped to the door, and waits for the cab.

"Are you kidding? Jeff here loves your stuff!" The bartender laughs and goes back to his business. The bouncer - 'Jeff' - seems almost subservient. "Mr. Lao, I'm, uh, I'm a big fan. You know, when I get my big break? I wanna be a stuntman too." The large man smiles bashfully as they reach the door. "Hope you come back again sometime, okay?"

"Oh, yeah! Definitely," he says. "I didn't know I had fans over here." While he talks, Xin looks around, keeping a careful eye on anything terribly technological. Just in case.

"Work in Hollywood's kinda upscale, y'know? I don't know if I'm ready for it yet.." Jeff makes aimless, friendly, hopeful conversation for the few minutes it takes the taxi to arrive. "You take care, Mr. Lao!" he says by way of farewell, as Xin closes the taxi door.

"Thanks," replies Xin, somewhat weakly. _The cab is still running, at least._ Xin gives the address again, "As quick as you can."

---

Xin makes his way unobserved to the motel. No further anomalies seem to have pursued him. However, he finds the room abandoned. Suitcases, clothing, even a half-empty can of Diet Coke that's sitting on the television, all attest to the room's occupants. But of people, there is nothing to be found. Nor can Xin detect blood, hair, shifted furniture or any other sign of struggle. To his eyes, the room was abandoned voluntarily and quite quickly.

A further search yields no sign that any of the machinery - television, microwave, or appliances - are missing parts or malfunctioned. It seems that no Assembled have manifested here.

_They got out. Good. Glad someone was thinking. Does it still seem like they're closing in, Sarah?_

"I can't feel anything. I hope everybody is all right," Sarah says quietly.

_I need to find the others._ Xin looks around the room again, and then out into the parking lot, just to check and see if either of the vehicles are still present.

The vehicles are gone as well.

---

As soon as Jet had word that her family was in even greater danger, she changed her state of mind. The road unravelled and the world became nothing but an obstacle. With only the slightest of communication explaining what she was doing, she started her trip. She has no idea how long her bike can handle pushing 140 on shitty roads, but she means to find out. With an eye on the temperature gauge and the rest of her attention devoted on staying on the road, she cuts the shortest line to Frisco she possibly can, rocketing past regular commuters as if they were speedbumps.

Jet has no time for police, but knowing the right path is something that has always been her knack. Cruising at the insane speeds she is and gifted with the manueverability of a motorcycle under the control of a gifted rider, she is a nearly impossible target to get a fix on. "Come on you piece of shit.." she growls under her breath.

---

Normally the trip of 500 miles is followed by a nice, long rest. For Jet, it's punctuated only by a flurry of activity. She forces her way into the first safehouse, taking the time only to scent the air. That and what she sees tells the story. They are gone, and leaving in fear means they will not return. Still, they left in good order, which isn't hopeless, and she smells nothing abnormal that might hint of pursuit.

This being done, Jet leaves a message, just in case. She scratches the bottom of the door with her strange hand. It is a meaningless gesture to most, but to those who know her, it is a hopeful sign. The Full Moon has returned and she's angry.

The trip to the next safehouse is no less rapid or wild than the long voyage to the city. Jet is careful this time. She can hear that the place is not empty, but is soon able to catch the most clear scent and reveals herself, "Xin? You better not be dead! We have shit to do."

"I'm not dead," replies Xin, who seems so relieved to be in touch with, well, anyone. "We gotta find 'em. I checked the first one, am guessing you have as well. I don't suppose you picked up on anything I missed?"

"Nothing but fear," replies Jet. "We have new fish in the pond. The FBI is going to be on the White Rabbit's ass. One of the walking toasters has infiltrated." She draws in the air deeply, trying to make some sense of what she detects. Trying to find a trail to follow. "I hate the smell of this city, by the way."

"Yeah I think I saw him," says Xin, who describes his encounter in the Lands of Light while Jet sniffs around for clues.

"Damn, can't pick up shit here." She looks to Xin with a frown, obviously wondering just what the hell has been in his head. "I'm gonna have to get on all fours to try and crack this case." With a shifting of her flesh, she is one with the dog, the world turning into a land of muted colors, but alive with scents that no human nose could ever detect.

The eyes of the dog close slowly, and Jet lowers her head to the floor. The circuit starts with a deep snuff of Xin's clothing, hunting not just for the scents of Jet's family, but to flood her nose with his scent. Armed with this, she is able to ignore Xin's trail that inevitably has filled the safehouse. She focuses on making a circuit first, scenting windows, to see if they have been opened, the tv, to see when it was last on, the remote, to see when it was last used, and by whom. She takes a long draw on the phone, which she hopes was never picked-up. The trail is one that covers the safehouse no less than three times, and only then does Jet stop, knowing she has done all she can.

Jet pauses before Xin a moment, then turns, leading him slowly at first, and once he shows he's smart enough to follow 'lassie', she'll run as fast as she can. She knows they haven't gone long, and she can move faster than they can. The race is on, and with her nose to the wind, Jet charges forward, her eyes glowing with a fire that no hound could ever match.

---

The abandoned arcade is not so abandoned. The lights have always stayed on, despite the "CLOSED FOR RENOVATION" sign out front. Nobody really notices the workmen who sometimes come by. A few shadowy figures will never be minded. Jack is out front having a cigarette. He smiles as the pair arrive, but gives no outward sign of recognition. He simply turns and walks away; the arcade door will be open. This is expected.

Jet snuffs at Jack a moment, cocking her head in the way dogs are wont to do before finally trotting forward. It sure looks promising so far. She'll pass into the arcade, no longer waiting for Xin, but rushing ahead, following that trail as much as she can.

Waiting inside are the girls. They recognize Xin, but they look at the dog uncertainly.

Xin waves, "Glad to see everyone's doing fine. Jet'll be along shortly, I'm sure she's anxious to see you."

Naomi is the first to speak. "Is that Jet's dog?" she asks curiously. Shaking her head, apparently confused by her own question, she smiles. "Anyway, we're all okay."

The dog snorts at this and runs in circles around Naomi, pausing a moment to be petted before stopping suddenly. The creature straightens its ears as if hearing something, then darts off as Jet goes to.. well, pretend to greet herself. Her absence is momentary, and then she's rushing in with a smile to greet her family. The hugging and kissing come before words.

"Everything's kinda safe here, for now, right?" Xin asks this without really expecting an answer. "We'll want to move after a while... I've got to get in contact with our other friends, wherever they've gone, and let 'em know I have something for 'em."

"However you plan to do that, do it way the hell away from here," warns Jet. "Unless you have the tricks that the others do. We can't take any chances. Oh, and we need to find out where the White Rabbit is. Assuming she's still in one piece, she's going to need some rescuing, I think."

"Alright," says Xin. He steps back outside and walks off in the direction Jack wandered off. Jack's been the liason between the two, and likely knows where the other Sidereals can be found.

---

The restaurant's private booth is closed off, paid for with another of Meyer's cooked credit cards. Meyer himself is absent, "looking into something" as Barry puts it, but Barry himself, Mary, Timothy, and the girls are present.

Jet and Xin lay it all down, from first to last. Barry listens calmly, patiently, watching the Solar and Lunar and asking no questions. Finally he speaks. "The FBI isn't going to find the White Rabbit, unless or until we say so," he says at last. "We didn't want to do this, but I think it's time to explain. And I'll explain why we didn't say anything before."

"Mary and the White Rabbit are the same person."

Jet looks at Barry as if he just told her that the world was flat while growing a second head. "Uh." She looks to Mary, then back to Barry. "No they aren't." She's positive. "That's ridiculous. How stupid do you think I am?"

Barry smiles gently. "Jet has a dog that looks like Jet. Did you know that?" He directs this question to the girls, and it's Naomi that nods first. "Pets can look like their owners." He stares directly at Jet, boring into her eyes with a gaze that seems to speak without words. _Get it, get it, we all are more than we outwardly seem,_ he seems to say.

Jet arches an eyebrow, turning to sniff none too subtly at Mary. "Why the hell did you give me so much shit that one time, anyway? I was about ready to attack you, ya know?" She's either buying it, or she's just testing Mary to see if they are screwing with her mind.

Mary says nothing, but looks down at her plate of food. Barry speaks instead. "This isn't something she can talk about, Jet. It's bad karma for anyone to even know. There's consequences, repercussions. She's going to pay a price for this, and not from you or anyone else. Okay?"

"You guys are such a pain in the ass sometimes," replies Jet. Whether they want to be or not. "You screw with my head and now I gotta drop it." She does her best, "Anyhow, since that's handled.. what's the best move here? Do we cut and run? It doesn't seem right to take on the heat, and I don't know if we can turn them away from their fake lead."

"If we can't, we'll need to rely on Mr. Blissett," says Barry. Even with his calm demeanor, Jet and Xin can sense that this isn't how he wants things to happen. "They aren't really after _us_, after all. They're after a figment of someone's imagination. I've come to respect law enforcement a great deal. They know a red herring when they smell it, once enough time passes, and what's been dragged across our trail here is the reddest you can get. We may just have to wait it out."

"But where is the best place to wait?" asks Jet. "I am concerned about my whole family, and there is one who is hidden away in another place that is very vulnerable." Still, there's something about Roger that makes Jet believe that the assembled have no prayer of finding him or anything he might wish to hide. "Also.. are the girls at the Gold Club safe? I know we kinda buried the truth of ownership a bit, but I'm still concerned."

"If we can't think of a logical motive why someone would want to hurt them, I think we're in good shape." Barry sounds confident. "Anyway, we'll work out where to stay...." He glances up. Someone has approached the private booth. Xin looks up as well.

The stuntman recognizes the face, the build, the attire. What he doesn't recognize is the friendly voice and smiling face. "Hi there, ladies and gents. Special Agent Rod Philips, FBI. Have a moment?"