Wheeler and Mr. Blank vanish, unopposed, into the depths of the Lands of Light. Never space as the Exalted knew it, the realm of ideas seems to swallow them whole. But there are more important issues.

As Benford understands the Lands of Light, everything that anyone is thinking is represented here. Somehow, one of those ideas is a portal to Autochtonia. So he concentrates, seeking out the threads of the Song running through this particular piece of the real of ideas, so it can be found later.

Watching the quarry vanish into thin air like that makes Charity curious. Since she has a few moments while Benford is doing.. something, she decides to test a theory. Her being reaches out to examine the space-concept that they just vacated. She wills all that is there to move through her senses, which she forces into the shape of an fine series of filters, each bent to capture a certain hint of essence.

All that there is, even in the form of light and thought, is far more than Charity finds she can get ahold of. She can feel the inconceivable weight beyond, but no more than a tiny fraction of the 'space' around her can she grapple with.

Failing that attempt, Charity turns her senses inward and on herself, examining exactly what, if anything, marks her own presence in this particular 'place'. All her senses turn inward as she looks for some trace that is more than just thought, willing herself to run her being through itself like the teeth of a comb.

What Charity 'sees' is a million threads woven together, an evershifting tapestry of colors and variations. And each of them runs off and out into the 'distance' of this place.

The Full Moon studies this being that is her, drawing it across her soul and breathing it in. It is too complex to visualize what she seeks, but perhaps this other sense will do the same. She turns to Morgan and says, "This may feel strange." She reaches out with every fiber of her being and weaves herself around Morgan, the nigh infinite threads that are her seeking first to surround, then to flex about and encase the Solar. "The spark is the key," reverberates through every mote of her.

A handful of threads reveal themselves to Jet to begin with, but quickly the Lunar realizes the difficulty of her search here: in a land of ideas, how can she separate those who think about Lunars, or wish they were, from those who are? It seems possible, but it will not be anything approaching a matter of hours, or even days, to accomplish.

Charity draws back and sighs. "This is not something I can do without more practice," she admits at last. "We don't have the time for it right now. We need to get back, deal with the nuke quickly and either find what we need or get serious about Ranapura."

The 'return' to Mexico City is uneventful. The Exalted find themselves regaining awareness of their surroundings in the presence of the Man. "You're looking for the device," he says immediately. "We found it. Ricky's agonizing about what to do about it. And there's something else you should see."

He leads the way to one of the subchambers of the Alchemicals' underground fortification. Inside are stockpiles of devices of all shapes and descriptions, which defy easy classification - Alchemical technology, by the look of it. And at the center of the chamber is another man-sized Vat. What's most interesting is what's inside it.

The Vat is filled with a liquid, which Charity and Benford both recognize from their experiences in Autochthonia. In that liquid floats a man, or something like a man, whose body has been partially replaced with metallic limbs and tissues. He is a different sort of cyborg than the organ-spinner of Doctor Engel produced; the metals which are embedded in his flesh are distinctly unnatural, and seem to shine gently with an internal light.

"Who and what are we looking at," Benford breathes.

"Well, it's clearly Autochthonic in nature," says Morgan. "But... among other things, why is it inert? Why wasn't it activated and used against us?"

Benford says, "Maybe because it - or he - isn't our enemy?"

"Dunno what they were trying to do. Cam seems able to interface with some of the crap in here," the Man replies. "I told him to start searching files. But if you look at him..." Even when prompted, it takes a moment for the Exalted to notice. His features are the same, but the beard and most of his hair is missing. The man is Usamah bin Muhammad bin Awad bin Ladin - the American FBI's most wanted terrorist.

"You have to hand it to the Alchemicals, they know how to pick the winners," says Charity.

Benford chokes. "Oh, you have got to be fucking kidding me."

"And I thought finding a nuke under Mexico City would be the biggest news this month," says Morgan, astonished. "If word of this gets out, people are going to go apeshit." He grins, taking refuge in wit as he so often does. "It's a good thing I'm not still mad. I'd probably have tried to turn this into the Alchemicals being in league with Al Qaeda."

The figure in the tank trembles slightly. A faint sigil begins to appear on its brow.

"You gotta be kidding me," mutters Charity. "If he's one of us.."

"Well if we thaw him out and it turns out he's a Celestial?" Benford asks. "What happens when people start saying that WE are in league with Al Qaeda?"

"If he's a Celestial, he's probably got very different views on Islam," Morgan says. "I think we should talk to him before we go off half-cocked."

"He belongs to Luna now," says Charity. "But what have they done to him?" She growls under her breath, disgusted by the blasphemy.

"Experimentation with Lunar regeneration," announces Cam, entering. He wears an air of distraction, 'reading' the Alchemical lore of this place in some fashion. "They want to see if Essence-infused implants can mesh with his body."

"I doubt it," murmurs Charity. "I wonder if Mokembe can get them off without causing much damage."

"Well," Benford begins. "We did come here looking for a way to remove Alchemical implants. So... Oh, hell. If we decant him is he going to flip out and kill people? Because if not, we might as well get this over with."

Morgan says, "Half a dozen of us and one of him? I think we'll be fine."

"In fact, he's probably how they figured out how to make those things," Cam volunteers. "I'm looking to see if there's any research notes that I can get access to..."

"We shouldn't rush to judgement. He was deemed worthy by Luna," says Charity. She nods to Cam, and urges, "Just be careful. Wheeler may not have blown us up, but I wouldn't be shocked if he had some other clever traps in place."

Cam groans. "Someone has a really stupid sense of humor. Oh man, the Mexican Catholic church is going to crucify us."

"And after I wheedled a sainthood for Esperanzita out of them too," Morgan says, dismayed. "What now?"

Benford snorts. "We've got a nuke and bin Laden in a can. I wouldn't blame anyone for trying to nail me to something." He walks over to where Cam is standing. "Let me give you a hand with the hacking. The sooner we get this done the sooner, we can start picking up the pieces."

Charity turns her attention back to the Man, her eyes locking on him, "There is something more immediate. We need more exalted. We are going to Ranapura."

Cam lets out a long sigh. "I will. But um, basically the idea presented in this document here is to get Lunar biological specimens and program them with a counteragent. You need to give the people of Tijuana a living sacrament."

"You need my blood?" murmurs Charity. Her eyes remain on the Man.

"By my count, with this fellow, we're short a Lunar and a Solar," Benford calls. "But given circumstances, I'm a little afraid of who will turn up next."

"That's one way to do it. But from what I'm reading here...... Eh, I can't follow this." Cam sighs. "Dr. Benford, I'll give this to you in a more accessible form. We can't just dice up the world's Lunars and feed them to these people. I get the feeling that this cure would _work_, but it's just another way for this Wheeler to give us the finger."

Charity smiles, "I don't think Wheeler wants me dead. Yet." She walks up to the terrorist in the bottle and raises a fist, "I don't care who you were before. No Lunar will live in an Alchemical cage. You will run with my pack as my brother now, or I will bury you here." She brings her fist down like a hammer to free the trapped Lunar.

The vat shatters. Liquid begins draining out. It doesn't take much for Charity to extract the half-metal body, nor for Benford to realize that this man will die in short order without medical supervision.

There's plenty of stuff nearby for Benford to work with; indeed, this part of the lab was dedicated to this man's continued well-being. And Benford finds out something else: the signs of cosmetic surgery on his face. Is he who he looks to be?

Benford grinds his teeth, torn between helping the poor victim, and... what, exactly? He's clearly not a threat to anyone at the moment, if indeed he has been to anyone since 2001. "Alright. We save him. But if the next jar has Jerry Falwell in it he can stay there."

---

"Allah be praised," are bin Laden's first whispered words upon regaining consciousness. "The devils are gone." His eyes flutter open. He lies on an operating table in Mexico City, set up by Benford to try and work with the implants which are prepared to kill him. The man's gaze gains focus and he looks at Benford. "God spoke to me in a dream, and he said you had rescued me. My thanks."

Benford purses his lips, and chooses his words carefully. "The ones who had you, the machine-men, they are my enemies as well. My name is Benford. I am in the role of your physician and I will not harm you." A pause. "What else did God say to you?"

Benford has found what may be a workable solution. Literally, a solution - based on the otherwise-uncredited notion of homeopathy. A tiny sample of Lunar tissue, infused with a faint amount of Essence, should still be sufficient to trigger the withdrawal of the infection from the cortex. The rest will be a relatively simple matter of surgery - which becomes childishly easy given the technology now at Benford's disposal. So much for the transsubstantiation; a little holy water will suffice.

"God said.. that I was to take up a new holy war," bin Laden whispers. "I am to have allies. I understand the truth now. But.. I have forgotten so much."

Benford sighs. _I can't hate him. He was a genuine bastard before, but not the only one. And he's literally been through Hell._ "In my experience, understanding of the truth is something that may be gained and lost many times. In the same way, every war must have its end. Otherwise, we all end up in line at the gates of Hell. And you've seen what that's like." He gets up and pushes the call button to alert the others. "Beyond that... we shall see."

Charity does not have far to come to join Benford. She enters the room in silence, her eyes seeking out that of the other Lunar. She watches him carefully for many long, awkward moments without saying a word. A pure silver disc bursts alight on her brow. "I see you have survived. What is your name, brother?"

"U... Usama," the man answers, though he sounds uncertain indeed of such a thing. "Son of...." His brow furrows in pain. "I don't know. God have mercy on me for forgetting my family."

"Don't confuse him," Benford says quietly. "It would be unwise to pile too much on him at once."

Charity nods to Benford. "I will be patient, but my kind accustomed to weathering such things as this." She walks closer to the patient and sets a hand on his shoulder, "Luna has saved you, Usama. Do not strain yourself yet. Time will grant you your memories, or perhaps time will not. In either case, you have a family, if you wish it."

---

"Your friends in Africa have presented us with a gift," the Man reports, having gathered the Celestials together. He speaks to Mokembe, but also to the wider audience. "Wish I had some idea of what those fuckers are up to over there. They're still disrespecting me, but they at least told me this much, so I called the Shadow Synod and got their asses on some airplanes."

"Solar and Lunar. Together. Both Chinese, I think. No, one's from Tibet - that's why it confused me. Married, or at least schtupping each other with no regret." The Man shrugs. "Not like it's any of our business, just that nobody should get any ideas. So they'll be arriving in LA tomorrow. Which means one thing: road trip."

"Time to short sell insurance companies," murmurs Charity.

Benford says, "'Canned food and shotguns', my mom used to say."

"Aw, we aren't going to fly?" cracks Morgan. "And I was hoping to get another chance to meet Mr. Blank."

The Man snorts. "Fuck no we ain't flying."

Benford says, "Last time he brought a nuke. Speaking of which. Are we going to tell anyone about that? The election is imminent. Contrary to conventional wisdom, there's a good reason to get it out in the open."

The Sidereal stares at Benford. "I don't know. Who is on your short list to tell about a nuclear device?"

"I think we might want to take it to Ranapura. If anything we could throw it in the sun a lot easier from there." When in doubt, Charity turns to Superman movies for her ideas.

"You once told me that the kind of 'progress' we've had in the previous century wasn't an accident. People have been living in fear of the bomb for over fifty years. And lately we've had to put up with all that '24' bullshit. It was always an outrageous scenario... but now it's happened. Nobody died. Mightn't we point this out to the public and suggest that they, I don't know, stop listening to the people forcing them to live in fear?"

The Man shrugs. "That's your call, man. You own it."

"That's something we can address when we finish," suggests Charity. "But I agree with the idea of being open about things. For now, though.. I have a laser focus. Let's get to Ranapura. I know there has to be something amazing there for us."

Benford nods. "Thus be it, then."