Poe once again falls into a meditative trance. From the reaction of his fellow Exalts, he must have had some success - they had all seen the faint glowing lines enveloping his body - and now he must find out what that success means. _Can you hear me?_ he thinks, focusing the words on the mental construct he formed - or discovered - to represent his 'visitor'.

_Of course I can! What's up?_ asks Eddie.

_We've harmonized now, I take it,_ replies Poe. _What more can you do for me at this point?_

_At this point? Well, I can answer questions about human culture, provide you with the illusion of real emotions by suggesting actions or word choice, or provide an Essence boost via the Engine. That's normally only for fighting, though._

At least one of these functions is familiar, and the second is something Poe will only use when he's trying to reverse-engineer the invaders' mentality. _Tell me more about the Engine,_ he asks.

_I'm not sure what I can tell you, other than how it works. When you need Essence to channel, I can provide it for you. I can also renew your Essence supply at such times._

_Is the Engine a part of you, or something distinct?_ asks Morgan.

_Neither. Or both._

Through further questioning, Morgan asks and probes, trying to elicit information from a being who doesn't seem to remember vital details. What he finds out is that 'Eddie' thinks of himself as an identity, but no longer self-identifies as a living human being per se. Nevertheless he has a distinctive personality and distinctive memories. He also finds that Eddie has no memory of his past "hosts" and no way of predicting or knowing when a change will take place. The best analogy Poe can come up with is a computer program that uses its host computer's memory for its own day-to-day storage. Eddie remembers things as they were, but Poe suspects that he'll forget his current experiences if he changes hosts.

As for the Engine itself, it's something Eddie knows but does not know _about_. He understands its useful functions but has no real understanding of its nature, place, or purpose. He is the engineer aboard a train he cannot see.

_One more question,_ Poe adds. _What are the limits and side effects of channeling Essence via the Engine? You mentioned it was mostly intended for fighting, so I presume there are reasons not to leave it tapped in..._

_Limits? There's a finite amount of Essence you can draw from the Engine at once. Aside from that, whatever limits there are lie with the host._

_Thank you,_ thinks Morgan. _I will call on you when I need to._

Morgan opens his eyes to meet the concerned stares of his allies. He quickly describes what he's learned about 'Eddie' from his attunement - most notably, the lack of any record of past or future hosts. "So unless there's a backdoor password I haven't found yet," says Poe, "it seems 'Eddie' doesn't pose a security risk to us. Even if I lose him, he won't be able to tell his next host anything."

"More practically," Morgan adds, "it seems that I can tap into additional Essence reserves via this Engine."

Benford sighs. "Unfortunately, that also means that he's unable to tell us very much about where he came from. Oh, well. As victories go, we take what we can get."

Morgan rubs his chin. "Well, certainly not after he became what he is now. But before that..." _Can you talk with my voice and listen with my ears? There's someone else I'd like you to talk to._

_I can listen if you allow me to. I can't override your actions._

_Close enough. Please listen in until I say otherwise._ "All right," says Morgan. "Eddie _does_ have distinctive memories. Let's brainstorm on this. You all can pose questions, and I'll relay the questions to him and give you back his answers."

Benford nods, and flips open his laptop. "First, Eddie, if you can hear me, thanks for helping us. It's important work and I'm glad you're here for us." He scrolls through to a file about late 20th century American pop. "First, I'd like you to help me understand popular music in this area. It seems an important part of culture here..." He continues the interview with questions about trends in top 40 songs through the 60's, 70's, and 80's, trying to localize Eddie's most recent memories on the subject.

From national labels to local bands, from pop trends to the way people choose to say "soda" or "pop", Benford presents a casual, dispassionate view on American culture. Psychological analysis, based on Poe's feedback, suggests which music and other art invokes childhood, and which draws on the rebellious teenage years. It becomes clear that "Eddie" was not active any later than 2005, and was most likely born in the early 1970s.

"Excellent," Benford comments. "Now, we're travelling on the west coast of America, and I have to admit that there is much here that confuses me. I'm hoping you can also tell me about some of the regional differences in California." The smirk on the Scientist's face indicates that he's not really making it up; America is a lot to take in all at once.

With access to Web searches and a few clues from his Yank companions, Benford establishes a definite place - the Los Angeles area. Not the easiest place to go looking for missing persons.

He was not overly affluent, but his diction and vocabulary are rich enough to suggest some level of education. He does not express familiarity with college fraternities, but he does demonstrate collegiate-level learning.

Benford folds up the laptop. _Missing persons in Los Angeles County in 2005. Well. That's only going to be about... a thousand cases._ "Thank you, Eddie. That was very instructive. Please let Poe know if there's anything I can do to help you in the future."

_Thank you, Eddie, you can stop listening now. You were very helpful_, thinks Poe. _One last thing you can do for me. Please provide me with access to the Engine. I need to familiarize myself with its use ahead of combat._ The glow his comrades noticed when he first harmonized is a factor, too: Poe needs to know if invoking the Engine is going to alarm mortals.

While this is all happening, Jet stays at least somewhat focused. Her attention does wander, though. She is writing in her journal again. It's a new one, since the last was left with Becca, who seems to want to turn it all into a novel someday. She does keep an eye on Poe, and makes idle chat with Xin, as well. Whatever they are talking about, it's making her grin.

_Sure thing,_ says Eddie. And Morgan feels something... faint, at first, then suddenly excruciating. It isn't a physical sensation... rather, he feels like his mind, no, his _soul_ is being subjected to titanic stresses by forces beyond his comprehension. It's as if his very being is being stretched, contorted. As the Engine tries to reshape him, though, he can feel the warm glow of Essence beyond, and if he can just take a little more of this, he will be able to access it... but right now, he'll need far more than mere curiosity as a reason to endure this. "Stop!" he exclaims, out loud this time, forgetting to internalize his thoughts.

In that space of the beginning of that word to the end of it, Jet has risen, her right arm swooping out with a gun. The left rises, catching another gun out of the air that her motions just happened to cast out of a holster and up into the air. In that moment, she senses everything around her, using eyes, ears, and nose. "What is it?" she deadpans.

Morgan gasps, slumping forward. "It's okay, don't shoot! I'll be fine," he pants. "It's just... argh. That felt like having my soul put through a meat grinder." He shakes his head. "I tried to access the Engine just now. Eddie's right. It _will_ make me more powerful, but... I think we'd better save that until it's a matter of life or death."

Xin is nothing short of impressed with the alacrity that Jet responds with. He watches Morgan, concerned. "Now you have an idea of the side-effects of these things at least," he says, when it becomes apparent that they are not in life-threatening danger.

Benford has frozen over his notebook, not daring to move since Morgan cried out. "Is there any chance you were detected? Perhaps we should move on."

Jet holsters her weapons far more slowly (and reluctantly) than she drew them. "So you are saying what we have is a tool of last resort?" She sounds relieved for some reason. "Hopefully we can just avoid ever having to rely on it." And that would be why.

Morgan shakes his head at Benford. "N-no, I don't think so. It's just... whatever this thing does to connect me to Essence has to... I dunno... reshape me or something." He sighs deeply. "I learned what I needed to know, anyway."

The first rays of false dawn come early in the high, dry valley north of Mount Shasta. The Circle rolls out of the Weed rest area just after 6am. An hour later, the highway descends a bit to the long, wide central Oregon valley, passing through the towns of Medford, Grant's Pass, and Roseburg. Just before noon they pass through the urbanized areas of Salem and Portland, and are at last in Washington State, making good time up I-5 through Olympia, Tacoma, and finally as dusk approaches, they stop the van in the southern areas of Seattle, near Boeing Field.

While in Renton, Morgan directs the crew to a few local clothing stores. After a little work on them in the hotel room, Morgan's disguise is complete. From the old flannel shirt over a faded grey t-shirt and ripped blue jeans, to the scruffy facial hair and sideways slouch, 'Edgar Johnson' looks for all the world like a washed-up old punk. One half expects to see him pick up an electric guitar and start mumbling incomprehensibly.

Even Morgan's visitor is helpful here; it seems that Morgan's inner Eddie remembers his own youth with a bit more clarity than Morgan does, and Morgan does not hesitate to ask Eddie for advice on how to act. A Southern California surfer dude is far different form a Seattle garage punk, to those in the know, but Morgan doesn't expect to meet anyone who would know the difference.

Benford, for his part, is quite amused by Morgan's transformation. "I had thought to keep an open mind about America's regional stereotypes, but this role seems to match Page One of the Young Swiss Tourists' Guide to Seattle."

"Well, nobody said Americans were proud." Jet considers that for a moment. "Actually, I should say nobody said Americans were proud with good reason." She snickers, finding humor in this herself.

Xin doesn't get it. He's at least aware that there's something he doesn't get. He stays fairly quiet for the time being, as it's much too easy to simply watch the city go by. "You know I heard it rains every day here. Is this true?"

In truth the city is covered in rain - puddles are on the streets, and an ominous grey cloud-cover blankets the Seattle area with a promise of more to come. The storm season has been worse in 2007, and now in October, it's particularly cold.

Poe laughs. "Not all the time, Xin. Just in the fall and winter and most of the spring. Pretty light though, usually. You can tell the out of towners, they're carrying umbrellas. All right, guys, let's cruise," he adds, winking saucily at Jet as he . It seems he's quite enjoying this part of the role, almost as if, for a moment, he could be Eddie full-time.

Morgan guides the way up through downtown Seattle to his house near Lynnwood. Almost no one is out at this time of night - it's a quiet neighborhood in the first place, and the chilly drizzle has put a damper on people going out for walks, as if they'd go walking anyway. Morgan finds himself worrying about the place as they drive down the familiar streets. When he last left, he was minus a front door lock and several windows. Despite himself, he hopes the police or his parents collected some of his personal effects.

The house is in good shape. There isn't an overabundance of mail, and Morgan finds that his key is still good. Inside, mail and cleaning supplies are stacked on the table and neatly organized. It's clear that someone has been coming here regularly, either a housekeeper, a friend, or a relative. There are no past due bills that he can see in a cursory flip-through, so presumably that's being taken care of as well. There is some official paperwork from the FBI, but he pockets that for later.

The door lock and other damage has been repaired. Water and electricity are turned on. There is no police cordon after all this time, not that the yellow line would obstruct the group anyway. The preliminary investigation is through; now must come the deeper probe.

Morgan opens the door again and waves to the van, smiling. All is clear, and now is the time for his friends to help. He knows the place best, but the more eyes to help him see things, the better.

Xin looks around cautiously as he leaves the van just the same. There is just a little paranoia prevalent now as they return to the scene of what he's been told was an attack. "I'll help however I can."

Benford looks over the situation. _If we're being observed, then this is going to stick out quite badly._ "Xin. Jet. You two are pretty sneaky. May I ask you to take a walk around the block, and see what you can see? I don't think it's a good idea to be so observable without observing in return."

Jet nods to Benford, and does her own little version of a walk around the block. She doesn't know the place all that well, but other than Poe, she's the only one who has been here before. She will stick to the area, and watch for any police activity or really any activity at all, considering how dead the city is.

Benford sends Xin off in the opposite direction, and then joins Poe in his house, coming in through the back entrance. While the scientist isn't any kind of policeman, he is an expert investigator; the hypothesis here, of course, is that their opponents might have left behind some evidence as to their motives. He waits for Poe's direction.

"All right. We're both going to look at everything, to double-check each other," says Poe. Now that he doesn't need the Eddie disguise, he's all business. "Whoever cleaned up the bodies didn't have much time to do anything else, which means that anything they did to ransack this place would've been narrowly focused. I'll give you a brief tour of the house, and then we'll start." He guides Benford through the place - it's fairly spacious for a single man, with a master bedroom, guest bedroom, and a third bedroom converted to an office. "We don't know for sure what we're looking for, so we'll start by looking for everything. If you see anything and you think it's out of place, make a note of it and ask me."

Benford nods. He works without camera or notepad, hands in his pockets, living solely in his eyes for this exercise.

Morgan's first order of business is to check his filing cabinets, paying particular attention to the sections concerning the Discovery Institute. Some of his files were stored at the office or had copies there, but if anyone had taken a particular interest in these, he'd like to know. Some flour from the kitchen makes for a crude but reasonably effective fingerprint powder, and Morgan carefully compares any prints on the files with his own fingers. He's the only one who should have been touching these files.

Next, Morgan broadens his search to include his bedroom, guest room, and other areas where he would imagine someone looking for useful information on him. Mindful of the magic that has entered his world, he checks the bathrooms, looking for hairbrushes that might have been cleaned, missing toothbrushes, and the like. The cops would have looked for the obvious criminal traces, but Morgan knows his house, he knows who his enemies might be, and he knows that there is more to the world than the mundane. This is knowledge that the cops did not have, knowledge that may help him find the signs that they missed.

The house has been meticulously cleaned, and as Morgan discovers, professionally - perhaps his parents brought in a housekeeper. Nevertheless, it's clear that only the superficial surfaces have been attended to. The Solar finds that none of his files have been tampered with - this much he is quite sure of. Whoever came, came for him personally.

He finds the only human hair on his otherwise-immaculate sofa, and he knows it isn't his. He finds the frayed threads of the carpet where a corpse was dragged out of the house still wearing boots, and he finds the tiniest speck of rubber and dirt that fell through the worn area, evading the vacuum. He discovers the melted-down remnants of a bullet that had gone through one of his ventilation grills and lodged itself near the heater.

Some dried blood has stained the floorboards. Following it outside, Morgan discovers something, as he carefully and painstakingly turns over the pebbles adjoining his front walk. Booted feet have left the faintest traces of this same blood. It isn't much, but he has the footprint of whoever carried the bodies.

Benford knows less what he is looking for, and so looks for anything out of place. Presumably, someone has been here to clean up in the wake of Poe's assailants; therefore, places that look recently cleaned, may in fact mark the most likely places to find evidence. Benford walks slowly through the house, a room or two behind Poe himself.

Benford also walks a perimeter outside of Poe's house, looking for signs that some gear may have been stashed nearby, in bushes or garbage lockers.

Benford finds little enough in the way of forensic evidence, Poe's initial sweep already having been impressive and comprehensive. He does, however, notice something walking around outside the house: there are scorch marks near the drop for the electrical service. Perhaps not so unusual, but the vinyl siding is also similarly scorched where the telephone and television cables enter the house. He stops his patrol and checks the fuse panel in the basement; the heavy copper cables are badly oxidized, and so is much of the inside wiring: there is even soot in several of the telephone jacks. The scientist frowns. _This isn't a good sign. It's like the place was hit by lightning... a dozen times._ "Poe. This is weird. You need to see this."

Benford is silent for a long moment. "We know that some of our opponents have an affinity for machinery. Is it possible that one of them materialized here?"

Morgan comes over and checks. "Geez. Do you think my insurance will cover this?" he jokes. "Seriously, though. We get lightning up here, but hardly ever. We should double-check the weather records, but I really don't think I can believe it was just a lightning storm-" He cuts off, as the phone rings.

"Don't pick up," says Morgan, over the jangling of the phone. "We're not supposed to be here. We'll let the machine get it, find out who it is first. But I guess we were seen. Or sensed."

After four rings, the machine gets it. "Mr. Morgan, pick up," comes a voice, quite audible, which Poe recognizes as his 'source' - his inner voice.

Morgan breathes a faint sigh of relief, and picks up the phone. This may still be a sign of danger, but it's not the one he first feared. "Yes?" he asks.

"Put me on speaker-phone, please."

Morgan thumbs the button and replaces the handset. "You don't usually speak out loud like this. What's up?"

"This place... it's made Eddie stronger. You'll have to ask him for details. But I think something happened here, perhaps something Essence-driven."

Jet hears the phone, hears the disruption, and decides to get to higher ground. She slips out the back, where it's still nice and dark, and then kicks her way upward, landing on the roof softly. If things are safe, the others can tell her about it later. Something has fed the cat's itch to look down on the world, and Jet follows her instincts.

Poe nods slowly. This sounds... useful. _Eddie, what can you sense? I hear something's making you stronger?_

Eddie's voice comes out over the phone as well. "Something's happened here.. The Lands of Light have been strengthened. Some great power was worked here, the same sort that I draw from."

"The Lands of Light?" Benford queries. "Where is that? Is that where your hosts come from, Eddy?"

"No. But it is used as a conduit and information source. We are talking on the phone here because I'm standing in the Lands of Light, speaking through them to you."

"I can take you where I am, if you want to see," offers Eddie.

Benford stares at Morgan, slack-jawed. "Oh really," is all he manages to sputter.

"As long as you can bring me back," says Morgan. "Can you bring Benford as well?"

"No, he doesn't have an Engine attachment."

Morgan thinks for a moment and glances at Benford. "We have to get you one of these. I think you'd get more out of this than I will." He squares his shoulders. "All right... bring me through. But be ready to cancel if I say." He remembers trying to draw Essence through the Engine.

Without preamble, Morgan falls unconscious in a heap on the floor. At the same moment, the phone goes dead, and Benford and Xin hear a dial tone.

From her position on the roof, Jet catches sight of a black-clad man walking toward the house. He's still several blocks away, but her keen eyesight is enough to discern him. Rough features, and improbably wearing sunglasses despite the darkness. His hands are in his pockets.

"Oh, damn," Benford barks. He runs to the front door and bangs on it, to get the attention of his friends; then goes quickly back to Morgan's limp body, checking for any medical problems.

Jet's a lot less.. loud. She waits for Xin to get near and whispers down to him, "We have company. I hope you brought your dancing shoes." She sounds almost eager! "I'll start the fun, warn them inside and if it sounds like hell is breaking loose, they probably should run." She looks at the rooftops, plotting a path carefully. She has little time to screw around. She's going to hurry up and cut this new 'friend' off before he or she or it gets too near.

As Jet moves, something catches her eye. She looks down, seeing a dot of red - a laser sight - play across her torso. As she moves, she sees the approaching stranger's head. He's looking straight at her, and the laser moved precisely as his gaze did.

"It sounds like we have company then. If he's okay..." says Xin, gesturing towards Morgan, "Then stay here with him, I'll try and help Jet with whatever this is," says Xin. "It's probably a good idea to get ready to move, though." He turns back towards the door, looking up to the rooftops for any sign of Jet.

Jet just moves faster then. If she's been seen, there's hardly a point in getting too fancy. She is focused on reaching the enemy quickly, and this time, she's going to put it down without any cheap tricks.

Once Jet has made it close, she slows down to a walk, folding her arms behind herself as she moves closer still. She's going to be paying far more attention, in case there's a laser on her again. "Nice night for a walk, huh?" she asks curiously.

"Nice night for a walk," the stranger repeats in a flat, atonal voice.

"So you have a name, sleepwalker?" asks Jet. She is listening close, and considering the scent of her potential enemy. These things don't usually smell very human.

The smell of oil, lubricant, and plastic wafts through the air. Other, more alien odors tease Jet's nostrils as well. "My name is Gerhard." He pronounces it flatly, like 'gear-heart'.

"What brings you to this neck of the woods?" asks the Lunar. She can already feel that this is not likely to go smoothly. "With a name like that, you must be coming from quite a ways."

Gerhard cocks his head. Jet is dazzled for a moment by the flash of the laser, though not enough to impair her - it merely passes over. "Do you require further confirmation of my mechanical nature?"

"I suppose not. But that doesn't tell me whether I'm supposed to shut you down or have a conversation," replies Jet. "While I have had a run-in with a couple like you before, I am trying to keep an open mind. So why not tell me what you want and then we can do whatever we have to do."

"I was assigned to live nearby in the event that Mr. Morgan returned here," Gerhard answers. My instructions are to assess his purpose and take action."

"What actions do you mean to take?" asks Jet. She is pleased with herself. She hasn't even tried to kill this thing yet. "Why are you so focused on him, anyway? And what exactly are you? You obviously aren't just a machine."

"I am unable to provide further details," Gerhard explains calmly. "Your motive is to defend Mr. Morgan and yourself. You must now make an estimate as to whether I pose a threat and take action." And so saying, he begins walking forward, continuing on toward the house.

Jet smirks and moves to put herself in his way again. "That's too bad, cause I'm a horrible judge of character. It's back in your court, Gerhard. There's no way you are getting past me until I'm sure you are safe." The Full Moon's hands clench into fists with one loud cracking of knuckles, "And I'm afraid your predecessors have made that pretty goddam unlikely."

"I am no threat to you," Gerhard answers softly. A two-foot steel blade **snicks** out of the sleeve of his jacket, where his hand was just a moment ago. "However, I am not 'safe'."