The Wonderland mobile outpost is parked at a truck stop near Hermosillo. The time is close to 3am; Benford and Xin sit across the small cofee table from Jet, who drove them home from the container yard, and the Man, who seems to have been expecting them.

Benford opens a duffel bag, removing plastic jars containing a variety of small mechanisms. "Well. We have good news, and bad news. These are pieces of the Assembled that attacked us, whom we have dubbed Moe, Larry, and Curly. More parts are in the boxes on the flatbed Jet... borrowed... to bring us home. So the weaker ones, at least, can be defeated without exceptional weapons."

"Now the bad news," he continues. "This came from Curly's chest. It also used to be part of the active suspension system in the Hummer." The scientist's expression is carefully neutral. "I'd be more apologetic to you and Meier if they hadn't been so hell-bent on killing us."

"We could always give it a proper funeral," comments Jet helpfully.

"In our defense, that suspension stood up to an awful lot before it caved," adds Xin. "We got a good idea of their tactics too. Ruthless foes. They grabbed the good Doctor and pummeled him until he went down without regard for me. Very single-minded in their task."

Jet just shakes her head at this. "There some reason in particular you didn't bring a bit more firepower to your little party? These guys aren't exactly incompetent. Screw around too much, and they'll be showing some of us off in jars."

"The bigger the guns we bring, the more trouble we're in if the enemy steals them," Benford mentions. "When they... arrived... they picked the only complex machine within a quarter of a mile. If we'd left any guns in the truck, I have no doubt that they would have found them."

"Doesn't that also make them extremely easy to capture?" asks Jet. "If they are selective in that way, it should be very easy to control." She looks to the Man, "It seems to me they learned something very useful. Worth more than a truck."

"Also, we could've taken them down pretty handily. I mean, even if Benford here hadn't thrown a shipyard at them, I think I'd have beaten the other two." Xin gestures towards his friend, "You should have seen him. All leverage and science. Two-fisted science even." He lets the subject change easily and says, "You know, if you like I can show you a couple of ways to defend yourself next time."

Benford says, "I'll take you up on that. But there's something else we need to discuss." He motions at the sample jars. "There's not much to learn from their physical substance; all an autopsy will get us is a list of parts we need to repair the Hummer. The important thing is that we picked up two more of their Symbionts."

Seeing the Man is being as great in conversation as usual, Jet speaks up again. "So two more. Are they from the same time period that Poe's is? Did they come in the same way, when you destroyed the Assembled?"

"Yeah. I have to say Doc, that jumpsuit suited you." Xin leans back, "We almost have the complete set," he shoots a glance in Jet's direction, grinning. "Maybe we can see if they react in some way when multiple are together."

Xin continues, "Anyway, to answer your question, Jet, we don't know. At least if they're from the same time period. They did come when we destroyed them though."

Benford says, "It seems to be the same as it was for Poe. The Symbiont is released from the Assembled upon destruction, and we were able to intercept them. Good timing on that, too. She saved my life." The scientist thoughtfully places his hand over the place where he was shot.

Xin nods, "This is true. Which reminds me, try not to get shot next time. There we go, lesson one in combat techniques: Don't Get Hit." The Solar shakes his head, "I'm glad you're okay though. Anything truly is possible."

"So, what's our move now? I guess they have to know we are down here. At least some of them do." Jet frowns thoughtfully, "In a way, I feel like we're just so swept-up in this. I don't even know exactly what we are fighting right now."

"Well we at least know some of what we are fighting," says Xin. He is about to put his feet on the table, but thinks better of it. He turns the awkward half-stretched position into a yawn, and says, "So we can at least," he yawns again, "Excuse me, we can at least fight the things we know, and that we know how to fight."

"Well," Benford begins. "We don't know for sure that the Assembled are involved with the gun-runners. If they were locals, I would have expected them to show up from the road. They didn't. They ... teleported, for lack of a better word. We know that there isn't a single Assembled faction; Gerhard referred to a conflict between his program and Axel's. My hypothesis is that their masters are finding local factions and sending the Assembled as advisors. They might be here, they might not."

"So, the task is the same anyway," says Jet. She doesn't sound as excited about it as when she started. Having time to think helps. "We might as well get it started. I was thinking of slipping off and doing a bit of damage to one of them. With a bit of a push, we might just get them to do some of our work for us."

"Yeah. I've been thinking we need to start hitting shipments, denying them resources and things," says Xin. "This way when we're ready to fight them, they won't be ready to fight us."

Benford says, "I'm all for that, but we need a lever and a place to stand."

Xin says, "And a freightyard full of shipping containers."

Jet looks thoughtful, "Well, if they have male leaders, I could always lead them into one grand cockfight." Her smile grows a little at this, "I have inspired my share of brawls in my time, you know." From the way she says it, they were quite intentional.

"I've participated in my share of brawls. If it helps, I could try and participate in one of these..." says Xin, "Just to make sure things go the way we want."

Benford can't help grinning. "I think that Luther has been working on finding out who works for whom, here. Perhaps he can tell us where you can tease in a wedge."

Benford asks Luther to join the discussion. "It's been an eventful night. One thing that has become clear is that I'm not the world's greatest strategist. We could use some advice."

The senior Sidereal only smiles at this. He unfolds a large piece of paper, a seeming organizational chart with numerous lines and diagrams. "Here, take a look at this..."

---

Fifteen minutes later, Luther's concluded his briefing. Based on data from Jet, Mirya, and Morgan, plus what Ricky knows about the Mexican drug trade, the intelligence chief has compiled as close to a table of organization as anyone ever has. While some of it may be out of date given recent developments, he is confident.

What it boils down to is this: only a couple of the cartels would be interested in donating time, money, and resources to this effort because of the cost. Those that would are those that have the most to lose from Wonderland's anti-drug operations, and Luther's been able to trace those.

He also brings up another point. Specifically, Southern American groups such as the Colombian sources and gangs such as MS-13 could be brought in, if they were convinced of a sufficient payoff. MS-13 in particular is a possibility, given Jet's history.

"MS-13 is a lot to bite-off," notes Jet. "It's not far from taking out an army, and it's a lot harder to find when it has no interest in being found. Just ask the FBI." She lets out a soft sigh, "Still, I'd like to settle this mess. I don't care if I have to destroy an army to protect my family. You point, and I will keep killing until the job is done."

"You have a history with this MS-13, Jet?" Xin tries to sound like he knows who they are, though it's quite obvious he doesn't. That is the unasked question in his own. The martial artist regards Jet, "Fortunately you've got us here to help you out. Otherwise you might get tired. Have you had any luck, speaking of killing, in finding Santa Muerte?"

"Jack's been working on that angle," Luther replies. "I haven't heard back yet."

Benford mulls this over. "If it's a matter of cost, we don't have to wipe them out. We just need to take out their surplus, so to speak. On the other hand..." The scientist shrugs. "If we can break them, maybe we should. It would make Ricky's life easier."

"I did some contracts for MS-13, once upon a time," replies Jet. "If they had a flea, I was kind of like a.. flea collar." She explains more seriously, "I was independent, and they only used me for jobs that were a bit wrong for them. Or perfect for my skillset."

"The Fuentez and the Juarez," Luther says. "They used to be mules for the Colombians, moving cocaine. I suspect their price for the machines is enough muscle to become fully independent."

"So where are they located? Do they have an interest in each other's turf and contacts?" asks Jet. "If not, we'll just want to raze them to the ground the direct way."

Benford says, "I'm sure that trust is always strained between those two, at best, and this amounts to a power grab for both of them. Perhaps we can insinuate that the Machines are favoring one of them in this deal, and that after Wonderland, the other will be next."

"We could even stage a couple of attacks on the other faction to help them believe the insinuation," says Xin.

"We can assume they're allied for the present moment. We have some idea of where they house themselves, but we lack the manpower to simply attack them en masse." Luther points at the diagram. "Turning them against each other would require a convincing program of deception, and I assume the Assembled have countermeasures to maintain whatever alliance they have."

"Your best regional allies are the Colombians, if the cartels want out from under their thumb. But they're dangerous to mess with. We'd want to go in knowing all the answers, and with incentive to boot. Your best local allies are whoever Ricky can get. Santa Muerte is a wild card."

"So let's get to it then," says Xin. "After we've had some sleep."

Benford nods, looking at his watch. "It's nearly 4am, and it's been eventful. Let's look at this fresh in a few hours, and agree that whatever we're going to do, we get started on it tonight. The sooner we do some damage to the enemy, the safer it is for Wonderland."

Benford sleeps uneasily, waking again just a few hours later. He pulls on some sweats and wanders outside, then climbs to the roof of the Wonderland trailer. False dawn shows over the hills to the east, and concentrates on the Symbiont that he bonded with earlier. _Are you there? What should I call you?_

"You may call me whatever you wish," the woman's voice replies, calmly. "I am your assistant."

Benford says, "Then I'd like to call you Hypatia. Do you understand the reference?"

"Very well. Then as a teacher, my first lesson is this. Aside from my knowledge, I know whatever you wish me to know, or permit me to know," Hypatia replies.

Benford says, "So I'd guess that means that you don't remember anything from your previous partner, as it's no longer here to give that to you. I'd like you to know that whatever its source, or yours, not all of us serve a common purpose. Is that a problem for you?"

Hypatia laughs gently, musically. "I serve whatever your purpose is, now that we are harmonized. I have no motives beyond that."

Benford chuckles. "I should take you and Selber out for a drink some time, but I'm not sure that the mortals will understand my 'imaginary friends.' OK. Here's the rub. As I understand it, you're made to assist with questions of human custom and intuition. Suppose that we suspect someone is trying to make one of our allies look disloyal. How would you suggest we detect that?"

"You want to ask an expert on group dynamics and psychology, I suspect," Benford's 'partner' replies. "But I imagine that you would look for wedge factors. Every man has his price, it is said. Do you know the price your allies might expect your enemies to meet?"

Benford says, "I would guess the means to power. We're not the parties in question, as it happens; it's two competing narcotics syndicates. Alliances are very thin. Practically speaking, all of them are in competition."

Hypatia hums. "Based on what you know, I think it would be difficult," she concludes at last. "But, let me consider it."

Benford says, "Very well. Please tell me when you have something." The scientist goes back inside to work on breakfast; he won't be able to sleep anyway.

---

Benford isn't the only one up before the sun. Xin has stepped into the early morning to start practicing. It starts with a simple martial arts form, the Solar moving fluidly from stance to strike and so on. This work is routine, he knows what he's doing, so it's easy to let his mind drift into a serene, meditative state. The rest of the world may as well fade away, but the little girl is waiting there for him.

_Ah. The symbiont._ Xin starts fighting imagined attackers, his motions crisp in the morning light. "I suppose you're why I couldn't sleep so easily. I wonder. Are you the same as the other symbionts, or whatever you call yourselves out there? I mean, does the form change the function?"

"I don't keep anyone awake unless they ask," the proper little girl answers immediately. Her voice sounds in Xin's head, speaking gently. "You must choose what I am to be called. Beyond that, I'm sorry, but I haven't a clue how to answer your question."

"You sound like a Sarah," is Xin's response. He's not sure if he's speaking aloud, or in his own head. It matters little now. "So that's what your name is, if I get to decide. I'm Xin, only I think you know that already. Still... a formal introduction seems in order."

"Then I'm very pleased to meet you, Mr. Xin," Sarah says happily.

"So... what kinds of things do you know?" Xin mentions a few of the things that Poe described from his interview with Eddie... and leaves gaps for Sarah to fill. He's trying to determine how they vary from person to person, or if they even do. His form has almost come to an end. Xin's mind wanders, going back over the fight. A question forms in his mind. He's wondering about Essence and some of the limitations... Charms for attack leave one open, and defensive ones leave offense lacking. He's not even sure where that thought came from... but it's there.

Sarah admits ignorance about some of the things Xin talks about, but seems to be well-grounded in the classics - literature, music, and theater. She demonstrates an unusually broad base of knowledge which belies her apparently young age.

"Interesting. Classics." Xin can't help but chuckle at that. "Maybe we've got things we can teach one another. I'm afraid my education there is lacking. I look forward to working with you."

"And I you, Mr. Xin," says Sarah brightly.

"It'll take some getting used to, but I think it will work out nicely." Xin finishes up his form, and turns back towards the trailer. "Tell me," he begins, jovially, in tones reserved for people about to speak at length, "Are you familiar with the legends of the Wulin..."