Two Assembled stand in front of Xin. They are damaged, but not broken. They don't even regard one another as they advance towards the martial artist, a terrible unspoken communication unites their motion. Two heads are better than one. So are eight, for that matter. Outside, the echoes of the barrage of gunfire begin to die down. There's the dull metallic sound of new clips being loaded with inhuman precision, the sound of footsteps moving in unison, rapidly, across the catwalks. The Solar is outgunned, outmanned, and outthought. All seems lost.

Of course their is one thing that the Assembled have not taken into account. Fire flashes behind Xin's eyes as Essence wells up inside. _I am a Child of the Unconquered Sun. We do not fail._ There's a flare of light. A golden glowing circle bursts forth on Xin's forehead and floods the room with a soft, warm radiance. As the two rush forward, he dodges aside. His motions are too fast to be followed, all their mechanical precision fails before the rush of Essence. This motion propels him towards one of the walls, and as the two machines try to regain their bearings, Xin runs along it, leaving the paint sun-bleached where he walks. At the zenith of his run, he pushes away, the golden light on his forehead sends the shadows flickering as he strikes at the ceiling. "Get BACK," he shouts, though the voice is directed over his shoulder at the people huddled upstairs, rather than his two attackers. A layer of dust is disturbed.

There's a slight creaking sound that can just be heard over the footsteps of seven people rushing madly towards the back of the house. Three more assembled are nearly in the door as Xin starts rushing up the steps. Shots ring out, and bullets embed themselves in the stairwell as the Solar ascends. He reaches the top of the stairs, he exhales sharply, just as whatever tension was holding the spot on the ceiling he'd struck together fades. There's a loud splintering sound as a crack spreads around the beam holding up the roof... dust and paint and shhetrock all start falling. One of the Assembled tries rushing up the stairs and is kicked back down into the falling rubble, adding to the debris that swings down in front of the doorway, slowing the onrush of Assembled foes. "We have to go. Now."

It is quite ordered, the way the Assembled rush in through the doorway. No one blocks anyone else, the guns are all raised towards the stairs, even as they move through the doorway. Their movement is efficient, precise, and completely planned to the last detail. In stark contrast is the sheer and utter chaos the befalls them as the roof collapses. Chairs and beds slide through now abandoned rooms and pin a few of them to the ground. Others, not so fortunate, are trapped beneath the heavy wooden beam that had heretofore held up the house. Glass shatters as the force of the fall blows out the windows, and part of the ceiling collapses right in front of the stairs... blocking them off for now. If any should get through all that, they'll still need to get past Xin.

Xin finds himself upstairs, or in what's left of the upstairs floor. Barry and Mary have been methodically suiting everyone up in Dragon Skin body armor, themselves last. Immediately guessing the situation, Mary draws a pistol and shoots out the glass window of the bedroom the group is hiding in. Barry directs the girls, all in a shell-shocked but receptive state, to grab hold of the mattress from the bed. They heave, then chuck it through the broken window. "Xin, out, catch them!" directs Barry.

The Solar is already moving when his name is called. He slips through the window with ease of one who has done this a thousand times. He probably has. There's a serene moment as Xin falls through the air... he looks out and sees how the mattress has landed, knows how he must land and that when he rolls to one side his arms will stick out... thus... and he'll be ready for the first of them. The mattress groans in protest as the weight of the stuntman hits it. If nothing else Xin knows how to fall out of a building. "Jump!"

The girls, uncertain and trembling, go first. Xin catches them without hesitation. Becca leaps for the mattress and rolls off it, while Timothy is the last to land in Xin's grasp. Mary and Barry leap out together, tucking and rolling and rising to their feet in a smooth landing on the mattress.

"Alright, cars... we've gotta get moving faster than this, do you have a way of getting ahold of Jack without letting Them know?" Xin asks this as he sweeps his gaze around where they now stand. The golden light has long since drained away, but he still feels it there inside, the power.

Barry and Mary have already decided. They are sprinting across the street - toward the two law enforcement officers who were tailing Jet and the group earlier. "Get the kids out of here!" shouts Barry, adopting a voice of command that stuns even Xin. The two agents scramble, opening the doors of their sedan. Jet's girls and Timothy begun running across the street.

With the Assembled mere seconds away from bursting into the street, Xin retreats across the street along with Mary and Barry. "Everything's gonna be okay," he says to Timothy and the Jet's girls. He looks at Mary and Barry, "How long do we need to hold them off for?"

"Drive!" shouts Barry. The two agents rev the car and speed off - with six in the car, there's no more room. The Exalted are on their own. "As long as we can," he answers.

Xin nods. The set of his features defines the word grim. "Alright then, we hold them off." The words sound brave on the surface, though the suddenly empty street and the cold night breeze seems to take away from it all.

---

Jet realizes she's conscious. She's also very badly wounded. In the strange townhouse, a mother and her son are separated by distance but united by fear, for the Lunar has taken her war-form. Thus, a bloodied, battered, monstrously tall and quite inhuman tigeroid now lays on the rug before them. The mother, still smote with shock, does manage to scramble her away across the room and grab hold of her child, hugging him tightly to her and shielding him with her back.

Jet pushes herself up with a growl of pain. In a voice both terrible and irrestible she points to the stairs and orders, "Run if you want to live!" The wounds of the great beast are already starting to seal shut once more, but the wounds are still a terror to behold. She knows she cannot linger here, or she'll be dead. Her ears strain for any hint of what her enemies might be doing. For all their prowess, they seem to care little for stealth.

For once, Jet is glad to be feared. With a whimper the mother drags her child away. Jet's eyes settle on a bounty that lies on the ground and with ideas already racing through her head, the Full Moon scoops up her last four grenades. _Well, this should at least make one hell of a bang._ The Lunar also grabs her gun, putting a plan together as quickly as she can.

The Lunar's ears reach beyond the barriers of wall and window, and the stench of her enemies in the air tells her that none have pressed the matter. Perhaps they think her dead? She turns her gaze to a window opposite the courtyard and does her best to slip out of it without making a sound, her motions cautious and her attention very much focused on finding her enemies.

Like a lightning bolt the Lunar races along the perimeter of the townhouses, trying to move quickly and avoid making extra noise at the same time. Somewhere in the back of her mind a voice screams at her to move faster, to protect her family, to destroy her enemies once more.

What Jet finds at the front of the townhouse is a half-collapsed structure. Most of the interior has been brought down, totally blocking access to the second floor. She stands outside, noticing the occasional protruding arm or finger of one of the Assembled in the rubble. And she notices that four of the mechanical men have survived the collapse, and now turn to aim their weapons at her.

Jet has learned something about these enemies. They are precise, robotic, automatic, and therefore.. utterly predictable. She can't out draw four, but she has four grenades and she knows exactly where her enemies are aiming. With distance on her side, she whips her arms first down, and then up, letting her own supernatural talents aim the grenades precisely into the trajectory of her enemies' fire as she throws herself sideways into a tight roll.

The Assembled have no particular interest in being blown up either, and they respond with gunfire. Their precision aiming, unencumbered by the need for a human facade now, picks off the grenades just as they reach apogee, and the townhouse complex is rocked by the simultaneous explosions. All around her, Jet can hear the showering of broken glass, and the force of the concussion wave threatens to knock her off her feet.

Feeling the power of the blast wave coming, the Lunar leaps up into the air, throwing her arms and legs wide to gather that energy like a sail. With that momentum gained, she draws herself into a ball like a spider, slamming her feet out in the last moment to crash through the wall of another townhouse.

Landing in yet another townhouse, Jet wastes little time getting ready to continue her delaying tactic. She moves swiftly into the house, finding just the thing to throw at her enemies. With a grin the Full Moon rips the heavy stove from the kitchen, but then she stops, hearing and smelling just the thing she needs. Gas.

Jet sets the stove very carefully aside and peeks out to the front of the house. "C'mon, you assholes.. come get me." She considers a moment. These guys know a lot about them. Maybe... "Benford! Poe! Get out of here! I'll cover you!" she bellows loudly. She slams the kitchen window apart for effect. Ready for one last, dangerous gamble, the Lunar strains her senses and gathers her strength.

Jet can smell the gas flooding out, and the noise of it makes it hard to be sure, but those footsteps seem to be getting nearer. With a grunt she casts herself out the kitchen window and rushes away, shouting, "RUN!! RUN!! THEY ARE COMING!" At least she doesn't have to fake her fear, though she's excited, as well. She twists around, holding her gun up and aiming for the metal of the stove, just waiting for the exact moment.

The sharp eyes of the Lunar catch sight of her target, just a glint of movement is all it takes. The squeeze of the trigger is soft as the stroke of a feather, the kick of the weapon a tapping of rain on glass, and the spark of the bullet on the metal stovetop a sharp hiss of light. But it only takes that moment to set off an eruption of fire.

The Assembled are punched directly by the truck-sized fist of flame that belches out of the ruined hole. She can hear a loud sizzling and popping sounds, the sounds of sparking, and all manner of other noises from the civilized infrastructure of the townhouse. Upstairs, a fire alarm begins its insistent squeal, and not far behind it, Jet can hear human voices screaming for help.

Jet doesn't hesitate. Her heart is the better part of her. If the assembled lived, she will die. If not, she has some lives to save still. Making no attempt at stealth of evasion, she races full tilt at the voice nearest the building she set aflame. She knows they are on the second floor. Like a missile she throws herself into the sky, crashing through the wall and reaching out to grab those trapped here in her arms. She doesn't plan on sticking around inside.

Jet is glad to be blessed with inhuman speed and strength. The stunned family can only manage to get out a scream before she has all three of them in her grasp. A thrust from her powerful legs and she carries them outside the building, landing gracefully away from the heat of the fire, if not precisely gently. She wastes no time explaining, but is already racing on, pushing herself relentlessly, punching holes in the buildings like a living wrecking ball, her ears straining beyond the screams to pick out the sound of a child crying while his mother watches helplessly below.

The Lunar is bashed, crushed by a falling roof, and her flesh is torn by glass again and again, but she does not stop, charging through open flames. Thinking her labor at last done, she sets down a young girl who stares at her with wide eyes, the child not certain that terror is right. "Save Lucky!" the little girl demands. "Save Lucky, she's in there! She's my kitty!" Jet knows those eyes, and when it comes to it, she cannot say no.

This last act nearly proves fatal. By now, Jet's heavy form is proving a detriment. She's strong, but the timbers are scalded below her. Even her superhuman agility isn't able to save her from harm when the floor gives way. With her mane burning, Jet finally catches the sound of plaintive mewing in a shut closet. The Full Moon can barely see in the smoke, and does the one thing she does best. Hit things hard. She slams a titanic fist through the door to the closet, plucking the kitten out and covering it with her hands almost entirely. With no way back and no way ahead, Jet uses the last bit of strength in the frame beneath her to throw herself skyward, shattering the roof and then kicking herself to safety.

The cat is offered up with a deep sigh and the little girl claps, saying happily, "I KNEW you were a good kitty, too!" Knowing that she's done all she possibly could, Jet smiles at the only one not terrified of her burning, bloodied form for just a moment, then races off, hoping that she can somehow find her friends.

---

Xin, Barry, and Mary stand ready. They hear the secondary explosions. They stand ready, guns pointed at the paths leading out of the townhouse complex. Finally, they spot a tall, lumbering figure. It is Jet, in her hybrid form, something few human beings on Earth have ever seen. Even the Sidereals quail for a moment, but they regain themselves.

"Are they okay?" asks Jet softly. Her voice barely fits the form, now, but she clings to it, thinking the second she lets go, she's not likely to stay on her feet.

Barry rubs his hands together. "They're safe as the Crown Jewels, Jet. I have a very good feeling about this.. This will lead to something good for us, I know it."

"Thank you," says Jet. She looks to Xin a moment, and finally she lets go of that power, breaking away from the rush and all but collapsing into a tight hug of Xin. "Thank you! Thank you all..." And then to Jet the world goes dark..

Xin's arms are already around Jet when she faints. There's nothing to do but sag under the weight of the tiger-woman. "Urgh," she might hear, as unconsciousness rushes up to meet her. Xin rallies magnificently, "Right," and he slips a shoulder under Jet, and then Barry and Mary help him move her, "We've gotta hole up and sleep, for, oh, I dunno, a week."

Xin is trying to shoulder most of Jet's increased mass when the Essence that'd been fueling her form slips away... there's a change from battle-form to woman, and a rather awkward moment as Xin throws himself off-balance and nearly falls over. Thankfully Mary's there to help steady things. They move off as quickly as can be expected down the street, sirens wailing closer and closer. "Turn here," directs Barry. As they turn a corner, they nearly run right into a cab, just coming back on duty. A few moments later, they are driving off to safety. At least, for now.

---

It's strange, how rumor spreads faster than fact. There are many rumors in the Mexican state of Baja these days. Some say that there is a war between the Cartel and their rivals in Juarez. Some say it is between the Mexican syndicates and the Columbians. Some say that the CIA have sent their agents to remove a troublesome vaquero from office.

Some of the rumors are strange; sightings of angels and demons; chupacabras, metal men, and unmarked helicopters. There are new faces in town; gringos that bring violence in their wake. Some even say that they have seen the fabled Santa Muerte, and others say they have seen the Immaculate Conception. There is nearly every kind of wild rumor in the air, save one - the rumor that things may get better. No matter what the gossip, or the strange lights in the sky, nobody bothers to speculate whether tomorrow will be much different from today.

Ironically, that is the purpose to which the Solars have now turned their considerable talent. It all begins with the retired attorney, Santiago Vasconcelos. The man has lived most of his life near Tijuana and knows the farms, the families, the doctors, the lawyers, the cops and the thieves. He even knows, in broad strokes, who is who among the drug smugglers. Most importantly, he knows which ones may still care about the people around them, and which are the mad dogs that need to be put down.

There's little need for computers. The coffee table in the Wonderland trailer is covered with notes: family trees, bank records, topographical maps, even scribblings on water rights. It is nothing less than a complete description of the social dynamics of the entire city.

Benford explains their method to Vasconcelos. "Around here, the government and the syndicate are badly entangled; and you've got American tourists and police all over the place to make things interesting. And yet the system has to continue, because that's the way people survive. But here, we can find ways to change the system. Reduce dependency on corruption for survival. Find ways for citizens to co-operate. Establish forums for settling grievances. It will take a long time; people aren't used to believing. But if we start it here, we will leave this place better than we found it."

And so Morgan and Benford begin to lay the foundation for their new order. As outsiders intruding on the cartels' home turf, the Solars need to _know_ the people of Tijuana, far better than they do now, before they Solars say one word. Santiago is vitally important in knowing who Morgan needs to talk to first, but each conversation leads to new names, new roles. Step by step, Morgan works his way through the web of Tijuana society, taking the pulse, reading the tea leaves, noting opinions of the cartels above all else, but paying attention to any detail that may be important later.

Much of what the people have to say is merely echoes of Santiago's litany when he and the Solars first met - the _yanqui_ who take without giving and punish without helping, and the cartels who provide whatever stability and order they care to. But always there are individual nuances. The man who lives right near the entrance to one of the tunnels says little to a stranger, even with Santiago's approval, but Morgan expertly reads between the lines - the man is grateful for the ransom that buys his silence, but worries that in the end it will cost him more than he can afford. Another woman seethes with barely concealed resentment and grief, for her daughter, after a long day at work in town, said no to the wrong man at the wrong time. Still another shopowner has but little contact with the cartel at all, and his concerns mostly revolve around boorish American tourists.

Almost everyone who Morgan talks to is cautious and reserved, unwilling to speak of incriminating details to a stranger and a _gringo_. But Morgan is skilled at _listening_, not just taking notes but showing every sign of _caring_ about the speaker. And with few exceptions, it is no facade. Poe had been concerned with Mexico's plight even as a mortal, though unlike Diana, he had done relatively little about it. Now that he _knows_ he can help, and how he can help, he throws himself wholeheartedly into his work.

The culmination of the effort is the 'Town Meeting'. There are no formal invitations. A hundred of Tijuana's leading citizens, the keystones in the grand diagram, simply hear the rumor that a discussion of great import will take place on an abandoned farm far south of the City... and that the saints and devils are both expected to be in attendence.

Through the process of organization, Benford and Morgan have discovered something new, something extra, that permeates their drive to reintegrate the communities of the state. More than their mundane awareness of human emotion, more than their conventional talent for fact-finding and organizing, more than anything else - each man recognizes in himself, and in his fellow Exalt, a thread of awareness that transcends the mundane.

Benford finally pins down the feeling during the meeting's call to order, and the abruptness of its revelation shocks him to the core. He felt himself standing on solid ground. Now the sensation is quite different - he can sense the currents shifting beneath him and around him, giving him the sensation of standing on flotsam in the middle of a maelstrom. All around him, the very land seethes and surges. There's no outward manifestation, of course, but he knows what it is he senses. Essence at work.

It is not merely the use of uncaptured motes channeled through his anima banner, as with his Charms. It is the Essence of the community. It is the Essence of the land. It is being charged, slowly but surely. And he and Morgan are at the heart of the hurricane he can feel is forming.

Benford pulls the Eclipse aside for a moment. "Can you feel that? It's like listening to a hundred different instruments and suddenly hearing the symphony. Good lord, we're onto something here."

"You called?" Benford sees the source of the voice. It is a man dressed in the aristocratic garb of the old _caballeros_, a man with a black goatee and hair, a man with four arms. The Unconquered Sun smiles calmly.

The scientist suffers a rare, speechless moment. "My lord," he says simply, and means it. He gestures to the gathering crowd. "For You, and for them."

"Greatness and heroism in battle always attract my attention," the Incarna explains. "I am here to watch. Please, proceed."

Morgan, momentarily struck dumb himself, begins to ask his patron God what he means by battle, then thinks better of it - simply nodding instead. As he of all people well knows, battle is more than weapons and fighting. And besides, the turmoil he and Benford sense in the Essence around them could easily erupt into the more mundane sort of fighting. Morgan is prepared for that, and expects it - in a way that he did _not_ expect a personal appearance from Helios.

Benford says, "Thank you. By your leave, then," and approaches the bonfire with a tall torch. The kerosene soaked rag on the end spontaneosly ignites as he raises it, and the scientist smiles. _Some days it doesn't matter whether you're winning or losing. It only matters that you're doing._ He tosses the torch into the pile of logs and the blaze rapidly spreads, shoring up the fading twilight, focussing the attention of the crowd.

Santiago comes forward, as agreed. The man looks old, but composed. He has regained a measure of his dignity. He has found his pride again. He folds his hands together, bowing his head and closing his eyes in reverence. The crowd follows suit. He begins speaking in Spanish, reciting a prayer. But even those who cannot speak the language know the essence of what he is saying, and it is this:

"Our Lord and Savior, we come before you a humble people. We have been beaten down by the Devil's men. We have suffered greatly. Now these men come to us, promising us great things. They worship strange gods and say strange things. They are foreigners. But they have heard our prayer to You."

"Please, take the Devil away from Tijuana. Please, give us a little peace, even just for right now. Show us if these men are Your servants or more of the Devil's men. Please, Lord, do not abandon us. Amen."

Santiago crosses himself, and steps back. Benford can hear a few sniffles and one softly crying woman in the crowd.

Benford steps forward into the silence left by Santiago's prayer. "What Senor Vasconcelos says is true, but there is more. His plea is as much to each of you, as it is to us, or to Divinity. The power to change depends on choice. That choice is yours alone. We teach; we listen; we open doors, and mend fences. That is today. That is how you have come to be here. What happens tomorrow... well, that's up to you." Then the scientist smiles. "Let's discuss that, shall we?"

"Add to that: we protect, as best we can," says Morgan, speaking up. "The true Devil's Men do not listen and do not discuss - but this is something you already know. We who are His servants must stand together to face them - but as my compatriot says, we must first stand together."

The discussion begins slowly. Benford describes the agenda, drawing out the representatives of each community. Some of those in attendence are reluctant to speak up. Some strained alliances are obvious; the cops don't mix with the smugglers, and the whores don't mix with the clergy. The stories are told - the daily grind for survival, the moments of joy, and the moments of despair; needs, and wants, and aspirations. After a while, the meeting almost runs itself. Smaller groups spin off to deal with particular issues; poor irrigation at these farms, blackouts in that neighborhood. Who will tutor the street kids? Who steps in when a tourist gets rowdy?

Through it all, Benford, listens for the telltale signs of involvement by the Assembled - inhuman visitors, and unusual weapons and wealth; the hidden backers of the some of the Cartel families. Some of the men here are old timers among the narcos, that remember when they were merely criminals, and not the demonized of the War on Drugs. Some of these men may hold the key to unravelling the Assembled plot.

Through it all, Benford continues to feel the currents of Essence at work. He can feel himself descending through the layers of personality as he speaks to a given man or woman, feel the interleaved and manifold complexities of each living soul. It is like staring at the atoms of the body and knowing them for what they are. And he recognizes the value this perception has lent the effort: the Solars can read the hidden strengths and flaws of the mortal citizens of Tijuana like a book, sensing their strengths and weaknesses and automatically matching those up with their fellows in the community.

Benford, personally, can recognize at least three potential marriages and two more which are inevitably doomed. He knows which partners the spouses in conflict will choose next, even if they themselves do not. He knows that one boy called Lupo would be the ideal big brother for quiet Maria, though they live on opposite ends of town. He knows a woodworker who has always yearned to be a pastry chef, and only wants to be taken seriously in the kitchen of a nearby restaurant.

Dreams and aspirations, large and small, are all given a fighting chance. The hundred-odd souls who are present will serve as the matchmakers and implementers over the next few months. Santiago will serve as the clearinghouse and go-between, and the Exalts make clear their intentions to return and again hold court at that time. A few of the cops and crooks alike are introduced to Ricky. Nobody is explicitly introduced to Diana, but it is made clear that Saint Death will also be watching.

Things begin to wind down near midnight, although the current of essence in the ground still wavers and shifts. In twos and threes, the guests depart in vehicles ranging from farm trucks to armored town cars, leaving the Exalts standing in front of a pile of still-glowing embers. _One day,_ Benford muses, _people will speak of this sport as a holy place. And if so, maybe it deserves to be._