She's had this dream a hundred times. It always starts the same. There's a little girl, dressed in black, sitting on a chair in the middle of a park. All around her, there are children laughing and playing, clearly not seeing her there, and family's having picnics, untroubled by the presence of the girl, though in Jet's mind, she seems the center of all attention.

As Jet's perspective moves through the park, things gradually change. The park paths grow clogged, and for no reason she can express, the only way to continue is on the path. She pushes her way through a throng of young boys trying to trip each other, and when one of them falls off the path while she moves through, he simply vanishes. Tension claims Jet's body, and her breath comes faster. She knows that child is dead now.

Frustration is strong in her mind, as well. There are so many people in her way! A young woman is walking ahead of her, and at her side is a young girl of perhaps four or five years pushing a stroller. The two chatter, though Jet can't hear what they are saying. More and more her patience is worn down, and her hands clench. She must get past them.

Then something happens. The mother and daughter stop, and the crying of a baby-amplified far more than normal-pounds at Jet's mind. She puts her hands to her ears and falls to her knees, clawing with silver nails at the path. "Get out of my way!" comes the growling of the Full Moon.

Yet the pair do not hear here. The mother walks to the front of the stroller and leans down, fussing with the baby and removing the straps that hold him in place. "Come on!" screams Jet. "Shut that kid up!" The mother picks up her child, but Jet doesn't wait. She barrels forward. It's too much. She knocks the young woman off the path, and she falls with a pained cry. The other child stares at her mother's body. Unlike the boy, it has not vanished, but lies covered with blood, shredded as if some terrible animal had assaulted it.

"Why?" echos the voice of the little girl. Jet scrambles to her feet and starts to run. All along the way she's knocking people out of the way, forcing herself through a crowd and leaving a trail of dead behind her. The path ahead clears, and just two more women stand in the way, right by the chair, each with a hand on it.

Something is strange about these figures. They seem unmoving. It does not matter. Jet pushes her way around them to at last reach the girl. The two women fall away, and Jet at last is able to look down into a young girl's face. She knows, somewhere in the shadow of her mind, what she will see. It is always the same. It is her sister's face, contorted in fear. The corner of her lips leak blood, and a dark, ugly slash arcs across her throat. She looks up at Jet with agony in her eyes, and she tries to speak, but only a terrible sound of choking comes from her. As in all the other times, it is now that Jet sees the two fallen girls, each with bullet holes in their chests. Natasha and Elizabeth, her best friends, their faces staring at her, their lips moving, but only blood comes from them.

Jet throws back her head and howls, as she always does, her screams falling on dead ears. Those left here do not hear her. They never do.

Jet howls herself awake, right into the bosom of a woman hovering over where she's been sleeping. Two warm arms slide around her automatically, and a hand begins to brush her hair in gentle comfort.

Jet's mind is still reeling, and she grabs hold by pure instinct. "Not real," she whispers faintly. "It's not real. She's not dead!" Her words are desperate, and the nightmare still blurs the waking and the sleeping in her mind. The presence of another is confusing. Jet tries to figure it out, but her mind simply isn't capable of reasoning anything out now at all.

Jet finds that she's no longer in her accustomed bed. In fact, it's not clear where she is just yet. But the soft voice that murmurs words of reassurance in her ear is the voice of a woman she met once before, once when she herself almost died. Luna coos gently. "There, there, Charity.. you were dreaming, sweetie."

Jet isn't sure what to do for a moment, but then simply surrenders to the moment and holds Luna tightly. "The Silver Lady.. it's you," she says quietly. "You found me again." She knows she should wipe her eyes, hide her tears, but it doesn't matter right now. Something tells her that she can never hide anything from this angel that has saved her.

Luna pets and coos a bit more, then draws back to give Jet a look at her face. She's smiling, and behind her is an anonymous wall and ceiling - a strange apartment, lit only by a guttering candle on the verge of extinction. The smell of smoke and burning incense fills the room. "Come on, come back," she whispers with a smile.

Jet shakes her head, trying to clear her mind. "I.. I don't understand," she says at last. "Where am I? How did you bring me here?" She isn't afraid. Nothing seems troubling in the presence of Luna.

"I didn't bring you here," Luna says quietly. "You went out, in animal shape. Another of mine found you and brought you here. He's outside in the hall." She nods her head to a cheap wooden door, sending strands of silvery hair in wavelets down her cheeks in doing so.

"I did?" asks Jet softly. She looks up at her mother, her goddess, and her lover with intent eyes. "How come I can't remember?" she asks. She puts a hand to her head, the headache she feels stubbornly clinging on.

"You were dreaming, honey. You went out. Your instincts took over your body, the way they're meant to." Luna kisses Jet's forehead, then rises and smiles. Jet realizes she's laying on a flat futon mattress. The candle is on the verge of going out when Luna reaches out a fingertip. The guttering red-orange flickers and dies, but a shimmery silvery flame takes its place. Luna looks back. "Trust your instincts," she says. Then she is gone, and Jet cannot precisely remember how or when she left.

Jet sighs softly, and feels that sense of gloomy regret one feels when they wake after a particularly sweet dream. A feeling that is utterly alien to Jet. She looks herself over, pushing her way to her feet. She went out? "I had better figure out where I am," she murmurs to no one in particular. If she went out on her own, she couldn't have gone very far. Surely she's not 'slept' for more than a few hours.

It's only 3:52 a.m., and the little one-room apartment is more like a storage unit with a door that unlocks from the inside. Outside the door is a dingy hallway, and curled up beside the door is a feral-looking wolf. It raises its snout as Jet looks out, then pants a little and climbs to all four paws.

Jet would usually be far more surprised by the sight of a wolf. Luna's warning rather prepared her for some sort of wild encounter. "Thank you," says Jet, nodding her head respectfully. "But now I had best find my way back. I hope I can find a cab." She looks to the wolf, trying to figure out if it reacts to her words.

The wolf whines quietly, walking past Jet into the small room. It noses the door shut, and a few seconds later, the door opens again. Roger Wolf Pads, the Lunar who provided Jet her tattoos, steps out and smiles. "Experience shows, wolf best defense in this neighborhood," he explains.

Jet laughs and offers a hand to Roger. "I didn't expect to see you again so soon!" She had so many questions she wanted to ask him, and yet somehow, none of them matter right now. "You don't live around here, though, do you? It somehow.. doesn't fit." She can't help but envision him living in the wilds, like his ancestors.

The man shakes his head, smiling modestly. "I live where I travel," he says. "But yesterday I receive a message to come to you, so I come."

"You received a message?" asks Jet. "From the Silver Lady?" she asks softly. "Did she know what was going to happen?" She no longer focuses on her surroundings, but instead on Roger, though she's still wary of this strange situation.

The shaman grins and holds up a Verizon phone. "From the man who found you," he says.

Jet arches an eyebrow, "The man who found me?" she asks curiously. With a little grin she teases, "You are really ruining my whole faith in the mystic nature of the universe, you know. Honestly, Verizon!"

"It's a miracle they work," suggests Roger, closing the apartment door behind him. He steps out into the hall and gestures. "Let's walk."

Jet nods, heading down the hall. "So who found me?" she asks as she goes. "One of my friends, or someone else?"

"I found you. You were wandering as a tiger. You scared many people. Nobody was hurt. I think you make the back page of the newspaper." Roger leads the way to a 60's-era staircase at the end of the hall and begins taking the steps two at a time. "I track you, knowing this is not a natural thing."

"Back page.. hmm, I suppose that's not so bad," she murmurs, unable to help but laugh at it. Jet asks seriously, "Will this happen to me again? I don't really like the idea that I might hurt someone without knowing what is going on."

Wolf Pads shrugs as he reaches the bottom step and walks out into the autumn air of early morning. "You need to be tiger. Something inside you said, 'I hunt now'. So you hunted."

"I hunted?" asks Jet. "What was I hunting?" She keeps up, and keeps her voice low, as well. She doesn't want to be overheard. She already fears she's a bit nuts, she doesn't need others thinking the same.

The No Moon shakes his head slowly. "I don't know your heart."

"Where are we?" asks Jet, suddenly wondering if she might know what she was seeking. "How far did I go?"

"Dublin. Highway is near." The suburban neighborhood becomes evident to Jet as the pair walk. "A few hours to return, I think. We are going to meet him, though. He can drive you back."

"Who is he?" asks Jet. She runs a hand through her hair. "A few hours? I really have been running a long time." The Full Moon sighs softly, "I will need to get more control of this, or I might do something dangerous. There's no chance I would hurt someone I care for, correct?"

"You is you," shrugs Roger. "Who would you hurt? That is .. that is who you would hurt, whatever form you take. As for him, he is the man who called me here, who found you."

Jet pauses for a moment, looking thoughtful. "If I must hunt, wouldn't it be wise to actually reach what I seek? I believe I know who it was I was seeking, but she is far away."

Roger laughs at this. "And we always do what is wise, especially when dreaming," he grins.

"I do not claim to be wise," says Jet. "I don't understand why I would hunt instead of staying asleep. I was just hoping that if I went and found what I was hunting in the dream, that maybe it would not happen again. At least not for a while."

Roger nods slowly. He comes to a stop under the glare of a street-lamp. "My friend.. I live in the wolf's skin when I can. It teaches me simple things I forget as a man. Live as the tiger, and listen to what it says to you. Then you have less questions." He points across the street at a black sedan, parked inconspicuously. "He is waiting for us."

"I'm not sure how I can do that, considering how large a tiger is, and how conspicuous," says Jet. "But I will try. Perhaps something will be more clear, though I have a feeling my housemates may find it distressing. Though if I offer them the choice, I think they will take the tiger over the rattlesnake." She makes her way towards the car, eager to see who it was that found her.

The door opens. Inside is the man in the suit, who extends a Taco Bell taco, still wrapped. "Hey," he says. "Hungry?"

Jet reaches out, "Starving. I feel like I've been running for hours." She's joking a bit, but her stomach is growling. "So you found me again, huh? You put some kinda invisible tracking collar on me or something?"

"No, I hired a fuckin' wolf, one of nature's best tracking machines," the man says sardonically.

Jet snickers softly, "You two just can't make up your minds who found me, then!" She will help herself to the food, asking, "You got anything to drink in here? Coke, pepsi, whatever." She has other questions, though, "So are you guys working with Barry and his people? I keep thinking this must be some larger picture, and that I haven't grasped it all yet."

The suit grabs a Diet Pepsi from the cup-holder and passes it over. "'Us guys?' There's me, lady. I don't work for nobody."

"Huh, so why do you keep bailing my ass out of trouble?" asks Jet. "You must work for someone."

"Who do _you_ work for?" he counters evenly.

"The highest bidder, usually," answers Jet. "Some strange guy named Barry has my interest right now, though I haven't a clue what I'm going to be doing for him. I don't think I'll try to get into great detail, cause honestly I don't know much about the job yet." She looks to Roger and then back to the suit, "Honestly, though, I suppose I'm like you. I'm out for myself, and those I care for."

The man chuckles dryly. "You do your thing and I do mine. One of my things is lookin' out for you, and others I encounter, you know?"

"Well.." Jet pauses to chew and then to drink. "Thanks. I'm glad nobody got hurt. I have a feeling I know what I was after, though." She sighs and looks down at her lap, "What's the date? It's just been one night, right? Nothing too crazy, like days, is it?"

"Nono, nothing like that.." The man shrugs. "Get in, I'll drive you back."

Jet finishes eating and drinking before she gets into the car. It's a matter of courtesy. "I bet Becca and the kid are worried sick," the Full Moon says softly. "I hope if I learn more I can control things a bit better, cause god knows where my next dream might take me next."

"If you have concerns, talk to Roger about that," the man says with a frown. "He knows more about this than me."

"I imagine he knows a great deal," says Jet. "And he's given me the starting point I need." Though she feels ill-rested, she hardly wants to take another shot at sleeping. It just doesn't seem wise, and yet she has so little to say right now. She can't seem to focus her thoughts.

The drive is short. The suit drops Jet off at the front door, then speeds off. Inside the apartment, Barry is waiting, sitting on the couch. He's reading _Guns, Germs, and Steel_, and he sets the book down as Jet enters. "Your bed is ready," he says with a smile.

"I'm not sure I'm ready for it," replies Jet. She settles on the couch and sighs, rubbing the heel of her hand against her head. "I've had a strange night. But I imagine you know that already. Is everyone here okay?"

"Sure, things are fine. The security let me know there'd been an exit. You're always free to come and go, of course." Barry stands up and scoops up his book, nodding toward the kitchen. "We have Golden Palace and chopsticks in the fridge, if you're hungry." He begins to move off, heading to bed himself.

Jet looks at Barry with a raised eyebrow. Though she doesn't think Barry would lie to her, she does take the time to go and check first on Timothy, and then on Becca, to make sure they are sleeping easily. The Lunar settles herself by their rooms, standing guard and avoiding sleep through the night.