After so much thinking, Charity has still more questions and thoughts. Though watching her younger sister sleep makes them feel more distant, she looks to her friends and begins her journey. "I want to understand. What do you think we can do about this whole situation with Hugh? Are we supposed to try to stop the inflow of essence, or is it supposed to be redirected? These abstractions are not comfortable to me."

Benford says, "Well... it seems like there's a limit to how many Primordials we can have. In order for Hugh to be born, either Autochton or Gaia has to die. I don't think we could prevent that, even if we wanted to. Hugh is something very powerful, and very new, but also very humane. What we physicists call 'anthropic'."

"We _could_ stop the inflow of Essence, and then Hugh would not be born," says Morgan. "But the impression I get is that the Deliberative back in Creation _wanted_ him to be born." He rubs his chin. "I wonder if the Deliberative's entire plan _was_ to create Hugh, so as to be able to replace Autochthon, and thus end his incursion into Gaia."

"I'm sure that's one level of this matter," Benford opines. "I think that they may also be looking for a way out of the Second Great Prophecy, the one that says that Celestials face damnation, death, or exile. Or it may be that they set up the incursion in order to force this solution to that prophecy..." The scientist shakes his head. "I'm beginning to hate the very idea of prophecy."

"But Hugh is Gaia and Autochthon's child, right?" asks Charity. "If that's true, didn't they both consent already? What are the implications of either of them dying?"

"The cosmos would fundamentally alter," says Morgan. "That much I can guess. _How_, and how much, depends on the manner in which either of the two are altered. As their child, Hugh partakes of some of the natures of both - in fact, that's the only way I can even make sense of the idea of a 'child of Primordials'." He nods to Charity. "And didn't you yourself say that Autochthon had remade himself, sometime in the past? Perhaps the Autochthon that consented to Hugh's genesis is not the Autochthon we face today."

Benford says, "We can be sure that Autochton has changed, since this whole thing began. It's like he doesn't remember anything from then, never mind giving consent, if such a concept applies. Which reminds me. Do you still have that egg?"

"Yes," says Charity. "Do you want to examine it?"

Benford says, "Later. First I'd like to answer the million dollar question: now what do we do?"

"Well, that depends. Is our focus this essence question, fighting the Assembled, or helping humanity field everyday problems?" asks Charity. "I have a feeling we need to focus on the first two. At least I know how to handle the fighting side of things."

"If our intention is to ensure that Hugh is born," says Morgan, "those two questions go together. Only if Autochthon is defeated and remade can Hugh be born, and only if Hugh is born can the excess Essence avoid spilling over into Gaia herself."

Benford says, "Just fighting the Assembled here isn't going to win anything for us. While I was there, I was one of them. We'd have to find and kill the leading lights, and maybe find a way to deliver that to Hugh." Benford stops and scratches his head. "Again I wonder if the Chair is a key here. Old Davron can't have known how big a tin of worms he'd opened."

"As to humanity," he continues, "we save who we can, and get through the main task as quickly as we can. This isn't going to be pretty." _And don't think that doesn't frighten me._

"I think you are implying that we will need help. So how do you want to go about finding more of us?" asks Charity.

"I know _my_ plan for that," says Morgan. "Go public, and invite them to join us."

Benford grins. "The summer solstice is coming soon, is it not? Maybe if we put the word on the grapevine, we can get our allies here. Even if we can't I think we need to speak to Ranapura's keepers again. The Deliberative orchestrated this mess. Perhaps they've got something for us.

Charity grins, "I want to go public, too. I was afraid it was just my desire to be on a magazine cover, but if you two agree it can't be a bad idea, right? So, how do we reveal ourselves to the world? I mean beyond the blowing up of city blocks thing we've done in the past."

Benford says, "This is one of those times that I'd expect either Barry or That Man to show up out of thin air."

"If Barry shows up, it'll be as a ghost," the Man remarks calmly. "Still, we've been working on a plan." Lexi is invited to speak at this point.

The freelance reporter from a small rag has been more than capable, it seems, of exposing a fantastic news story and getting attention. "Glasnost," is the first word out of her mouth. "What you're looking for is glasnost. The trick is to get yourselves out there, and then start doing things. Just doing them, not waiting for reactions. The last thing you want to do is to be reactive. Take questions from reporters, inform people, sure, but don't let them steer your narrative. You gotta be the ones driving. You gotta wake up every day and say 'today we are going to perform a miracle'. It worked for Jesus, it worked for the neoconservatives, and it's gonna work for you."

Benford says, "Miracles. Like the power plant?"

Lexi nods. "Like the power plant, yeah, exactly. Don't stop doing those things. Do things that are obviously amazing. Just keep laying it out there. People will come round to you."

"Like going into a fire and rescuing people?" offers Charity. Yes, yes, she wants to be Superman. Or Spider-Man. Or both.

"Yes. Which leads to Charity's third issue," says Morgan. "We are the saviors of the world,, but people mostly don't realize they need saving from the Assembled. They need saving from the energy crisis, or the banking crisis, or losing their jobs."

"If we're so great, can't we pull it all off at the same time?" asks Charity. "After all, doesn't the Deliberative do all that?"

"As Solars, most of your power comes from getting other people to do stuff for you, or with you," the Man points out. "As Lunars, you rely on your own natures and instincts. So some of you guys will be better cut out than others for certain types of good deeds."

Benford says, "The publicity for this will be one hell of a trick by itself. Perhaps we should just start with the wire services and see what follows from there."

Lexi shakes her head violently. "No, no, no, NO. Don't ever 'see what follows'. You KNOW what will follow. Just keep _doing_."

"From what Lexi is suggesting, we just do things, and then the press handles it," says Charity. "Isn't that the point? The media is out there, they'll cover the hell out of us so long as we remain interesting."

"The media will already be sniffing around the little 'gang war' we had in Tijuana. That's our first chance to get in there," says Morgan. "'Tijuana fell victim to gang violence, only to defend itself with the help of a local militia organized by the Exalted.'"

The reporter bobs her head. "Yeah. I mean, I was so stupid. I was getting some PR work together and I realized. This is the biggest fucking story ever. It's like covering the Crucifixion."

Benford frowns. "Let's try to keep this from turning into a story where one of us gets nailed to something, please."

"Lexi, I don't know much about media. Let's say I wanna play Superman somewhere. What's the best city for me to try that in?" asks Charity. She looks to Morgan, "And don't snicker at me or I'll kick your ass."

"As in the worst city in the world?" The Russian woman shrugs. "Take your pick. Go play in Iraq or something. You want to piss those sons of whores off real bad? Let a woman beat up on them for awhile."

"Or - hahaha! - try Afghanistan."

"Yes, but much of Iraq has a pretty weak media presence," points out Charity. "I need to start somewhere more public, don't I?"

Lexi shrugs. "Every comic book puts its heroes in New York City, if that's all you care about. If you actually want to do some _good_ somewhere, ehh.."

Benford says, "I'd like it if we stuck together. We're going to need transportation. Let's start closer to home for now. Morgan, you must still have a lot of contacts in the press corps. I say, invite them here, and maybe some of the fellows that were covering the power plant, and some of those snooping around since the shooting war started." Beford absently traces a symbol on the tabletop. "Like Lexi said, It's like covering the Crucifixion. Tell them that and they'll be dying to see what happens on Easter."

"Actually, the real excitement happens around Christmas," says Morgan. "Part of our job is preparing people for _that_."

"Oh, I have no intention on being away long anymore," says Charity. "Anyway, closer to home is good. Can I please take this to mean I can act with utter openness now, no skulking or pretending that I'm not a representative of a god?"

Benford says, "A few months ago I might have said, keep it quiet. Now?" He shrugs. "Sure."

"I'll put out some feelers," says Morgan. "Hell, simply letting my bosses at the Times know I'm still alive is going to get some of their attention. 'Morgan, where the hell have you been for the past year or so?' 'Oh, nothing much, just saving the world.'" He grins.

Benford says, "That particular phrase would be indiscreet, but if that's what it takes to get them here, then by all means. If nobody's opposed, let's have it happen in three days."

---

Preparations are made for the news conference. Morgan gets back in touch with his journalist associates, some of whom were already in Tijuana, following the gang war story. Others followed rumors about Morgan himself, who re-appeared in Mexico after a prolonged absence. Lexi also draws in a respectable contingent of samizdat artists, who between them have covered all the major conspiracy theories of late.

Benford prepares a formidable amount of scientific data on DVD and hard-copy. Samples were taken in the aftermath of the assault, and in some cases the gang-bangers were very heavily modified. The evidence, while unpleasant, is undeniable, filling several large freezers. Still, he avoids mention of the Symbiogenesis Device or Hugh's Egg; better not to invite theft of those.

Security is tight. Not so tight as to make the focus of the conference seem like they are afraid or weak, but to make those coming feel safe. The twins are the central security officers, coordinating the local police. All who come are searched, and a few miscreants are caught at the edges of Tijuana and turned away in a variety of ways. The rooftops are manned in a way to keep snipers at bay while not making it appear like a police state. It is exactly as Charity requested.

The format of the conference will be somewhere between scientific colloquium and circus. After the initial exposure of Essence phenomena, demonstrations of the evidence are scheduled. The final event is an announcement of a follow-on meeting on the day of the Solstice.

The overall number of attendees is kept small, for the inevitable flood of questions. Unlike charlatans, however, recording devices are not only allowed, they are encouraged. The message is simple: the world is changing, and for the sake of that world, the new powers will meet the challenge head-on, on the record, and on camera.

Charity's contribution to the invitation list seems, at first glance, absurd. Still, there is a method to her madness. She has invited Kendrick Frazier of the Skeptical Inquirer to attend. He is a man well known for debunking UFO sightings and other myths. On a totally different parallel, she has invited Joel Osteen, an author and pastor of a huge congregation in Houston, Texas. To add grease to the fire she insisted that Fox News send a crew and asked for the science channel to attend. It is some measure of her persuasive powers that this strange group has assembled, even with her paying their way. As a last invitation, she requested a group from the Mayo Clinic come down to examine her.

Charity is dressed to the nines for the event, looking more the part of supermodel than superhero. Still, looking gorgeous seems to be a prereq to the superhero gig. She welcomes everyone personally. She knows their names, knows their backgrounds (thanks to the Sidereals) and teases with details of what is to come without giving away the meat. So what did she tell most of those who answered her call? That is no secret. She told them that today, they would see proof of miracles, proof that God exists.

Inspired by Charity's addition of Joel Olsteen to the guest list, Morgan has added a few others. Prominent Catholic, Jewish, and Islamic luminaries (in particular, Archbishop Norberto Carrera of Mexico City); Richard Dawkins, probably the world's best known proponent of atheism; and an open invitation to leaders of other religious or irreligious traditions. They are invited to a roundtable discussion on the nature of theology in a world where divinity provably exists - and in a form none of the world's religions precisely anticipated.

Major news networks are invited to send representatives: CNN, MSNBC, BBC, NHK, Sky, and Telemundo; and of course, the major wire services: AP, UPI, Reuters, Bloomberg, Xinhua, and Interfax. Following Charity's lead, Benford adds a few specific names to the list: James Randi, a hard-core skeptic; Professor John Marburger, a White House science advisor; and Al Gore, former Vice President.

While preparing for the conference, it becomes obvious that there's no official institution that anyone can name, other than 'Those guys in Tijuana.' So the byline 'Sponsored by The Terrestrial Deliberative Group' is added as a generic label for the organization. "Time will tell if we live up to the name," Benford states, "and if they think we're just another mindless thinktank, that's not bad for now."

"Anyone who thinks we're just a mindless think tank after the show Charity is planning," says Morgan, "has their head up their- in the sand. If anything, I'm worried they'll think we're some sort of new age religious nutjobs."

"Well. Some people believe in string theory," Benford quips. "Anyway, we're just alerting them to the presence of Essence, the Autochtonian invasion, and announcing our intention to help. Most of them are prepared to believe in angels and aliens. This should go down well; we're not saying the world will end, and we're not asking anybody to worship anything."

Morgan's fears are somewhat allayed by the responses the invitations have been getting. Working fusion power is a hard thing to deny, even if the subsequent allegations sound crazy. It has at least bought the group their 15 minutes.

Lexi, hovering nearby, elbows Benford in the ribs. "You think so, huh?" she asks. "What, you expect to tell people 'hey, there are gods', and then expect them to react with 'oh, yes, how very nice, excuse us it's tea time'?"

Benford winces; and rubs his side. "Maybe not in so many words. I'm hoping that after an initial period of hysteria and vomiting, they'll get back to the business of living their lives."

"You can hope all you like," the woman says, peering with her single visible eye. "What do you _know_ is gonna happen? Prepare for _that_."

"That's my intention," says Morgan, nodding to Lexi. "We're planning to turn thousands of years of theology on its head. If we don't want riots in every church, mosque, synagogue, shrine, and circle of standing stones on the planet, we need to help the religious people of the world adapt."

Charity picks this time to wind up by Benford and Lexi. "So, we ready to get this party started?" She looks to the back of the room and grins at her family. They're dressed modestly and doing what they can to not attract too much notice. Still, everyone here gets a few looks. "I think if we make them wait much longer they may explode from sheer anticipation."

Morgan nods, and puts on an old fedora. "Well, we can't have that, can we?" he says, as he makes his way to the podium.

Charity watches Morgan step to the podium with a smile. "I love these little announcements that change the very notion humanity has of reality."

Morgan steps onto the stage and into the focus of several of the world's most influential citizens. He thrives on this sort of stuff. "Good day, ladies and gentlemen of the world. A few months ago, here in Tijuana, we announced the discovery of practical fusion power. Today, in the aftermath of an attempt to shut that down, we are here to tell you that fusion power is the tip of the iceberg..."

The intrepid reporter waits for the skeptical murmuring to die down, then continues. "I'm sure you've all heard this sort of pitch before," he acknowledges. "But this is different. Before you leave this city, you will all be confronted with the undeniable proof that the nature of this world is other than you imagine. All of you." He looks out over the audience. "And you will be informed of a threat to the very nature of humanity itself."

This time, the grumbling is much louder, and Morgan has to raise his voice. Or rather, he would have to, if he were mortal. Instead, he says the words "Ladies and gentlemen," in a tone of voice that all but commands attention. When the noise dies down, he continues. "I think now is the time for us to begin our demonstration."

Charity steps forward then, lazily reaching up to pluck the chopsticks from her hair, allowing the locks to tumble down. With a flick of her wrist she sends them soaring to the wall, where they are buried as if fired by a nail gun. "I believe it is best to skip right to the point. Please understand that we all have different abilities, it is just that mine are the most obvious." She looks to the representatives for the science channel and nods. They seem to know what they are doing. A man in a white jacket walks up to Charity and draws out a package of medical supplies. In short order, he has two vials ready and a needle out.

Charity gestures to a nervous looking reporter standing in front of a Fox News camera. "Don't look so terrified, dear. All you have to do is keep a hand on my shoulder. I hope you like cats." She draws in a breath, "Now everyone relax, stay with me, and whatever you do, don't blink." That seems to be the cue. The needle is stuck into her arm and the first vial filled with her blood. Once it is removed and a second put in its place Charity's body quickly begins to contort. Striking white and black fur covers her body, her fingers grow thick, claws project instead of nails, and her bulk increases massively as she settles into the form of a great siberian tiger. Around her the soft glow of essence glows for but a moment before it is drawn away. The second vial is drawn and stored in short order, and several men and women from the science channel's group nervously step up to take samples of hair and to test this vision by setting their hands on the beast's powerful shoulders.

"This is.. holy fucking shit, Ted! I felt her flesh changing under my hands. Jesus Christ!" The reporter is shouting into his microphone, though the room is silent, now that the wave of gasps has passed over. "The scientists are taking samples now."

The reaction of others is a mixture of panic and then quick attempts to act calm and take this in. Some move closer, urged on by their own curiosity to touch the cat and see if it's real. A curious whisper rings out at a time of silence and carries over the crowd, "Where'd her clothes go?" An embarassed laugh follows.

Benford has an excellent view from his position in the front row. He keeps his face carefully neutral; extraordinary observations must come before extraordinary claims. He cannot, however, calm the rush of adrenaline that comes with the demonstration. _To hell with skulking about. We're way out of the bag now._

Morgan speaks into his microphone. "Her clothes go Elsewhere, and they will return when she changes back." Nodding to the representatives from the science community, he says, "That's Elsewhere with a capital E, guys. It's a technical term. We'll have a session later with Dr. Benford for anyone who's interested."

Charity has to do more to prove herself, however. Who knows what exotic theories might explain this for debunkers. The presence of an infrared camera will help show her change, but there's another idea. She waits for a few minutes to let everyone have their chance to verify her exist in the tactile way. When this process seems to be done, Charity stalks over to a large scale and the scientists coat parts of her body with gel and set-up their ultrasound. X-rays will have to come later.

A clever substitution could have been attempted, of course. Charity could have simply been removed, to be replaced with a very smart big cat. Perhaps even a trained one. But what would be harder to falsify is a big cat, using its claws to type on a mechanical typewriter, flawlessly taking transcription of spoken words from the audience while wearing a blindfold.

There is one last way Charity can answer that challenge that is beyond refutation, beyond any explainable phenomenon. Again her form changes, and the scale sways wildly as Charity somehow manages to gain hundreds of pounds in a period of less than a second. What confronts the room now is a towering Lunar in its warform, mingling the deadly powers of cat and woman in a form that is both terrifying and breathtakingly beautiful. "I would type more for you, but I've never been very good with computers," she explains in a deep, almost sensuous voice.

The room should be flooded with panic, and perhaps for a heartbeat it seems this change might be too much. However, Charity is a Lunar, and her divine nature is not just a gift of muscle and sinew. Her's is a raw charisma that binds people to stay rooted where they stand, and her beauty remains, though now it is almost alien. She places a supporting hand on the shoulder of a trembling scientist and jokes, "Sorry, did I break some law or other that you were fond of?"

This trick seems to have been enough. The group of skeptics turns into a very pleased audience, applauding and cheering. The nervous laughter is replaced now by joy at this truly wondrous sight. One of the myriad of reporters delivers it clearly, "Well, I can only say to the viewers at home that it feels amazing-like being a kid again-to see something truly new. To make it real and touch it with your hands, so you have no doubts at all left in your mind."

Morgan's eyes glint mischievously. Feigning a serious expression, he stalks up to Charity, scribbing on his ever-present notepad. "Excuse me, miss, but I can't help but notice you violating the law of conservation of energy," he says, in the tone that instantly evokes every traffic cop on the planet. Can I see some form of identification, please?

Charity nods, "Of course. Our identification is impossible to forge." A disc of pure silver bursts into light on her forehead. "And this is how you will know who we are. I am of the Full Moon Caste of Luna's Chosen."

Morgan allows his own circle-and-dot to illuminate. "And I am Chosen of Sol Invictus, the Unconquered Sun. Eclipse Caste." He looks out over the audience. "When my colleague said that this is impossible to forge, she means it. None of you, no matter how hard you try, would be able to create an appearance that exactly matches what you see on either of your foreheads - unless, of course, you are yourself Chosen." This last is delivered with a subtle invitation to anyone who is willing and able to do so.

Benford gets up from his seat and moves to stand beside Morgan and Charity, illuminating his Twilight mark, and otherwise remaining silent. Words will not add anything at the moment.

John Heilprin - Associated Press: "The Unconquered Sun is the name of an old Roman deity. Are you saying that you are associated with the Roman pantheon of gods? Can you clarify the theology you're propounding here?"

"Not exactly," says Andrew Morgan. "The Unconquered Sun and Luna are simply what their name implies: the animating spirits of the sun and the moon, respectively. These things, as well as the planets and stars, are prominent and extremely important parts of our world, and many religions throughout history have turned their attention to them."

Kendrick Frazier - Skeptical Inquirer: "Will you be scheduling a forum for people to address these frankly wild claims? I believe my own eyes, but I'd sure like the scientists of the world to have a chance to respond here, just in case my eyes were wrong."

"Been there, done that, got the tattoo, Mister Frazier," Benford quips. A short, nervous ripple of laughter passes through the room. "In all seriousness, this is an observable, measurable, and explicable phenomenon. We're still dealing with the implications, but I am quite confident that there will be science to explain even this. There will be a forum on that subject later today and I will personally be at your service."

Joel Osteen - Lakeview Church: "So as I'm hearing you tell it, it sounds like you deny the truth of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible tells us that the Devil will come in ah, heh, pleasing form, working miracles to deceive the elect. Do you have a comment on this?"

"The Bible also tells us the truth will set us free," replies Charity. "We don't deny the power of forgiveness, nor do we profess to be infallible beings. We leave it to your wisdom and judgement to decide if we are angels or demons. We ask that you judge us on both our intent and the outcome of our labors, which we will make clear as often as possible."

Archbishop Norberto Carrera - Roman Catholic Church: "You are here, certainly, among us. May I ask what it is you were sent here to do? And what it is we are expected to do as well?"

"It will be easier to address the second part of your question first, Your Excellency. As far as I know, what you are expected to do - what we all are expected to do - is what we believe is right. Some of us may arrive at that belief through faith and prayer, and others through theory and calculation. That part of the human condition has not changed. As to the first part of your question..." Benford sighs, and waves to the wings, and an attendant delivers a cart of Alchemical augmentations. Large monitors on the walls scroll through camera angles of the samples.

"Exaltation is not the only new phenomenon under the Sun," Benford continues. "There are other visitors, as well, and these are their artifacts. Put simply, we are here, because they are here, and they are not always our friends."

William Lind - UPI: "What were the factors that led you to announce yourselves to the world at this time?"

Morgan gestures to the monitors. "This is why," he says. "The recent attack on Tijuana was at the hands of such as these. And there have been other incursions on our world from them or their allies. We made this announcement because, for all our abilities, we cannot fight them alone."

Professor Richard Dawkins - University of Oxford: "You've given me something I can see and understand. Are you prepared to describe the biological or chemical basis for what we've all witnessed here today? How did you come to be endowed with these abilities? Because if you need more people, this seems rather an important question."

"Insofar as we understand that basis, yes," Benford says. "We do know that some Exaltations are genetically linked, but the physical basis for its operation is at the quantum level and is quote poorly understood end-quote." The scientist lifts a thick sheaf of laser-printed notes. "I'll be available to discuss the details later."

Al Gore - Former Vice President: "You described the Sun and Moon as animate beings. Are there other such beings of comparable magnitude, and can you briefly enumerate over them? Do such beings have agendas of their own?"

"You have a sharp eye, Vice President Gore," says Charity. She is tempted to barb the republican party, but she can play nice even when she's a titanic cat monster. "There are others, such as our host Gaia herself, and the Maidens Mars, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn. I view it as not so much differing agendas, but all approaching a similar problem in different ways."

Charity raises a hand in the face of many more questions. "For now, we are going to adjourn the press conference, but don't worry, we are going to make ourselves available for several hours for questions, and many times in the days and weeks to come. I believe that Newton will be inviting some of you over to discuss the universe at this time. I will be outside, taking a few more tests to satisfy your reasonable need for proof and being the entertaining hostess. Any other groups may speak to Lexi for logistics." The Lunar heads through the crowd, her imposing form easily parting the group as she goes outside.