At the Man's unexpected urging, Morgan and Jet go to look for Dr. Benford near the Symbiogenesis device. What the three Exalted find there isn't what they expected.

They find two simple geometric shapes. One, a cube which they recognize for storing Assembled souls and symbiotes. It has a piece of tape with a sharpie-written label on it, reading DR. NEWTON BENFORD. The other, a five-foot cylinder too thick to be a simple rod, but equipped with handgrips. It has another taped label on it. It reads THE MAJOR.

Charity looks at the cube with a frown. "He couldn't.. could he? Why?" The other object hardly seems to shed any light on the situation. Out of curiosity the Lunar examins the rod closely, reaching out to take hold of it. "The Major? What the hell is this? Poe, what's going on?"

Abruptly, a single blade pops out of the staff. Jet, looking closely, can see that there's possibly several more contained within. A voice sounds in Jet's mind as she makes contact with it. "I am Kusanagi, but I sleep. Wake me when you need my strength," it whispers.

Morgan looks from one to the other. "I... have no idea, Charity," he says, putting his hand upon the cube labeled with Benford's name. "Obviously, he's made a weapon, but... this..." On a whim, he allows a fraction of his anima to venture forth into the Autochthonian material, as if he might guess what secrets it holds that way.

Within the cube, Morgan feels something. A sleeping symbiote, a thing of Essence, like Eddie.

Morgan looks at the cube. "He's put something in here. Something... with his name?" He glares at the symbiogenesis chair. "Dear god... what has he done? And _why_?" He goes over to the machine and pokes at the connectors, which Benford himself had used so skillfully. "How did he make this thing work? The least he could've done is left a note... and maybe he did, if we can only figure out how to read it..."

"Kusanagi?" murmurs Charity. She knows she's heard that name somewhere. She lifts the weapon and looks over it slowly. Just beyond perception, there's something waiting for her, and then she focuses her mind. She has projected essence for other purposes, and wielded it in many ways, but this is different somehow. She is extending a part of herself into the soul of the weapon, and more, her spirit and the weapon's merge as well.

Charity is roused from this merging with a start and she looks to Poe, all he has said registers in the space of a heartbeat. "Why the hell would he put himself in that box? What happened to his body?"

The Man shakes his head. "He's gone," he says at last. "I think if we need whatever he left there, we'll know when."

Charity sighs softly, "We have no choice but to go on. We have a war to win, and people we must find. Newton will come back. Whatever he's doing, if anyone is clever enough to come back out of it, he is." She looks down at the weapon that was one of Dr. Benford's very last works. "I intend to put what he's left behind to good use."

Morgan shakes his head. "Well, knowing the future's your department, I guess," he says to the Man. "If nothing else... we need to find more Solars anyway. Sooner or later we'll find someone else who'll know how to work this thing, and then we'll be able to talk to him," he says, patting Benford's box. "In the meantime... he had to have had a reason. I just... I just hope it was a good one."

The Sidereal laughs sardonically. "He's off doing something stupid, I'm sure. Now come on, I have some leads for you."

Charity nods, "I'm sure he had his reasons." She turns to the Man. "We're starting now. We're going to deal with this African question. We can't afford to be divided anymore. We'll follow your leads, but I want to be sure those we have found already are being adequately supported."

The Man beckons for the two Exalts to follow him.

---

August 4, 2008. Tijuana. The Man isn't cooperating with Barry and the All-Stars. He's got his own little operation, which he keeps rigidly separate. He doesn't use Barry's notekeeping system. He prefers old-fashioned manila envelopes and typed documents.

He even refuses to use the first Raven prototype, a device that Benford and Marlene hacked together using some open components and manic round-the-clock programming. He slaps two folders down in front of Charity and Morgan. "South America. The Jaguar Hombre. Works with FARC rebels. That was a good lead. Turns out there are stories about such a guy running all down the length of Chile and Argentina too. Totally crazy. Sounds like a good candidate, right?"

"Totally crazy?" asks Charity. That's hardly the best sounding description. "Hell with it, any port in a storm. Where is this crazy bastard now? We don't have time to twiddle."

Morgan flips through his folder. "A good candidate for _what_, is the question. Not the asylum, I'll say that much. From what you've got here, I doubt there's an asylum that will hold him. Not even Walla Walla." He looks up, nodding to Charity. "Between the two of us, _one_ of us should be able to find a way to communicate with him."

"You'll find him. Just follow the blood." The Man smiles grimly. "The other lead is in Africa, since you asked. Lagos. Some kind of doctor. I guess the Shadow Synod knew something about him but didn't make contact. You guys are going to come with me to sort this shit out and pronto. I don't want to fuck around like this. Those African punks think they're gonna mess with _me_, that means they're gonna have a fight."

"Just tell me whose ass I have to kick," says Charity. "We need these people to get it together. We have to get to Ranapura and stop spinning our wheels while the enemy gathers more power."

The Man nods. "Just bag these guys. Go find the Jaguar Hombre or whatever his name turns out to be. I'll set up for Africa."

"If he's a hopeless nutjob what should we do? Bring him back in a cage?" asks Charity. She doesn't propose the alternative, which is in pieces. "I'm not precisely a psychiatrist."

Morgan shrugs. "Aim him at the Assembled and stand back, I guess."

The Man nods. "Listen. I don't care if you find Osama bin Laden out there. If his fucking forehead lights up, you bring him back. If we _can't_ use him, then recycle him. I trust you know how."

"Looks like the Major and I have to get to work," says Charity. "He'll come back, whether his heart is beating at that point or not is up to him. We will try to point him in the right direction, of course. We just can't afford to screw around. So let's get going."

---

It takes seven days for Jet and Morgan to identify and infiltrate rebel camps. It takes two more to hear stories about the Jaguar Hombre - the Colombian name for this strange man who comes and goes from the jungle.

A jungle jaguar can't be tracked except by the wisest of hunters. Fortunately Andrew Morgan is on the case. Within a few hours the reporter has identified five factors that draw Jaguar Hombre from camp to camp, women and food being among them. The man seems to know where captives and recruits are going, and picks out the best of them for himself. With this in mind, and with Jet again playing her "beautiful captive" role, a trap is easy to spring.

Sure enough, the Jaguar Hombre shows up. His impressive reputation is easy to understand. He comes into the camp at night, nine feet tall in full Lunar war-form. Waiting in the cabin with other girls, Jet can smell the feral scent and knows there is something corrupt about it. _Chimera!_ scream her thousand instinctual senses. _Wyld-tainted Chimera! Beware._

Charity listens to instinct, and knows she must be more than she is to match this danger. Power pours into her from her engine, but also something else. For a moment she notices it, and then the distinction is gone. She can't trust others. She's only one that can handle this, and she will do it her way. Claiming her totem form immediately she explodes from the cabin, not even bothering to open the door. Silver light flows from her and the giant Lunar moves forward with a growl, seeking the tainted one.

This is something new for the Colombians, and they waste no time running for the jungle and leaping for their vehicles. One Jaguar, perhaps, they could cope with. But two bestial gods is too rich for their blood.

Charity had warned Morgan about how dangerous a foe they would face, and that she would not hold back; he remembers Juarez, and how she did not want him to watch her then, either. When he sees the FARC rebels and refugees flee for their lives from the hut, he knows what has begun; he closes his eyes and addresses a prayer to the Unconquered Sun that Charity will be all right.

Charity doesn't care about the Colombians. They would just be a distraction. Her focus is on the enemy before her. She doesn't know why she's out for blood, but among Lunars instinct is king. The Major is brought to bear and Charity projects her will forth, _Awaken, Kusanagi. Tonight your thirst shall be slaked._ Charity's voice is a roar, "Chimera! Twisted one!"

The mighty Jaguar wheels on his paws, flexing the claws of his hand and grinning. "Hey, _puta_," he growls. "Let's rumble."

The staff in Charity's claw begins sprouting its blades. A deadly flower of Autochthonian metal blossoms around both ends, and the thing crackles with electricity. The Lunar feels the weapon roaring in her mind. It is responding to her rage and will to fight, unveiling its true power in answer.

The Jaguar Hombre rushes forward. His claws are out, and there's a vicious leer on his face. He licks his lips, cutting his own tongue open with his fangs in the process, but he doesn't seem to care at all.

The flurry of claws scratches Jet across the flank, but a brief exertion of willpower closes the wound before she even has time to bleed. In a split-second, the Jaguar Hombre's blood-covered claws are at his mouth, and he takes a quick lick before the inevitable counterattack.

Charity regards her enemy with contempt. She will not let him escape, and her speed is far too great to be shaken off. She moves like through the camp like a tornado, leaping after her enemy. Seeing a can of gasoline ahead, her attack makes use of it, slamming through it in a great arc, igniting the fuel with a greater crackling of electricity as the weapon lashes out at her enemy in two vicious, sweeping blows.

The Jaguar Hombre catches on fire, briefly. He rolls, putting the flames on his fur out as a side effect of his evasion, but he isn't swift enough. Instead he lashes out with a sudden kick of a clawed foot, trying to catch Charity off-guard.

Charity is tired of screwing around. With her enemy at last staying put and fighting she shrugs off his blows and with a roar feints a first swing, moving slow for just a heartbeat and then shifting her blow strangely, diving past her enemy and slashing first at his side and slamming the other end of the weapon into an electrical transformer. For a moment she leaves the ground, and then as the weapon is swung free for a second attack her feet return to the ground.

Jet's first strike is true, the power of the transformer flies down her weapon, the force of it so great that it seems the second errant blow won't be needed. Blood steams off the tip of Kusanagi and Jet glares at her wounded enemy, hissing, "Stop! You are beaten! This moon is not meant to be your last." Still, she stands ready to alter her words in a heartbeat.

The Jaguar Hombre still has some life left in him. He clutches his side with one claw, kneeling on the ground and panting heavily. "Listen," he murmurs, between pained breaths. "You better not do like I did, 'k? Don' use that power 'less you have to. I go out while I got control of it..." He stands with effort, glowering at his opponent. "I go out like a _man_." And he charges straight at Jet, a suicide attack.

Charity knows what the enemy is trying, she knows that she could kill him easily. "No. Too much death. It's time for healing." She shifts her grip on her weapon, waiting for the very last second to slam the weapon forward, smashing the shaft of it into her enemy's face. Enough to knock him senseless to be sure, but she hopes not enough to kill him.

Charity looks down at her enemy and thinks quickly. _Snake! Is there some way to disable his symbiote? I need to deny him access to greater essence._ She's still unsure what to make of this weird alliance with Snake, but so long as they can work together she'll deal with it. There's too much work to be done to fret over the details.

"Tie him up, get him back to the chair, and rip it out of him," Snake suggests.

Charity nods. "That'll have to do. I just hope we know enough to use the chair correctly." She has a feeling even if Snake knows how, she won't know enough to understand. For now, she's going to have to bet that a half ton of chains and enough sedatives to knock-out an elephant will do.

As soon as the Jaguar is under control, Charity releases her engine. She feels something strange happening, though she cannot be sure just what it is. There's a moment where she might grab some hold of herself, and then it is gone, lost. The result is unpleasant.

She finds herself rather impossible to control. Even the least suggestion gets under her skin. She won't allow Poe to help in managing the prisoner. Her measurements of the sedative are not as precise, and so many times the Jaguar wakes, raving like a madman. Charity ignores him, and grumbles to herself constantly about dealing with the symbiote, and how she will have to do it all so 'those idiots' don't screw it all up like they always do.

It's more than just important things. Suggestions that she should rest are met with growls, and any call for a change in her travel plans are met with an utter lack of interest. "Do whatever the hell you want. I have to do this, everyone else is just going to get in my way."

Morgan finds himself increasingly frustrated. He was rather counting on having to deal with one hard-to-manage Lunar this trip - he wasn't prepared to deal with two. Still, he does his level best to keep from losing his own head, and ends up spending most of the trip running interference for Jet to keep her from antagonizing anyone else, since he isn't being allowed to do much to help with Jaguar directly.

The very strange and unpleasant behavior lasts for two days. Without any warning it just ends, and Morgan finds Charity chatty and smiling hopefully. It's obvious something has changed in her attitude when she says, "I don't think I'm very good at dosing him. Could you help me get it right? I'm rather tired of listening to his raving."

Morgan's smile is a little crazed. "I know what you mean. There's just something about a crazed... about his crazed rantings that gets to you, isn't there?" he says, just barely stopping himself in time from making a pointed remark about her own behavior. No need to set her off again, he figures, not when she's finally managed to get hold of herself.

Charity looks a bit sheepish. "Sorry I've been PMSing on you," she says quietly. "I think it's from everything that is going on, and this guy being crazy. I mean, really, really crazy. He threw himself at me in the hopes that I'd kill him. He seemed to think that if I used the power too much I'd wind up just like he is. As if we don't have enough to worry about, right?"

Morgan scratches his head. "_Something_ must be eating away at his mind, I guess. Until you came along he was driving it out with women, food, and fighting. I guess it's up to us to see if we can find a smarter way to deal with it." He laughs dryly. "Remember how I said to the Man that no asylum would hold him? I guess we're gonna have to make one."

"We're going to see if we can help him by removing his symbiote," says Charity. "At the least it will make him a little easier to control. Um. Assuming we can figure out how to do that."

Benford, and now Marlene, have been working on an operating manual of sorts for the captured Alchemical chair. Some of it is written in no Earthly tongue, but most of it is thankfully in English. It is enough that the two returning Exalts can operate it more or less safely. They think.

Charity looks at the manual like one might regard a dangerous serpent. She is definitely accepting Poe's help here. Even as she understands the words in front of her she feels a bit lost. Still, she tries to grasp the words and listens to the whispers of instinct as she makes her attempt.

Morgan circles the chair, running one hand over the sides as he holds the manual in the other hand. "This makes me feel less like Rube Goldberg and more like a just plain rube. Still, we can only do our best." He allows his anima to trace through the parts, and sits in the chair as well, entering the meditation trance that Xin taught him. If he lacks the native skills to work with Assembled technology, he can at least work with the tools he has.

While the Man watches, and Marlene helps, Charity and Morgan do their best to help the Jaguar Hombre. Snake doesn't know any specifics of this particular procedure, but he retains a great deal of practical knowledge about the general process of soul transfer.

Ultimately, it is the advice of her detested enemy that helps Jet the most. "He's still got it," Snake observes, watching through her eyes at the Contrite Diagnostic Experience. "He's still fucked up. The Vessel itself? Pure as Sonora blow. Whatever happened, it's all in him."

"Maybe, you know, you guys get stamped with the Exaltation even if you're just _fucking crazy as dogshit_. Have you considered that for a moment?"

"Considering the nature of Luna, that is quite likely," replies Charity. "But it doesn't change our purpose here. His mind is broken, and I'd rather find a way to fix it then flush him out of the system."

Snake chortles. "I have _no idea_ how to do that without killing him first and xeroxing his brain. That probably de-Exalts him. But you could have just iced him anyway, right? So get him industrial-strength Prozac or some shit."

The symbiote has more. Charity finds herself shocked at what she hears Snake saying. "So uh, you know how the Engine works, right? How Essence magnification works? I ain't sayin' I do, but I remember hearin' shit, you know? So what it does is intensify your uh, your Principle. I guess your true self. Makes you more of what you are. And _that_ triggers a release of Essence. So he had to be crazy already. Engine just made him more so. What do you think?"

"I think it's possible," says Charity. She frowns thoughtfully, "We are all chosen for different reasons, and perhaps there was something redeeming in there. Whatever it was, Luna saw that value, and I feel obligated to preserve it until it is clear there is no other way."

"Well good luck wid' dat shit," is Snake's final word on the matter.

"No shit," agrees Charity quietly. She knows this is ridiculous, but ridiculous is what exalts seem to pull off all the time.

When Charity recounts this conversation to Morgan, the Eclipse ponders it for a while. "So Snake said 'good luck' to you, did he?" he says finally, with a smile. "Well, we're Exalts. We make our own luck."