As the days and months slip by, Jack Jones finds himself coming to a final acceptance of the terms of his new condition. The halls and rooms of Hel's safehouse burn themselves into his mind, as - not a man of inactivity - he is often seen wandering them idly; be it in silence, softly humming, or conversing with himself in a low tone.

The man who Jack was is changing. It is a soft, quiet change, and, without close companions, the shift is largely noticed only by its subject. The words that Hel has told him were accepted on the intellectual level, but denied access to the part of psyche reserved for truth. Now, they find their way in. As Jack exercises his newfound powers, the normally-unflappable man finds himself surprised again and again. The stars speak to him, and shine in his nigh-immortal soul. He commands his body as never before. To his perception, the world is a changed place; one of many more possibilities and colours than before.

Most disturbing of all is the sense of disconnection from real self. Though he was never so firmly rooted by an identity, this is another thing; in his mind, people from his past have become mere _figures_, rather than flesh and blood. He resists, but finds the shift irreversible. Among the many weapons of time, it seems, is to turn lies to truth. And so it has become.

The Sidereal follows an arbitrary routine. He watches television, but often in any meaningful sense; with the remote at his side and channels flickering, Jack can be seen simply letting the sensation of sight and sound _wash_ over him. He spends much time conversing with Benford, or taking long drives in his pilfered BMW to a variety of places.

He takes one of those solitary drives now, his hands - clothed in black leather driving gloves - resting easily upon the BMW's wheel as it rolls out of the Genevan safehouse. He pulls onto the roads and begins a winding course towards a popular location: Lake Geneva, the city's namesake.

The sidestreets and roads pass by smoothly, and the engine's purr accompanies an eclectic mix of Beethoven symphonies. Jack is somewhat surprised to find himself approaching the junction of the River Rhone and Lake Geneva - rather than the main body as he intended - but does not change course. He taps his fingers lightly on the wheel, sunglasses flashing in the light.

The car rolls to a stop by the side of the road, and Jack steps out, lighting a fresh cigarette. He puffs for a while, gazing at the water, and then begins to walk towards the junction between the bodies of water.

The distant mountains are blue-white craggy cones capped with snow, and misty clouds gather near their peaks. Upriver, the greenery on both sides of the water is rich and runs almost to the shoreline. Here it is more spartan, though clearly the natural world intends to intrude upon human civilization as much as possible.

The mixed smell of burning wood and marijuana signals the presence of campers - far enough away not to disturb him. The sound of the water's flow has a calming effect. Jack stares down into the motion of the current, watching for a moment with fascination as he discerns _pattern_ in the random eddies and eternal twists of the water. Such chaos, yet behind it there lurks something of a design. It's a peculiar feeling.

Jack looks down again, realizing that his reflection in the water is waving at him. He realizes a moment later that he isn't waving back.

The Exalt blinks, quickly pulling his glasses down to get a clearer view. After a moment, he lets out a brief chuckle, and shakes his head.

The imperfect reflection makes a beckoning gesture with his hand.

"What in the..." Jack mumbles, cocking his head. He crouches down to get a closer, and clearer, look.

The rushing sound of the water seems to be what's masking the voice which Jack now hears. His wavy reflection is smiling and speaking. "Hallo!"

Jack's eyebrows shoot up. He glances about, then turns back to the reflection. "Hi?" he responds, baffled caution clear in his voice.

The reflection laughs, quietly, barely audible over the river. "You're high, Jack. You've taken several hits of marijuana and are hallucinating," it says.

"Well, that's okay, then," Jack says dryly. "You had me worried."

"You don't talk much do you," says the reflection, grinning cheerfully.

Jack shakes his head and turns away again, then looks back, with a slight lopsided smile. "I've heard myself before."

"Oh really?" The reflection sounds unimpressed, and backs up, visibly breaking with the 'real' position of Jack's body. "If I'm you, then what's my name?"

"Why don't you tell me?" the courier answers quickly, studying the now-autonomous reflection with obvious curiosity.

The reflection shakes its head and chuckles, the sound mixing with that of the Rhone. "I thought I was you, remember?"

"So did I," mutters Jack softly. "But now? Well, I'm not so sure," he adds, after a pause.

The water-Jack chuckles. "Making you feel unsure is my purpose. Once that is done, we can proceed to the more important things." The simulacrum squats down on its haunches, peering 'down' at the water and at Jack. "You'll feel puzzled a great deal when talking to me. Have faith that it's for the best."

Jack snorts, and eyes the reflection. Amusement and faint suspicion mix in his eyes, and slowly he reaches out towards it with a hand. "What are you?"

"Let's dispense with 'what do you think I am?', then," the mirror-Jack says, squatting down on the reflected riverbank. "I'm clearly a consequence of your Exaltation, unless you feel more comfortable believing I'm a hallucination. If it helps, think of me as one - a sign of your own subconscious at work, perhaps. Or perhaps I am more. Which makes you feel better?"

Jack withdraws his hand, opening his mouth, then closing it again a moment later. "I'll let you know when I decide," he says, at length. "Either way, you must have.. a purpose."

"Beside puzzlement, I hope," he adds wryly.

"Puzzlement is my purpose," grins the reflection. "How are you to do what you must do, if you don't ask questions? ..." This makes the other-Jack smile in a disconcerting fashion. "What _is_ it that you must do?"

"I think we're all asking ourselves that," Jack says. "Though perhaps not quite like this."

The reflection chuckles. "A non-answer. I expect better."

"I don't know, then, unless you're in the business of giving hints. I expect matters will unfold, and I'll choose my place in them."

Other-Jack shakes its head. "I am giving hints. You expect wrong, if you think you can choose your place, Jack. All I'm asking you to do is recognize it. Do you?"

Jack narrows his eyes. "What do you want me to say, exactly? That I'll submit to your will? To Hel's, or even Newton's? I think not."

The reflection laughs out loud - gaily, happily, an experience odd for Jack given that it's 'him' doing it. "Is that your best assumption? That I'm asking you to bend the knee to another human being? Why? How?" It shakes its head. "Let's go for a drive."

"A drive it is, then," Jack replies, standing abruptly and moving for his car. Halfway, he glances back to the water, before shrugging and heading the rest of the way.

Inside the car, the rear-view mirror winks at Jack as he slides into his seat. "I'm hungry," the voice says in Jack's ear, as though he himself were saying it. "Let's find somewhere to eat."

"Food it is," Jack mutters, putting the BMW into gear and crunching back onto the road. He shifts the stick up, winding back into downtown Geneva, and shooting the occasional glance up at his 'reflection'.

The mirrored Jack is humming to himself, eyes on the road, apparently also driving. At length he speaks up. "Let's stop for some tapioca pudding. Maybe some carrot sticks. How's that sound?"

"Sure," Jack says, bringing the wheel right and driving towards the large, shining arches of a 'McDonalds' signpost.

"You don't seem like you're cooperating," frowns the reflection.

"I'm not," scowls Jack. "Probably your ideas about obeying people rubbing off on me."

"I see. So.... If I had said, 'let's go to McDonald's', and from now on had proposed doing everything you wanted to do... would I be manipulating you into doing my will?" The reflection smiles out of the mirror at Jack.

Jack's scowl deepens. "I'd be doing what I wanted to. Your opinion only matters if it conflicts with that."

"But you don't even know what you want!" the reflection protests. "You have no idea who you _are_, no idea what your life is about. All you know is what you've tried, fumbling about in the dark, experimenting.. " The car pulls to a stop in the parking space. "How do you know your own wants, Jack?"

"What the hell do you want from me?" Jacks asks with sudden vehemence, glaring at the reflection. "A concession? Fine, I don't know. But this is all a little fucking strange for sudden decisions, don't you think?"

"What decision have I asked you for?" the voice asks quietly. "Have I demanded anything of you? Or have I only asked questions?"

"Fuck you," Jack spits, stepping out of the car, closing the door forcefully, and hurrying towards the McDonalds. "I don't need you to tell me who I am," he mutters as he strides, not knowing if the reflection will be able to hear him.

"I am not here to tell. I am here to ask," says Jack's reflection, as he approaches the tinted glass of the door.

"Ask someone else," Jack snaps as the doors slide aside.

"And let them control who you are?" the voice says, cut off by the door's closing.

Jack ignores the question, joining the line of customers at the service area and staring doggedly ahead. _Who is he,_ the Sidereal thinks angrily, _to ask and assume such things?_ He scowls, then, at the small voice in the back of his mind which knows the answer: _a part of yourself._ "Some part," Jack says, out loud.

The line shortens quickly enough, and Jack places his order - quarter pounder, large fries, large coke. He pushes over a note and a few coins, then grabs the food and heads to a nearby table. He stares at his reflection - his real one - in the shined plastic surface of the table, then looks away and begins to eat, peeling back the wrapper on his burger.

"You're doing your master's bidding right now," says the reflection, around a mouthful of food. It's a conversational opening, as though the discussion had never ended. "Want to hear more?"

"Sure," Jack says again, the hostility gone from his voice.

"You're opposed to doing what other people want on principle. But you follow your own orders. You are your own master." The reflection takes another bite, wiping ketchup from its lips afterward. "You command, and you obey. Right?"

"Right," Jack affirms.

"In your business, Jack, have you ever worked for an employer who didn't let you in on his plan? Just gave you orders, expected you to follow them?"

"Of course," Jack says. "But it was my choice to take on the job."

"Did you enjoy such jobs?"

"They certainly had their moments. So yeah."

"I see. So. You _do_ enjoy being bossed around." The reflection takes another satisfied bite out of his quarter pounder.

Jack's scowl returns. "That's not the same thing. I could have turned them down."

"You could have. But you didn't! Your master - you - told you to take the job. What choice did you the servant have?"

"And that's the arrangement you're proposing we continue, is it?"

The reflection laughs. "It's the arrangement your master has chosen for you. It's the arrangement you yourself will give everything to perpetuate. You will cling to your master unto death... For now."

"'For now'?"

The reflection draws a fry out of the basket and chews thoughtfully on it. "Yes, for now. If it changes, it will be only you that made it happen."

"I see," Jack says with furrowed eyebrows, turning an eye to his own food. He realises that he's stopped eating, and reaches back for the burger.

"Your master told you to come to McDonald's, too," adds the reflection, holding up a fry as a demonstration prop. "You remember when I talked about recognizing your place, Jack? It's the place you made for yourself already. It's the place you continue to carve out of the world. It's the place you don't wish to leave."

"Then why this little meeting? To tell me that I'm already a servant?"

The reflection says nothing, preferring to chew thoughtfully on a french fry.

"To some master I've never seen?" Jack continues, though he no longer seems angry. "How? Why?"

"Go to the rest room and look in the mirror there. I'll show you your true master. The being you know nothing about - until now."

"Very well," Jack says, standing and - after dodging a few tables laden with customers - heading into the restroom.

The restroom is, by European standards, somewhat dirty in that the trash has not been emptied in some time. The large mirror overlooking the two sinks reflects Jack's image perfectly.

Jack stares at himself, then smirks. "I should have known."

He turns the tap on, and stares at the swirling water. After a moment, the patterns emerge in the water. The underlying pattern; the one he'd never seen until this day. He gives a slight smile, and looks back up at the mirror. "That's it, isn't it?"

"And I can't help but serve it. Everyone has to. I.. I'm a servant with the all the autonomy in the world - and that's just enough to serve exactly as I should."

The reflection doesn't waver, doesn't speak its own words. It mirrors Jack's actions perfectly. Its lips move to the sound of his voice. It speaks the words he speaks.

"And so it is," the Sidereal says, turning to leave the McDonalds.

In the car, the reflection smiles. "Would you like to get to know the man you serve, Jack?" it asks. "To know everything about him?"

"I would," Jack answers.

"Then drive."

---

The reflection directs Jack to the cramped alleyway behind one of the city's cathedrals, suggesting that he get out of the car once there. Walking on cobblestone, the Exalt can hear his heartbeat and his footsteps slowly joining the sounds of panting - someone is running toward him, but is still around the corner.

In his heart, Jack feels a sudden welling of feelings - a raging, torrential mixture of sensations that induces a physical sense of vertigo for a moment. He feels tension, anger, a need to lash out at something, and he feels its source as soon as he mentally probes for it. It is whoever or whatever is approaching.

He feels the echo of a memory from distant childhood, of booted young feet splashing through puddles of water during a rainy day, and a moment later hears a splash and the sound of French cursing. A man rounds the corner, having tripped over a bucket of water which rolls across the cobblestones.

He's running, and Jack catches the motion of his eyes. He's looking past Jack, at his car. A hand reaches for his jacket pocket in a familiar motion - a man going for his gun.

After a brief moment puzzling over the impulse - passed by the time the man came into sight - Jack moves into action with a practiced smoothness. He closes to close range with the would-be gunman, pushing both arms wide and grappling with his shoulders, to plant a knee in his stomach. With a choked cry of pain, the man doubles over - and Jack moves his hands to either side of his lowered head, then delivers a second knee-strike directly into his skull.

Poleaxed, the man falls. Jack presses against his neck with a booted foot, even as he turns to see what his intended target might have been.

The man falls insensate, and Jack's ears are already picking up the sound of additional feet on the way - the stranger's pursuers, whoever they may be.

With quick urgency to avoid being seen, now, Jack walks away to his car, getting in and beginning to drive away. He watches in the rearview mirror as he drives, to see as much of the resulting scene as he can.

"Good. Now drive..." Jack's reflection rattles off an address, and the Sidereal can feel the sudden welling of emotion again. It is the combination and sublimation of a dozen feelings - the insistent pull of an imminent sexual rendezvous, the nervous need one feels when returning home after years of absence, the realization of a dream, the discovery of a new and beautiful part of the world. He feels it calling to him.

The car pulls up and Jack feels the release of his pent-up feelings, rushing through him so powerfully that they elicit a sigh of satisfaction. His reflection chuckles. "That feeling... I remember it well," he remarks, then returns himself to the moment. "There's a cat on the steps leading up to the flat there. It's yours now. Its previous owner - that man - can no longer take care of it. By your actions, you take responsibility for it."

The car pulls up, and Jack gets out wordlessly. He walks up the concrete steps to collect the animal - a small cat, with ash-black fur and inquisitive yellow eyes. It gazes at him unreadably, but allows itself to be picked up and carried into the car. Jack sets it down on the passenger seat, and exhales. "Okay."

"You have a cat now. Relatively helpless, basically harmless." Jack's reflection looks at him in the mirror, earnestly. "I don't expect you to turn into Gandhi, overnight or ever. Instead, watch how you relate to this cat. Learn about yourself. It is the only power you really have."

Jack looks at the cat - which stares back at him, undaunted - and then turns to his reflection. "I understand," he says.