Benford is back in the All Stars' San Francisco lair. He retrieves a bottle of Guiness from one of the many bar refridgerators scattered about the place, and plops into an old couch. He opens a new notebook and stares at it. "Now what," he says.

Junior appears through the pantry door, bearing a pint of his own. "What now what?" he quips.

Benford sighs. "You know. The power plant is built. The sidereals will help us insinuate it into society. World saved, bravo. Or so I would have thought, three years ago, but obviously it's not so simple anymore. And so I say: now what?"

Junior takes a sip and shrugs. "You've got all sorts of ideas. Cure AIDS? Topple dictators? End world hunger? Run for president?"

"All true, yes," Benford says. "But it's not as simple as that, is it? Suppose the Exaltation hadn't come. Someone else might have discovered fusion power, maybe Timothy. Or maybe Craig Ventner would have invented a way to scrub pollution from the air using genetically engineered algae, and then a way to turn algae into fuel. Or suppose I'd died on that airliner. Maybe Jet and Roger Wolf Pads would have turned all America rustic. Hell, the Assembled's Unity, no matter how much I may find it distasteful, is an answer of sorts. All we have is a maelstrom of competing wills, and no purpose."

Junior grins. "Purpose is in the eye of the enlightened. You know quite well that the universe behaves according to an order even though you don't know all the rules. Is the purpose of DNA to replicate, or to evolve? Is the purpose of an organism to survive, or to pursue happiness?" He takes another sip. "The need to know 'why' is both our strength and our limitation.' Sometimes it's enough just to do what you do. Have faith that they 'why' will follow."

Benford grunts, then stops, looking shocked. "You know, that explains the Assembled perfectly. Strands of DNA that don't know what they're meant to evolve. I wonder if even Autochthon knows what he's looking for." The scientist leans forward, and scribbles in the notebook. "And speaking of which... they've taken to using evolutionary techniques themselves. Which means the thing they stuck me with in Walla Walla is probably a derivative of existing tissue..." He stands up, the pint forgotten. "I need to go back to that warehouse, and get those gene sequencers... which means I need money..."

"Which means you need Meyer," Junior quips. "Here, if you're not going to drink that, mind if I have it?" But Benford is already out of the room, and Junior is gone as well, the bottle abandoned on the coffee table.

The following evening, Benford is back in the TV repair shop. The gene sequencers are stacked in the corner, looking for all the world like another stack of old computers. Benford is hunched over a microscope, inspecting a sample of his own cerebrospinal fluid. Normally even taking the sample would be dangerous and exceptionally painful, but Barry's friends at the blood bank are very skilled, and an Exalt heals quickly.

The fluid doesn't contain any obvious parasites or pathogens, so Benford is forced to analyze the entire sample, including his own cells. "But on the bright side," he muses, "I was right. Whatever it is, it's based on human biochemistry... so all I need to is find out what's changed." He injects the sample into the sequencing plant, and takes a seat at the console. "Which could take months if I wasn't so damn clever." He begins typing, optimizing the program code to speed the search.

It's remarkably difficult to isolate the neurocytes, if only because so few are actually present in the sample. Based on a few quick calculations, Benford estimates that 99% of the sample must still be present in his brain, locked onto neurons. The few instances he manages to locate are attached to dead cells.

The neurocytes themselves are difficult to analyze. They are not organic, but they are biological. They seem to replicate the behavior of neurons but their structure is not derived from carbon. They exude bulbous antennae, wrapping them around axons and forming a sort of high-speed parallel brain.

There seems to be some differentiation. A few experiments satisfy Benford's hypothesis that neurocytes which attach to the Pacinian corpuscles and other types of mechanoreceptors will stimulate the rest of the network. In effect, the artificial brain 'listens' to vibration, sound and signal, then transmits this to the organic brain in some transmuted form.

Detection is theoretically straightforward. A person with active neurocytes can be diagnosed as such with treatments such as those used in the study of multiple sclerosis, a disease which affects myelin. Monitoring deimination of the myelin tissue in the brain could allow an observer to confirm the presence of neurocytes.

The neurocytes do not seem to encode data. Rather, they are simply translators. They extract a signal from the body's own senses - hearing and touch - and they relay it in altered form to the brain. The Word of God, from your ears to your mind, without the filter of consciousness to obstruct it.

The sun is coming up outside when Benford finishes his analysis. "More new questions than answers," he muses. "I wonder, though. If this is just the receiver, then the transmitter must be quite impressive as well. Someone's cracked the brain code. Hypatia, does any of this resemble the process we use for interfacing with the Lands of Light?"

_I'm the driver, not the mechanic,_ is the gentle reply.

Benford says, "Fair enough." The scientist adds another note to his growing todo list: 'Capture Unity broadcast terminal.'

---

The Man seems to have talked to Meyer, for he makes himself known to Benford in the middle of one of his experiments - a study on the effects of simple sound-waves directed against the neurocytes. "Hey, Doc," is the first evidence Benford has of his presence.

Benford hops up from the lab bench with a start. "Oh... it's you. I thought maybe I was hearing things. It's been that kind of day."

"Yeah, it's me." The Man smiles with some hidden amusement. "Congratulations on your breakthrough. I've got some good news and some bad news about it, and we'll figure out what they are while we talk. So start talkin'."

Benford sighs. _Before today I would never have thought it was possible to be so oblique and so incisive at the same time._ "If you're referring to the power plant, it's a technical success, has an average production factor of Q-10, and so on. I sense that's not what concerns you. As a very disruptive technology we can't just throw it out into the world. Success depends on subtlety, which is more the sort of thing I'd think you and Meyer could work out. I though maybe we could delude the oil companies into thinking it was their own idea. Is that what you mean?"

"Not really.." The Man takes a seat on a desk opposite Benford, folding his legs up under him and leaning forward. "This is the bad news. More of a question, really. Why didn't the Romans invent fusion?"

Benford opens the refridgerator and swaps his neurocyte sample tray for a can of Jolt. "That's an awfully long story. There's a lot of specific points. They didn't have the metallurgy, or the math, or the physics. For the most part the Romans were long on invention but short on science. They got real good with arches and plumbing and just fell short of figuring out the rest." Benford points to prototype fusor. "Curious thing, though: that beast there? Not a single component in it that couldn't have been made back in the 1950's. In fact, the original principle was formulated by the inventor of the television. So I ask you: why didn't we invent it fifty years ago?"

"Same answer," the Man replies. "But there was nothing _stopping_ anyone from coming up with the metallurgy or the math or the science, was there. I mean, how long ago were your people still squabbling over Aquitaine with sticks tipped with metal spikes?"

Benford says, "Not long enough, I suppose. But... as far as I know, cosmology hasn't changed. Exploitation of any physical phenomenon is just as easy, and just as hard, as it ever was. So I would think something about the people." The scientist picks up a notebook. "Just for fun I calculated the odds that a mortal scientist would have been able to duplicate the task." He points to a large number on the final page. "It would have taken about thirteen years, assuming they could keep funding alive that long. The odds that any single team could do it are less than one percent; the odds that the fusion community as a whole would ever stumble across it were only about four percent per year." He puts the notebook down for The Man to inspect.

Benford says, "It's rather depressing, really. Most progress made by man is so... disorganized. Accidental. Even cultures that believe that science and technology can and should be used to improve our lives are so poor at selecting winning bets, and often ignore calculably high-payoff investments. So in a word... economics. And in three words, economics of stupidity."

"But now we have a supernatural genius who can conjure up new technologies more or less on command," the Man observes. "And what does that do?"

Benford says, "I guess it depends on your tolerance for change. An Exalt is a disruptive technology just by breathing, sometimes literally. It takes development out of the realm of accidents and meme pools and... for lack of a better word, it becomes hero driven. It turns over slow and steady progress, economic resistence, all those things, but that's not all to the good. If we said, 'Let's destroy the oil companies', then how many pension funds would go down with them? What good would it do to take the power away from Esso and hand it over to General Electric? I want us to tread carefully."

"That's the bad news," smiles the Man. "You've got to make those decisions. The good news is that you can. But there's still more. You can say 'accident' and 'stupidity' and 'luck', but.. the Romans didn't invent fusion. They didn't even invent the fucking balloon. It took some frogs to pull that off. Why?"

Benford frowns at the profanity, but sees the utility. "I don't think they gave a shit," he says. "For the people on top, the world was just fine as it was... as it always is. Perhaps we had to wait for the power of progress to make it into the hands of... shall we say... mere mortals?"

"They _were_ mere mortals. And it's not like they or their predecessors weren't motivated. The Pythagoreans built a fucking cult around _geometry_."

Benford says, "Carl Sagan covered that. He said the problem was that they Pythagoreans regarded geometry as mystical power, not to be let loose in the hands of the common people. I don't know how true that was, but it's odd to think that any group would regard a shape as a religious secret. Look, I see where you're going with this, I think. It could have been done; therefore, it makes sense to ask why it didn't happen. Scientists assume the universe is boring and so don't ask that question often. Suppose that it isn't some natural limitation of the human condition, what then? Has the universe changed around us?"

"Obviously it has." The Sidereal gestures at Benford's forehead. "But that may not be the only change. Alright, check it out:"

"The Pythagoreans knew numbers, and they knew music. Vincenzo Galilei concluded a connection between tension and pitch in musical instruments. He generalized that out to all musical instruments. His son generalized that to the rest of the universe. Anyone else who knew the Pythagoreans' ideas could have done that. But it didn't happen until the 16th century."

"So really, nothing much happened for thousands upon thousands of years. And then - boom!" The Man raises his hands over his head, clapping explosively. "Progress! And it hasn't stopped. The dam burst. The water's flowing."

Benford says, "So you're saying that the entire modern era, everything done in the West since the Rennaisance, might be due to some cosmological change?" The scientist frowns. "That would mean that we didn't really make it happen at all, did we? That 'heroism' and 'progress' are just more natural field phenomena, like gravity and electricity. And suddenly the energy flooded over the Earth like a gamma ray burst from space." His frown deepens. "I don't find that thought pleasant."

The scientist hurridly picks up a marker and pulls over a whiteboard. "It should be calculable..." But then stops, and puts the marker down again. "That's not the important part, is it? Earth - Gaia - was a refuge for souls that were weary of wonders and horrors. Assume I believe that. What has progress brought us? Wonders and horrors. The refuge is shrinking, and as bad as smallpox and atom bombs are, it's going to get worse? That's your point, isn't it?"

"Yeah, pretty much." The Man steepes his fingers, rests his chin on his thumbs. "But, you know, that's not the only interpretation. Why didn't the Romans invent fusion? Maybe they could have, if something didn't stop them. Maybe Atlantis really was an advanced civilization, but something sunk it. Maybe Constantine's vision at Milvian Bridge steered the empire into religion instead of science. The alchemy of the Arabs and the science of the Greeks, consigned to the fires of barbarism and superstition."

Benford says, "That would imply an invisible hand, a filter of sorts supressing disruptive influences. A hand that was removed five hundred years ago. Or, alternatively, a hand that began selecting five hundred years ago, to prevent the accidental catastrophes of history. But isn't that a Sidereal specialty? Either hypothesis could indicate that your Astrology has been with us for centuries or... or that it has always been with us."

The Man smiles. "The System has always existed in some form, as I understand it. It didn't used to be called that - but uh, of course we didn't have a bunch of Sidereals around to call it anything else, did we?"

Benford says, "Maybe someone, then. I fully expect that the Mortals will someday be saying that Jesus and Buddha must have been Exalts and that the Sidereals were behind the Illuminati. And maybe they were. If the System has always been here, then who has been at the console?" The scientist gives an exasperated sigh. "What, exactly, are you trying to get me to discover? We've got a dozen new questions now. Which one should we be trying to answer?"

The Man laughs. "Well, I'll tell you what.. answer the ones most important to _you_. Because there's several dozen other demigods out there, some of them just as smart and capable as you. And they're going to worry about what they worry about, and _you_ are gonna worry about what _you_ worry about. So my advice for now is.. that fusion power plant? You need to own that shit. And by own I don't mean control of property. I mean you are responsible for the impact it has on the world. Just own up to that. You'll be fine."

"But I'll tell you one more thing, if it helps." The Man hops off the desk and approaches Benford, looking down at him with eyes aglow with the stars of the night sky. "There _was_ a change. This - this time, this place - is where Autochthon is making his move. I didn't know until a few months ago, but all the work you all have done has revealed the truth. And humanity is going to be stuck with someone's vision of progress. His. Or yours."

Benford crosses his fingers, drumming his fingers on a bicep. "That might be his 'grand question', then. The one that he can't answer for himself. It's disturbs me how he's so, I guess, heartless about it. But it makes me wonder... Hel's Briefing mentioned the Primordial Wars of the First Age. These days we'd call it 'ontological engineering'. Frankly, before Exaltation, I would have found such a prospect outrageous and possibly heretical. But now... well... what happens if we have to change the world? Break the snowglobe we've been placed in? Can we do it?"

"Guess you'll find out, eh?" The Man shrugs, pulling back a bit. "Not even Adam Kadmon could tell you that. Though maybe you can ask him."

For once, Benford looks blank and dumb. "Who?"

"My avatar. The first Sidereal to ever Exalt."

Benford is silent for a long moment. "I'm very glad that I've never been in a position where underestimating you has injured me."

"Yeah yeah." The Sidereal shrugs. "Anyway, that was it. If I dig up more dirt on this business, I'll let you guys know, okay?"

Benford nods. "I'll be at your service. And thank you for alerting me to the stakes."