Eddie's voice comes out over the phone as well. "Something's happened here.. The Lands of Light have been strengthened. Some great power was worked here, the same sort that I draw from."

"The Lands of Light?" Benford queries. "Where is that? Is that where your hosts come from, Eddy?"

"No. But it is used as a conduit and information source. We are talking on the phone here because I'm standing in the Lands of Light, speaking through them to you."

"I can take you where I am, if you want to see," offers Eddie.

Benford stares at Morgan, slack-jawed. "Oh really," is all he manages to sputter.

"As long as you can bring me back," says Morgan. "Can you bring Benford as well?"

"No, he doesn't have an Engine attachment."

Morgan thinks for a moment and glances at Benford. "We have to get you one of these. I think you'd get more out of this than I will." He squares his shoulders. "All right... bring me through. But be ready to cancel if I say." He remembers trying to draw Essence through the Engine.

The others continue to watch. Eddie's voice comes to Morgan's ear, very close - as though he were speaking over the man's shoulder. "It is done." Morgan wheels, but sees nothing. The house is the same as before. The telephone is resting on the table like always. His friends are still watching. But that's the odd thing. They're motionless. Morgan can't discern any sign of movement, even breathing.

A few moments more convince him that nothing is moving at all. There are no air currents, no ambient noises. The background noise of the living world is gone, leaving a painful hole. His heartbeat and the sound of his breathing are still there, but alone in the silence.

"What... what am I looking at?" asks Morgan, in a whisper, as if a louder voice would break the spell somehow. "It looks... it looks like just where I was, except stopped."

Even these sounds recede into a hazy unreality, and Morgan finds himself less and less aware of the walls, the floor, and his friends. It is not the diminishment of his own sight, but a slipping away of reality itself. In its place, faint traceries of light begin to swim in his eye. The motes which live on the liquid lens of the eye itself seem now to be made of a shimmering gold. They wriggle and squirm in patterns of maddening geometric familiarity.

Beyond them, Morgan watches as the paint begins to blister and flake from his half-unseen walls. The faded colors turn a distorted red-brown, then evaporate into black ash. The wood underneath is blackened and pitted already, and it too begins to calve away into nothing. The furniture collapses in on itself, then dissolves. Even the statue-like bodies of his friends exhibit this hideous melting. They fall away, their remains mingling with the soot from the house, and Morgan watches an unfelt updraft suddenly waft them away.

His roof, he now sees, has disappeared completely. In its place is a black sky. There are no stars; there is no night. It is simply and solely an expanse of oblivion. And it swallows up the obsidian flakes that were once the world.

Taken utterly aback, Morgan is completely silent for a long moment. In the timeless blackness, he looks around - or tries to; but with nothing to see, he isn't sure if his head has even moved, or if he even has a head to move. _Eddie?_

Beyond the borders of where the house stood, Morgan finds something else. Stone pillars of indeterminate number ring his property like an ancient Druidic monument. He beholds a distant altar, well beyond the ring, and he feels his body once again capable of motion. The ground beneath his feet is rock-like but unseen. Only the stones and the altar are faintly visible.

The sole illumination are the golden lights, and Morgan sees that they are no longer the dancing specks that leap about across the surface of his eyes. They are candles, carried in procession by a line of monks who have emerged from the darkness around him and march solemnly into the circle. The monks raise their cowled heads, and even the sound of their robes shuffling almost hurts Morgan's ears in this deathly silent place.

The monks turn to form their own circle around Morgan, and as they raise their heads, the candles they clasp illuminate what is under the cowls. They have no faces, only blank plastic ovals shaped in some weird mockery of the human head.

Even this unnerving procession is a relief from the nothingness that came before. Morgan turns slowly, regarding each cowled figure in turn. "Who are you?" he asks, finally, endeavoring not to panic.

_I am nothing. We are everything._ The voices are sibilant whispers, coming from no living mouth. They come from all around Morgan.

_Riddles again,_ Morgan thinks. _This is definitely more Benford's department._ But Benford is not here - Morgan is. "Everything? How big an everything do you mean? Everything on Earth? Less? More?"

_Everything was once your village. Then your kingdom. Then your world. How big is your everything?_ asks one of the voices. _The self is nothing. The potential is everything._

"My everything is what I know. Including the knowledge that there is more," Morgan says. "What are the Lands of Light?"

_The name given to this place._ The monks shuffle in place, raising their candles to shine on the stone circle. Morgan sees that there are words, or pictographs, carved into their faces. _Since ancient times, knowledge has pooled in the spaces between identity. This space is now called the Lands of Light, because light is how this knowledge is carried. But it has had other names._

Morgan steps closer to one of their number, as if to see the words more clearly. But there are more important questions on his mind. "Who is it that calls this place the Lands of Light?"

_That is the name given it by those who first discovered it. The lost souls who wander here. You are here because of such a soul._

Morgan steps back again. Whatever is written on the stones is in no language he has ever seen. Something European, possibly, but nothing recognizable to one whose education was focused so heavily on the language of today. "The being I know as Eddie?" he asks.

_Yes._

The age of the glyphs, though, reminds Morgan of a vital truth. Long before any Exalted came into his world, this place-that-is-not-a-place must have been. That means that magic - as he understands it - has always been part of the world. And he knows only one way to deal with that. Using the techniques Xin taught him, he concentrates - his posture, his breathing. It may not be air he's breathing, but he senses that is irrelevant; it is the shape of the mind that matters. He concentrates, and then lets his consciousness expand outward. He found Eddie by this means; maybe he can find other things as well.

Poe takes a deep breath - or something like it. Without having learned any specific _facts_ he did not already know, he feels he has a deeper _understanding_ of the placeless place he has reached. This realm, the Lands of Light, _consists_ of knowledge. He is reminded of Jung's theory of the collective unconscious, and other ideas hazily remembered from college bull sessions.

Poe continues. "How did Eddie come to be as he is now?" he asks. "Who found him here, in the Lands of Light?"

_We found him. As to how he came to be... he died._

"When I found Eddie," says Poe, "he had new purposes. Purposes I doubt he had before his death. One of them was to help... visitors from beyond Earth. Help them react as a human react. Who gave him that purpose? Do you know? Was it you?"

_God gave him that purpose._

"God?" asks Poe. "Which god? The god of the sun, of the moon, or the stars? Or some other god?"

_The god of this world. The Great Maker._

"The god of the Lands of Light?" asks Poe.

_The god of knowledge. The Great Maker._

_Close enough,_ thinks Morgan. "And you? You act on behalf of the Great Maker?"

The monks shuffle, holding their ever-burning candles aloft. _We are the expressions of God's will._

Morgan is silent for a time, his mind racing. He asks two more questions, ones for which he expects no straight answer, but hopes at least for a starting point to understanding. "What does God want of my world? And what does He want of those who serve other gods?"

_What does your god want, Solar?_ a monk asks, hissing.

A direct question. He turns to the monk who asked the question. "I do not fully know. What I do know is that he wants me to be _myself_, as much as I know how to be." He pauses. "Is that enough that me and my kind should fear for our lives?"

_Our answer is the same. We are the expressions of God's will._

Morgan's brow furrows, but it is clear that no better answer is forthcoming. So be it. Perhaps more mundane questions will serve. "How did Eddie die? And where?"

_If he does not know, then neither do we._

Morgan tries another tack. "So... why my house? Why is it that the connection between my world and the Lands of Light was strong enough to bring me here?"

_We made this place a temple to our God. We consecrated it to his will. Now we use it to commune with him. As we do now._

"And why did you use _my_ house for this?" says Morgan. He's learning that the simpler his question, the clearer the answer.

_To learn more about the conditions of your Exaltation, by accumulating the knowledge that pooled here._

Morgan frowns. They 'consecrated' his house... and the physical manifestation, apparently, was that the phone wires in his house got fried. "So you use the telephone lines as a conduit?"

_You humans speak of noble blood or tainted blood. Blood is just a conduit for oxygenation. But like all cells it carries genetic markers. To speak of one's blood as superior or inferior, then.. Did your ancestors not speak truly?_

_So, then, while phone wires merely conduct electricity, they also conduct knowledge._

"I see," says Morgan.

"The idea of communication then, not electrons," he amplifies. Morgan sighs. "But... the Lands of Light are a place where knowledge gathers. Therefore, there is knowledge here beyond the place where I stand, is this not so?"

_Of course._ The monks turn to face each other, shuffling together to form a corridor and holding their candles out. The space between their paired bodies leads toward the distant altar. _I am nothing. We are everything,_ they intone. _Knowledge shall light the way to the future._

Morgan nods, suspecting the gesture may be lost on the faceless figures, but courtesy is a thing to retain. He steps forward, toward the altar. The figures, as servants of the Great Maker, are clearly interested in continuing to monitor him and his companions, so asking _them_ how he and his friends can communicate without drawing their attention is futile. But if the Lands of Light are a place of knowledge, perhaps he can find the answer here despite them.

Morgan steps toward the altar in the midst of the darkness. "Eddie? Are you here?" he calls out. Perhaps he can help him learn... something, at least.

The altar is a crude stone sculpture, weathered with time. On it are words in English, which Morgan dimly remembers from literature: "God is a circle whose circumference is nowhere and whose center is everywhere."

"Knowledge," whispers Morgan. "Here I am, surrounded by knowledge... and yet I am in darkness." He glares at the altar. "There must be some way to see," he says. "The light of the sun? The light that is within me?"

Morgan runs his fingers over the rough stone. "How about..." He knows that the Maker's servants could find Benford when he was on the phone... presumably via the Lands of Light. "How do I stop these beings from finding us from here?" He focuses his will upon the question, letting the light of the Sun glow atop his brow.

The stone altar crumbles under Morgan's touch. What he sees now is a large rotary phone, carved out of stone. Innumerable threads spread out from it, brought to visibility by Morgan's Caste Mark. Glittering spiderwebs of starlight spread out between many of them, and Morgan instinctively recognizes that which the Sidereals call "the System".

Further understanding comes. No true solution occurs to him, because there is none - that knowledge does not exist, at least here. But the path to it has been illuminated. Through Essence, a barrier may be interposed between the real world and the Lands of Light.

Poe's fingertips caress the sculpture of the telephone - clearly a symbol for the metaphor of the telephone system. "They tap our lines... but we can scramble them," he says, putting his understanding in metaphorical language. This is important knowledge, which he must bring back with him. Now it is time to find his guide... and he _knows_ Eddie is here somewhere, somehow.

A peculiar realization comes to Morgan. Eddie is all around him. He is translating this cosmos of knowledge into a representation a human being can easily grasp. He is this world, or at least Morgan's vision of it.

Morgan stands up straight, turning away from the stone monument. _It's time to go home._