Los Angeles has no shortage of places where a van with dark windows can stay parked for a while without attracting attention; or more accurately, it attracts a lot of attention, but most people know that it's not in their interest to act on it. As traffic fades from rush hour gridlock to simple congestion, the Exalts are left considering their options for dealing with the Assembled 'body shop'. The concensus seems to be that an assault is unavoidable, but previous encounters have often resulted in massive property damage.

"The problem is," Benford mutters, "that our weapons are designed to hurt animals. You all heard Chen... they don't understand flesh. And they aren't built from it." He shakes his head. "We need to know what Chen knew. It won't be pleasant, but I think we can possibly... um..." he trails off. "Reassemble him."

"You're not just talking about putting a machine back together," Morgan says softly. "He was - _is_ - a person. I know you know that, but... I think I might be able to help too. With the human side of the equation."

Benford nods. "Alright then. Let's get to it. The faster we get this done, the better our odds."

The Exalts work on adapting the Lands of Light simulation to a local problem. In principle, it shouldn't be that different; after all, Junior was able to show Benford an image of his own Spark. What's been done to Chen is bizzare and horrific, but what's left of him isn't that different from a Symbiont. And so, with a bit of meditation and crossed fingers, the experiment begins.

As hoped for, the Symbionts are able to establish a local simulation, like a pocket universe within the Lands of Light. The ebb and flow of the world around the van is still visible, as a field of information, but the traffic on the nearby freeway is a dim, distant ribbon compared to the brilliant flares of the Sparks and Symbionts that are close at hand. Central to the experiment is the remaining essence of the late Doctor Ho Chen; represented as a swirling, fractured sphere of oversaturated colors. It resembles the orb in his head, the thing he called his soul, but even an untrained eye can see, something is terribly wrong.

Poe and Benford find themselves drifting towards the sphere, feet first, like orbiting on the moon without the benefit of a spaceship. Parts of the surface are smooth and unbroken, with cool and stable colors. There are also craters, fissures, and fractures, where the chaotic coloration is concentrated. "Alright," Benford mutters. "I'm hoping that nothing is missing, only scrambled. Even a meat-brain is, in a sense, holographic. So it's a question of putting it back in order... re-establishing the principles of humanity and identity." The scientist purses his lips. "Not unlike writing a biography, I should think. Which means it may be up to you, Poe, to tell us where to begin."

"Okay," says Morgan. "I suppose we should begin with what we already know about him, as little as that is. He lived in China... he was a doctor... he'd become involved with organ piracy... and then the Assembled came for him. I'd guess that's his life, in broad brush strokes..."

"And the pieces I'd want to start from," Morgan adds, "are the ones that say he's a doctor. He may not be proud of what he did for the Assembled, or what led them to him... but most people become doctors to save lives. That's a strong foundation to rebuild an identity on."

The landscape shift below the Solars, and a narrow, bright band of light, scintillating in blues and greens, appears around the 'equator'. A brief summary, but an accurate one, and the edges of the band suggest places where other fragments might connect, like a giant, fractal jigsaw puzzle. When Poe speaks of saving lives, a swell of light travels along the band from horizon to horizon, disappearing around the far side of the sphere, only to reappear a minute later.

"There!" says Morgan, and as the glow passes beneath him, he follows it, observing how sparks of energy glimmer and coruscate from the broken edges when the light passes a broken edge. "Benford, give me a hand here! Is there anything else glowing when it does this?" Hesitantly, Morgan reaches out to touch the broken edge, and an image rushes into his mind. He hears a heart monitor flatlining, and frantic conversation in Chinese medical jargon which he almost understands - and would understand, if Chen's memory of the event could only be complete.

Other fragments of memories stir in the distance, snatches of the same conversation. The Solars discover that they can draw in the fragments, and fit them together again, reconstructing the moment. Benford and Poe can see a man on a gurney, in a crowded surgery; they can smell antiseptic, blood, sweat, and fear. This is the story of the first life that the young Doctor Ho Chen ever saved... an old man with a heart attack, late at night in a Beijing hospital, many years ago.

The Solars find other, similar fragments strobing on the surface of the Chen's mind. The same story played itself out many times over the years; unfortunately, Doctor Chen was not always successful. The next memory tells the story of the first patient he ever lost, a man younger than Chen at the time, dead in a motorcycle accident in bad weather. One need not speak Chinese to understand Chen's anger and frustration at a senseless death. The damage to the doctor's innocence is an undercurrent of dim, angry violet in the widening band of light.

The loss of innocence is another theme, and one that leads in time and turns to Chen's recruitment by the Assembled. Chen's memories of the experience are confused and far from pleasant, even when reconstructed, but so much of his later life depends on it, so the Solars carry on.

Chen's memories are easy to reconstruct, but each one is a seperate effort. "This could take a long time," Benford says. "We need to find something that can organize itself. Schroeder said that it sounded like he was babbling. We should look for something that we can talk to."

Following his own advice, Benford finds the biggest fragment they've managed to reconstruct so far, a set of related memories from later in Chen's life. In retrospect, it's obvious that he was under surveillance by the Assembled, but he didn't know what to make of it at the time... just faces in the crowd, bland but familiar, standing out because they were trying so hard not to stand out at all. Benford clears his throat, feeling a little self conscious. "Those are the Assembled," he mentions to Chen's memory. "All those related anomolies, are actually an entity you can name." The scientist points beyond the fragment, towards the horizons. "You need to put the pieces together. Do you understand?" And Benford lets a mote of his own essence pass into the memory, along with the new information.

The memories and elements floating near Benford begin to agitate. Some try to draw together, while others begin to pull apart. And with Benford's own power mingled with that of Chen, he can feel what it is that the fragments are 'feeling': revulsion and horror.

Benford says, "Horrific, yes," Benford cries, "but we can teach you! You're a doctor. You know that knowledge dispels fear. Even if the outcome is unpleasant, at least you can undestand it." Then, more quietly, "There is still much good you can do. More lives you can save. Don't let the Assembled take that away from you."

Morgan grimaces. The Assembled are too much for a mortal to deal with alone... but maybe there is something he can use here. Poe, too, draws power from his anima, but he uses it to project assurance and confidence, protectiveness. Where the memories evoked by Benford's efforts wish to flee, Morgan will exert his will to provide a place for them to take shelter. "We are the Solar Exalted, Chen," says Poe. "We were sent here to protect mankind from the Assembled. We failed you once, but we are here now, and we will save you as best we can."

Poe feels more of Chen's memories flow toward him now. He sees glimpses of Chen's hometown in his childhood, where he felt safe, amidst the glowing crystal fragments that glitter around him. "Home is where the heart is," murmurs Morgan to himself, and as he speaks, the fragments shape themselves into a stylized heart that begins to beat.

It soon becomes obvious that the heartbeat matches the transit of the light pulse across the equator of the sphere. "The clock of the mind," Benford murmurs. "Of course! The thalmic loop! It may not be material, but it's still a human mind! So it's going to be organized the same way as it is in a brain! So maybe these are hemispheres, and this band, it's a communications channel, like the corpus collosum!"

Benford says, "So some of these won't be memories, they'll be centers of judgement and volition, with input and output signals." He gently plucks one of the fragments out of the air, which is strobing at the same rate as the heartbeat. "And the output of one is the input to the next..." He finds another fragment, just slightly out of phase with the first, and chains it to the first. Soon, after assembling a chain of these blocks, Benford discovers that they form a full loop, feeding their signals back into the heart. "I'm not sure what it does," he says, "But based on what we were talking about when we feed him the Essence, I'd expect it's part of his fight or flight response. If we get enough of these together, we can reconstruct actions and reactions... tie in the memories..." The scientist trails off, muttering to himself. "We can do it. He can do it."

"I'll take your word for it," says Morgan, as the jargon goes right past him. "Dr. Chen might know what you're talking about, though. This is the _metaphor_ for the heart, not just the organ," adds Poe, indicating the glittering heart beside him. "It's the seat of emotion, where the soul resides. It's the core we're trying to reassemble his soul around. His mind must be tied to it, and he's a doctor, so his brain is where he believes his mind must be, but we need pieces that aren't part of any organ."

Benford looks around at the colorful fragments drifting nearby. From this distance it's obvious that they don't move completely randomly; they're reacting to each other, and to the Exalts. "The vital essences, as it were? I wonder how we might find those."

Benford retrieves the thread of memory of Chen's first save, the heart attack patient. From the outside it resembles a branching silver bar, fuzzing out into fractal uncertainty at the edges. "There's going to be a response to this, the emotional lift of victory, and the knowledge that he did the right thing. Maybe if we give him a chance to live through it again, we can identify the responsible agencies... the core of his emotions and motivations. Things that are neither material nor inert memory. Get enough of those chained up, and that's his identity."

Benford pulls the thread of the memory of the save, and several other similar incidents, towards the beating crystal heart, surrounded by the other primitive rings they've constructed. He gently places the root of the memory against the heart, and sends another mote into it. "Remember," he commands. "Remember why you're a doctor. There are patients that need you."

As the Solars surmised, the nucleus of Ho chen's life is his life as a healer. But more than that - as a scientist and scholar of life. The memories of saved lives inevitably mingle with the pain of lives lost and the costs that medicine bears. Benford is privy to this because of his investment of Solar magic, and Chen's pain is his own. He feels the weight of the Nuremburg trials, condemning men to death for understanding how to save the life of a little boy from Chen's province. He feels a surge of guilt for lives taken, recognizing Los Angeles in the blurred visions of the surgeon, and he knows, deep down, that the victims of the organ thefts were selected by the kidnapped surgeons out of a gray morality.

Benford sees names and faces, recognizing with a shock that he is looking at residents of Geneva. His own feelings on the human cost of research are mingling with Chen's, entangling at the locus of the newly-reconstructed ego.

Benford senses that Chen might be able to speak soon, if not already. "Maybe I just got lucky," he says simply. "But I guess that's no excuse. So if I've got any worth, then so do you. And I promise you, it's possible to recover from anything, even this. Will you help us?"

"We... will help..." The voice is Benford's, but the thought is Chen's.

Benford nods. "Good," he comments. "Then let's finish sorting this out."