_When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping,_ Benford muses. On the one hand, the team is about to take a walk into the enemy's lair, and it is not wise to be unequipped and barely armed. On the other, time is of the essence, so he needs to start with off the shelf gear: Mossberg shotguns, Motorola UHF radios, and motorcycle safety suits, which have a lot in common with military armor these days. He adjourns to a coffee shop with a laptop and a legal pad and begins to scheme.

A few hours later, after several calls to Meyer, he's got his shopping list. At sporting goods stores across Los Angeles, several items are discretely lost from inventories, some tools go missing, and Benford has all he needs to equip a small and stylishly dangerous army.

Once again, Benford feels a twinge of guilty pride at his American heritage, brushing away a tear. _This is the only place in the world where you can outfit a SWAT team with nothing more than a gold card and a cell phone,_ he thinks. But it's not good enough to have a lot of firepower; sooner or later, the Exalts are going to get caught on camera. With a strange sense of irony, he realizes it has to look 'cool'.

Fortunately, German motorcycle armor is designed with fashion in mind. Benford recalls his allies in his mind's eye, recalling their measurements with uncanny precision: Ran, Xin, Jet, Poe, Schroeder, and of course, Benford himself. He sketches notes to himself, a plan for retailoring the armor: each suit will fit like a glove, and with his enhanced resin plating, should stop quite a blow.

The shotguns are a bit harder. The Assembled don't bleed, so Benford aims to spread blunt damage over a wide area. To Benford's Exalted eyes, the common police weapon is workmanlike, but pedestrian. _Alright, then; we'll adjust the choke, polish the barrel, and file these bits on the receiver here..._

__He's covered a sheet of paper with ballistic equations, but there's still something missing. He looks over the design, and realises that although it may be an optimal weapon... it still looks like crap. So he removes the mechanism from the inert fittings, and, in a fit of obsessive precision, carves a new cradle for the weapon from a large block of ballistic plastic.__