The Exalts are returning to San Francisco. Jet, and most of her extended family, arrived from Japan a few days ago. Andrew Morgan just got back from his open-ended road trip to the less photogenic parts of America. Newton Benford, apart from a short trip to Seattle for a dive into the Lands of Light, has been here a while.

Everyone is back in the communal lair of the group of the West Coast All Stars. Little has changed, unless the pattern in the chaotic mixture of third-hand furniture and random printouts is some kind of elaborate divination tool. But then, sometimes things are no more than they seem to be. Barry has kindly cleared the slablike conference table for the multiway debriefing. Meier, for his part, has kindly supplied a cooler full of beer and soft drinks.

While this place has not changed, Jet certainly has. She wears far more conservative clothes, and her expression has grown neutral, calm, almost passive, though her awareness does not waver for a moment. Her family, too, seems far different. The hints of uncertainty and fear are no longer found in Rebecca, and Amy is quiet as well, though they smile whenever they look towards Jet. Ana has taken a far different route than the others, wearing leather and looking like the star of some asian action film, the girl is clearly comfortable in her own skin again. Jet's surprise guest is her twin brother, Cam, who dresses in a clean black suit coat and has her confidence to the point where she turns to him to keep an eye on the others while she focuses on her friends.

Morgan seems the same as he always was, but for those who know him well, there are subtle differences. Something in his eyes, the way he carries himself, bespeaks a greater level of confidence in himself and what he has become. When he left, he was very much still a mortal, still accustomed to the limitations of his mortal self. Now, for better or for worse, he has begun to think of himself as Exalted, prepared to shoulder the burdens he was Chosen to carry.

Benford pulls himself out of an easy chair and walks to the head of the table. "Well. I'm not sure what each of us was looking for when we scattered to the for winds, but I suspect that each of us has found it. I'm sure that it wasn't all fun and games, but for better or for worse, we have work to do now. Much as I'm suspicious of fortune-telling, our Sidereal allies - in particular, The Man - tell me that things are in the air, particularly with respect to the Assembled. Whatever we're going to do, we have to get to it."

"I went to find out who I really am," says Jet. "And instead of that, I have started to make myself into the person I've always wanted to be. I have a father I can look up to now, a man I respect. I have a brother, my little sister is back in my life, my mother is smiling and doesn't drink. I have a real family now."

Benford says, "I should think that's not far off from what I'm asking us all to do. We've got visions for ourselves, and for the world." He slides a pile of photocopied notes across the table, each neatly bundled and stapled. "I've had a lot of time to think about it, but to make a long story short, I think that our purpose is to develop a vision for the world, and implement it. That's what Exalts do." He opens the folder to a sketch of the reactor. "I've been focussing on a cheap, non-polluting power plant to deal with the economic and environmental problems. It was... strange. By the time it was working, I could actually see the reactions in my mind, like one might think of a tune before whistling."

Benford gets a faraway look for a moment, then continues. "Anyway, I think that's a large part of our strategy. We're more than just solutions to problems, but each of us is the right solution for a particular part of what ails the world just now. And so... I want to put together our visions for the future. Jet has said that she has a vision for herself. In that sense, what do we want for the world?"

Morgan has an answer for that. "I want humanity to be free. Free of the fetters of lies we put on ourselves and each other."

"I want humanity to be strong, independent. They will know pain, fear, loss, and feel true joy because of these things, not despite them," says Jet. "I want them to truly live and to face their illusions so that they can decide to embrace them or cast them away."

Benford says, "Alright. That's what I mean. For my part, I want humanity to earn its prosperity, but not suffer because of it, from pollution or greed. Now we know what. Anyone want to guess how?"

"Well, suffering is a bit vague, Newton," says Jet. "Most growth we experience is far from comfortable. I think you mean you don't want them to suffer so much that they fail to grow, to keep them from destroying the wonders of their world, not to mention themselves."

Benford says, "Well, yes. And ... I want it to be worth it. So many people struggle for nothing. I think it would be nice if we could give them some hope. So far it has been worth it for me, anyway." He flips to the next page.

Benford says, "Whatever our ultimate aim, I see several immediate problems. This would be a cakewalk but for the Assembled. They don't all oppose us, but they do introduce a lot of unexpected behavior. We still don't know what they're trying to do, or why. However, we've had hints that something is going on in southern California, rumors of... organ theft." The scientist frowns. "And if not for all that has happened in the last year, I'd never have believed it. Anyway, it sounds like a chance to gather data on the Assembled."

Benford says, "Second, we need to get some hands on the reins of power in the world. That's a more involved problem, and I don't have specifics yet, but I think that it's auspicious that this is an election year here. I'll leave it at that for now." The scientist sits down again. "So. What shall we do?"

"I think we need to start taking control of countries," suggests Jet. She is not shy about this. "It is clear that the current system has put many blundering fools in positions of great power and influence. We must put an end to this."

Benford says, "I suspect that any of us could talk our way into any elected office we like. Anyone feel like running for president? Or did you have another nation in mind?"

Morgan grins broadly. "I would be happy to run for President, if I didn't mind being the first President in history to be assassinated by his own limousine. But for every throne there are powers behind it. Have you ever heard of the Carlyle group, for example?"

Benford says, "No. Is that some kind of conspiracy theory?"

Morgan waggles a hand. "Well, you could _call_ it a conspiracy. But that's rather stretching the point for a group whose membership is well known and who meets in public hotel rooms. But those members are movers and shakers, and they discuss policy." He taps his chin. "Come to think of it, they don't talk about what they discuss there. I suppose that's pretty conspiratorial."

"Do you think the United States is enough anymore?" asks Jet. "Or will we be able to easily reach beyond the borders despite the floundering that has taken place over the past five years?"

Benford leans back and folds his hands. "With our help? ... Yes, it's enough."

Benford glances sidelong at Barry, who up until now has kept quiet. "I don't suppose you'd care to tell us about anyone in that particular group of 'movers and shakers'. It sounds like your kind of place."

"The Shadow Synod dealt with them, more or less." Barry looks uncomfortable. "It's not really an American thing."

Benford says, "Well, there must be something more local, then. Something smaller than a political party and larger than a boardroom."

Morgan raises an eyebrow. "How about a blog?"

"A blog?" asks Jet. "You mean a website?" She doesn't know much, but she's not had her head stuck in a hole, either. "Do you think you can do it with that?"

Benford says, "That's not an option I'd considered. 'Internet Superiority' sounds more like something the Assembled would use."

"It's just a start," says Morgan. "What I mean is a community website, an open discussion forum. Like a town square, only larger. And that's just the start. A blog will help us build a _people_ powered movement - but I still have to bridge the digital divide." Seeing a few blank looks, he explains, "That's the term for the fact that the poor and disadvantaged don't have an Internet connection."

"Not to mention most of the world doesn't have access," notes Jet. "But we have to start somewhere, and the uncomfortable truth is that those who don't have net access are not very likely to take the time to vote, either. They are effectively disenfranchised." She pauses a moment, realizing herself how different she sounds.

Benford says, "Well... we need to cast a wide net. The underclass in this country is, sadly, quite large, and therefore an apt group of backers... if we can get them believeing. Which, I suppose, is the point." He picks up a pencil and begins sketching on a piece of the ubiquitous scrap paper.

Morgan shakes his head. "That's part of what I need to fix, Jet," says Morgan. "Disenfranchised they may be, but many of them still _have_ a vote."

Benford says, "So what do you suggest? The Young Ladies' Illustrated Primer, by Andrew Morgan?" Benford seems to be sketching something rather booklike on the scratchpad.

"I have, I think, more direct experience with the poor than either of you have," says Jet softly. "If you are to help them, you must show them that their power will make a difference. The system as it stands does not offer this. Or at least it makes it exceedingly difficult. I won't support a simple spin campaign. We want this to be real."

Benford says, "We did something real, in Mexico. And but for limitations on our physical presence, we could make the same thing happen everywhere."

"It won't _work_ if it isn't real," agrees Morgan. "At least, it won't accomplish what I hope to accomplish. If the poor can't challenge the lies that hem them in, all I'd have done is exchange one master for another."

"So we will soon have new enemies. I don't think the current leash-holders will appreciate this," says Jet. "There may even be some of our kind among them. Still, it is a worthy fight. I'm not entirely certain what my role will be, but I would like to see the United States rise again."

"I'd like to see the whole world rise," counters Morgan. "If the United States rises only to exploit the developing world again, I will still have failed."

"The United States is the richest country in the world. It is the lever with which we will move the entire world," replies Jet. "It will perhaps be easier with the foothold I've found in Asia."

Benford says, "If it's a popular movement we want to start... we can do that now. Today, even. I gather that Exalts have that kind of power, especially Solars. If so, then our nation awaits down in the Tenderloin."

Morgan nods. "But meanwhile... there is the Assembled to consider. I think we need to find out what they're up to and whether we need to put a stop to it. I don't want to be blindsided by them again, if I can help it."

Benford nods. "Likewise. Just keep in mind, they don't seem to be out to get us as such. Not all of them, at any rate. It's just difficult to predict what they will see as a threat."

Benford says, "I'd like to propose a course of action."

Benford says, "Mister Morgan, you already seem to have something in mind for a popular movement. I'm sure the technical details can be overcome. If the All-Stars are willing to help, then it should advance very rapidly."

Benford says, "As to the Assembled... I'd like us to go investigate the crime scenes near Los Angeles. With Klein's private network we should be able to work on both at the same time."

"Or, to put it another way," he sighs, standing up, "it may be time for another road trip. We should have our own show on MTV at this rate."

Morgan grins broadly. "If we wanted to stay at home and live simple lives, we wouldn't have accepted Helios' offer."

Morgan nods to Jet. "Or Luna's. Or the Maidens'."

"Well, for me it was not a gentle choice," notes Jet. "To accept or to die, and she already knew the answer I'd give."

"If they didn't know that we'd accept," Benford says quietly, "I don't think they would have asked."

"Knowing isn't the same as choosing," says a voice. It is joined by another, which adds: "We can't make you what you are unless you want it." The voices belong to the Unconquered Sun and to the Silver Lady, present without preamble, speaking together as they study their Chosen.

"In a way, the questions we are presented with define what it means to be what we would become," replies Jet softly. She looks to the Unconquered Sun for a moment, but has eyes only for Luna, whom she watches with open interest. "I wonder, have any ever said no?"

"Some," says Helios quietly. "The woman now calling herself 'Saint Death' - and true it might be. She refused my gift."

Benford rises to his feet. "She didn't encourage us to ask too closely, My Lord. So... choice is important then."

"Essence arises from will, my son." Helios regains his smile. "The spark of Exaltation does not simply Velcro itself to your soul. It must be taken hold of - seized - accepted."

Benford says, "Sir, you told me to use what I have, every day. We've been doing a lot... but... I think we could be doing a lot more." He trails off, never sure what wisdom to ask of a God.

"Yes, you could," Helios responds calmly. "What about it?"

The news that Saint Death refused the gift makes Jet wonder, but if Saint Death wants her to know, Jet will know. Not before. "I believe that my friends are asking for permission to take this planet for a spin and see what it can do," says Jet.

"Light up your Caste Marks." Helios' command is still calm, but firm.

The circle-in-circle alights on Morgan's brow - to him, the symbol of a beacon to light the way.

"All of you," adds Luna, frowning at Jet, seeming to know her thoughts.

Benford pumps essence into the mark of the Twilight, the symbol of the brighter tomorrow. _Is the world ready for this?_

Jet hears the words of Helios, but to her it wrankles at first. Hearing her goddess speak does the trick, however. The silver disc of the moon flares to life on her brow.

Barry and the others present join in as well, and to the eyes of the other Celestials they become quavery, uncertain identities, shifting in shape and texture and self. 'Barry' is gone; in his place is a powerful, magical stranger.

"BEHOLD," announces Helios, and though his voice is only raised slightly, the conference table itself shakes and rattles. The rest of the room reverberates with his power. "You wear the marks of authority granted unto you by the gods. You stand here at Gaia's request, as the Celestial Exalted. The mark you are displaying confers upon you absolute authority. The Caste Mark is inviolate. It is proof against forgery or imposture. It is all you need to rule this world, and any others."

"Signify your understanding!" he commands.

Benford, taken aback, blurts, "Yes, my lord!"

Morgan snaps to attention, grinning. "Absolutely!"

Jet stands, and for a moment she changes, so that the stripes of a tiger shimmer over her skin. "This world is ours to shape as we wish. I am Chosen of Luna and those who stand in my way will not stand long."

"Very well!" Helios seems satisfied, and nods. Luna then speaks. "Jet, your fellows are known as Lawgivers. They create. They lead. They forge ahead. You, in the First Age of Man, were known as the Steward. You protect. You guide. You love. This world is yours, Steward, as much as it is theirs."

Jet bows deeply to Luna. "Their vision is better than mine," she says simply. "But their vision shall not come to be without a fight. They will need my strength and my passion. Yet we are not the only ones here with great power. Can you tell me anything of those like my brother, Cam?"

"Only this. That they are the servants of Autochthon. They are the agents of transformation." Helios smiles. "And they have a name, which I have now been told. They are the Alchemical Exalted."

"Alchemical..." the scientist sputters. "How can your twin brother be an Assembled?"

"I trust him, and I care for him. He has proven himself faithful, he has cared for my family as if it were his own," says Jet. "He is my brother. Whatever else he is, I believe, I hope that he has the same choice to be what he will that I do." She turns to address Benford's question and answers it simply, "I was not born with any twin, Newton. He entered my family much later, though they do not seem to know that."

"Ooh, that has to mean something," he mutters, forgetting his unease for the moment. "Like they edited the pages of history. Possibly literally."

Morgan scratches his head. "I suppose that goes to show that these Alchemicals are not our enemies, as such. They have their designs on our world, this world, and we must deal with them somehow. But that does not _necessarily_ mean we have to defeat them, or drive them off. We may have to, yet. But it's not a foregone conclusion."

"He editted minds, not history," explains Jet. "But that doesn't matter to me. Not any more. Perception and truth are flexible, and while I could reject him, and did at first, I started to change, to flex against my own limits and see him for what he was, for what I think he wants to be. At least as much as his kind is able to want."

Morgan nods. "I met an Assembled - an Alchemical - named Brad, on my travels. He too was trying to learn, the hard way - not through a symbiote." He chuckles. "I think he'd have caused a panic in that refugee camp if I hadn't been there to warn him about a few basics of human nature. Like that they panic if they see you dissolve inside a phone booth."

Benford says, "They may not be the Enemy, but we do have to get out there and do things our way." He pulls his sketchbook open again. "I don't think we can afford to be afraid to exercise power, which I'll admit troubled me -" the scientist inclines his head towards Helios, "- but as of now I've decided to get over it. Poe, are you serious about using a web site as the cornerstone of a popular movement? Because if so, I have an idea how we can get connectivity to the destitute. And since we'll need General Electric's help to do it, we should get started today."

"I think it is wise that we judge the Alchemicals as we encounter them," says Jet. She does not look to Luna for signs of approval, though she does glance to the Silver Lady from time to time. Just for a different reason. "So, let's get started, then."

Morgan nods to Benford. "Totally serious. A few years ago some guy named Markos Moulitsas was just some guy with a website - now his website's getting mentioned on Fox News. And he's a mortal."

Benford says, "Alright, then. This device is based on a laptop design intended for third-world schoolkids. No reason we can't deploy it domestically, but we need a lot of manufacturing to do it. GE is also a major power in American industry, so... we get our hooks into them with the fusion plant, and they make the devices for us. We can work on the tutorial program while they're at the factory and roll it out with the first patch. Or earlier, for anyone who already has access."

Benford does some calculations in his head, and scratches a few more numbers down. "Gods willing - sorry, Sir - they can be on the street in thirty days; with several months to go to the election. A lot can happen in a few months."

"Then it sounds like you have everything you need." Luna smiles sweetly.

Benford grins sheepishly at the Silver Lady. "It seems we do, m'Lady."

Jet laughs softly and notes, "Then the hard part is done." She turns to look at the gods and smiles. "I imagine we've kept you long enough." Her eyes dart back at the Solars for just a moment before looking back to the Silver Lady and she murmurs in Japanese, "I will see you later, my Lady Luna." She bows deeply then and concludes, "Your children thank you for their gifts, and today, for the swift kick."