Wheeler, or maybe Benford, it's hard to tell at the moment, is still plugged into the interface device connected his two incarnations: The scientist Benford, still paired with a Solar Spark; and the Alchemical Wheeler, tasked with the goal of finding the conduit by which essence leaks from Creation to Gaia. A few other unexpected guests are present: Gaia, the Primordial; Junior, Benford's Avatar; and Hypatia, the interface to Benford's Engine.

In the cavernous, canyonlike rendering of his own soul, Wheeler crouches, tracing diagrams on the 'ground' with his fingers. The tracings leave a dim image of the Symbiogenesis Device - the 'soul chair' seized from Club Infrared. "Note for Silas: even an Alchemical can feel used, like a cheap tool," he mutters. "Everywhere we turn, we run into Davron's soul-surgery technology, and the Deliberative, and Great Prophecies. Nothing about this situation is an accident."

Wheeler rises, recalling the empathic connection to Autochton that follows him everywhere. "Nor, My Lord, is it yours. I know that the Celestials are the heroes of humanity. But just now I'm reminded that the heroes aren't always the good guys. They are holding out on me, and I am... displeased."

"The answer is so bright that staring into it, you cannot see," pipes in Hugh.

Wheeler nods. "That seems to be the story of my life, friend Hugh. So let's see what new information we have to work with. My Lady," he addresses Gaia. "You said that the Celestials built something for you, but now you allow us - them - whichever - to meddle in it. What thing might that be? Did not the Maker construct the Core?"

"He did. What the Deliberative gave me was the tools to do my work," answers the voice of Gaia here. "Human souls are reborn here, and reborn on Creation once they have lived their desired time. They come to me through the cycle of reincarnation."

"And some of those souls are special. Like mine." He waves cordially to Hugh; the young man smiles knowingly. "Predestined as candidates for Exaltation, and woven together from the souls of many heroes, using Davron's machines. And then... there's You. You said that there had to be a means of calling the Avatars to you. So I think that they put a piece of You into me, so that I'd end up on Earth. Is that accurate?" He addresses the question to nobody in particular, and for some reason ends up looking at Hugh as he finishes speaking.

"Friend Wheeler, I meant to say you have the answer in front of your eyes. You are staring at it in both senses," says Hugh. The youth smiles and keeps looking at Wheeler, hope bright in his eyes.

Gaia answers calmly. "At bottom, all of _you_ have all of _us_ within you. Just like everything else does. But we are most active now because this business concerns us."

Wheeler muses. "So is the answer to this whole thing, 'Who made Hugh?' Hmm. Or maybe..." Wheeler takes a seat by Junior. "It's obvious that one of the many roles the Deliberative gave you was messenger. Can you show me how this began? The meeting of minds that resulted in your... fabrication?"

"I can describe it." Junior gestures about, sweeping the innerspace of Benford's Spark into the discussion wit a wave of the hand. "This mechanism wasn't designed to travel unaided. In fact, it was inexorably tied to Creation because the Spark's energies are tied to the gods of Creation. So the loremasters of the Deliberative gathered and devised a shell for the Spark. A container, and an extension of it. It would make it a part of Gaia. And being such a thing, would naturally gravitate to Gaia."

"At the same time, this shell would act as gatekeeper for Celestial knowledge. Too much, too soon, could be a risk. For example, the dangers of sorcery could not be risked lightly."

"And that Shell," Wheeler continues. "That's you? Or that's something else?" _And in either case, for such a heroic fabrication, did you have anything to do with it, Great Maker?_

"Yes, that is I," Junior answers. "And I am what stands between you and every terrible mistake the Deliberative could conceive. Perhaps you might see the need to summon a demon to Earth. The deed could be done, but you aren't ready to do it. Knowledge unfettered by wisdom would destroy you."

"But that's not all that they sent," Wheeler mentions. "There's also Ranapura, which could only be summoned by a great mass of Celestials praying together. What happens if we manage that?"

"Then it will appear." Junior shrugs. "Fly down to you, I think. Hard to tell."

Wheeler muses. "Well, I suspect it's not the real problem here. You mentioned that the 'container' is a part of Gaia. How could that be arranged? What do you have to do to Essence to make it move like that? And," Wheeler continues, "isn't that pretty much the most likely candidate for the essence drain conduit? A thing with its feet in both Earth and Eden?"

"Well, you are certainly in the right place to determine that, aren't you," says Junior with a smile.

Wheeler nods reluctantly. "It's a difficult thing to ask for. _He_ wants me to find out. And... I want to know," Wheeler says sheepishly. "But I need you intact. Is it within the realm of possibility that I can do this... inspection... without lobotomizing one or more of those present?"

"No." Junior shakes his head. "But... on the plus side.. if you're ready for this sort of soul-searching, you don't need me anymore."

Wheeler is silent for a long time. The sky overhead, which was somehow both black as night and bright as the Sun, seems dimmer. "Somewhere in this place, is a future, with a great city, and a clean Earth, and we were both in it." _Note for Silas: Alchemicals can feel a great loss coming._ "I need the memory of you, because someday it will happen," he blurts, trying to finish his piece before he chokes up.

"This image of me that you have. That city, and that Earth. All those things came from you," Junior replies. He's smiling. "It's all still inside you. It will always be inside you. All you need is the will to realize that dream. It's your power to turn courage into magic, and make dreams possible. Nothing will take that away."

Wheeler steadies himself, and nods, once. "Then let's do it." He summons to mind the control program of the interface device bonding Wheeler to Wheeler, and designs a new experiment.

It's a well-known truth in physics that one cannot observe something without altering it, even if only slightly. The principle appears to apply to Essence physics as well. The 'Avatar' - as a wrapper around the Spark - is on the order of complexity of the Spark itself. However, Wheeler quickly learns that there are differences. The Spark is still, in essence, a machine made according to a plan. The Avatar is, in essence, a living thing that came about by both blind evolution and the will of free men. The Spark traces a path through time and space according to the perfected design of its Maker. A soul traces its path through the world more haphazardly - but Wheeler immediately sees the significance. The living thing may discover a peak in the landscape of destiny that the machine may miss.

Living things are, however, fragile. Wheeler is forced to unravel and we-reave parts of the Avatar as he investigates. As he does so, he has flashes of memory from other lives; ancient Solar heroes on another world. The 'Junior' identity is muddled and changed by the observation; but in so doing, Wheeler exposes the fantastic, wondrous, and sometimes terrifying heritage of the Celestials. In the dawn of time, Solars brought civilization to the stone-age peoples of Creation. Then they dared to fight the greatest beings in the cosmos, the Primordials, for supremacy. And they won; and the Avatar remembers the victories.

Living things are also not perfect. The heroes of the First Age, over many lives of men, became immortal despots. The world was still full of wonders and horrors, but all was stained by a patina of boredom and ennui. Man had reached a peak and declined in the Second Age. The Avatar remembers the madness and sorrow.

Living things find new ways to survive. The Usurpation nearly killed the world. The Solars were slaughtered and the Celestials scattered and sequestered. The Avatar remembers returning to a world much diminished... and the heroes that raised it back to new heights. The Final Circle wrote the story of the Third Age by outsmarting death itself.

In his current incarnation as a mechanical being, Wheeler sees the problem as a mathematician would: in the calculus of destiny, humanity got stuck in a local maximum. The Celestials succeeded because they found a new hill to climb... but every hill has its peak. But living things can imagine a better future. Having been trapped by frailty and madness before, the new Deliberative knew - perhaps only subconsciously - that it could happen again. And they weren't going to wander blindly into a dead end this time...

Wheeler forgets where he is, and how long he's been there. He lives a stream of moments from dozens of past lives - men and women, of many colors, and many flags. One moment in time impacts on him like a ray of light through the clouds. He's in the assembly chamber of the Deliberative. The Celestials are discussing the mission to Earth. Gaia is present... and so is... Autochton?

Encountering the memory of the Primordials brings Wheeler back to the present. He understands now. The Spark, and the Avatar, have everything to do with the Essence leak. Autochton's machine manages and channels the Essence of the Incarna - in Benford's case, Helios, the Unconquered Sun. The Gods are things of Creation. Bringing it to Earth opens a conduit. But that's not all...

To accomplish the journey, Autochton's machine is itself enclosed and channeled by the Avatar. Although the Avatars are chimerical, pieced together from many lives, they are still living things. Combining the two had an emergent consequence: another front in the competition between design and evolution, and the tension opens the potential for something new and unexpected.

Wheeler realizes that the problem isn't as simple as Alchemical versus Celstial, or Creation versus Earth. Someone is trying to make a new future - or more accurately, make possible a new kind of future. And that hasn't been done since the very beginning.

The proof of this is in the Spark itself, inexorably tied to the function of the avatars as it must be. He discovers a gap where no gap should be. And looking more closely, he finds out that the 'surface' of the Spark - the magical interface to the human soul - is what remains intact. Beneath it, the functionality, the structure, the basic nature of it has changed.

The fundamentals of the Spark are still there. Store the Essence of a God, render its energies available to the human mind. But something new has been added.

The most significant change has to do with the gap. Within that blank space, Wheeler finds a word. And he finds music. There is a song here. Not the Autochthonian Song of knowledge and harmony, but another song, whose music he recognizes from somewhere.

The song nags at something in the back of Wheeler's mind, like a dream that doesn't make sense after awakening. "I know this tune," he says, "But I don't know how." He tries to whistle along, hoping to jog his memory.

Wheeler discovers that he can't quite keep up with the song, and turns his attention to the modification of the Spark. The very fact that it has been altered, to make the interface between the Avatar and the Autochtonian mechanism, speaks of a heroic talent. "I would have thought that only the Maker could do this," he muses. "I wonder if we can find a signature for the artist. Or possibly a bill for the surgeon."

The edges of the gap are precise, but no markers are found... save the mysterious word hanging in the blank space. "Well. Speak the word 'friend' and enter," Wheeler says. And then he whispers the Word.

"Yes?" It's Hugh. He seems to be answering.

Wheeler is taken aback. "Hugh... hmm. Tell me, my friend, do you know how to sing?"

Hugh starts humming. There's more than just the single note of a human voice in it, but Wheeler recognizes that it's the same song. "Yes, why?"

Wheeler says, "I hear that song, here, in this place. I'm seeing an impossible thing. Someone has made a change to the Spark. And your name is here, and so is that song." He sighs. "It's like you said. It's right here in front of me. But still I don't see."

Hugh scratches his head. "I haven't been born yet, so there's still a lot I don't know. So what do you think is going on?"

"Roughly speaking," Wheeler casually states, "you're the future that someone wants for us all. I imagine it would take a hell of a lot of Essence to bring that about. To help you to be born, as it were. I wonder if that's the point." The psuedo-Alchemical grunts. "I don't see a loose wire or anything. The future is never plug and play."

Gaia's voice can be heard. "That is the product of my evolution, yes." This isn't the Primordial Gaia herself, speaking - Wheeler _knows_ what she is now. The reflection of evolution, undirected development, manifest in his own soul just like anything else. And the truth of his discovery is resonating with that shard.

"Then this is the conduit," Wheeler says guardedly, "if not the motive force. And we still don't know who, though I think I'm beginning to see why."