Hel's chalet. A new Sidereal has been recruited, and to be useful, he must be given a face. A name has been discussed, and Hel invites his protege to explain. "Tell me about this 'Jack Jones'," he suggests.

"He's good," the Sidereal replies, finding it strange to be discussing a future self in such a manner. "And he obviously knows it. Nobody's sure where he lives - he doesn't have a stationary place of residence. Probably never did. He gets seen around." He nods towards Hel. "He's affiliated with your lot."

The man runs a hand through his near-black hair and sighs, continuing. "He spends a lot of time alone. He helps people - when he wants to - but they don't often help him. He's difficult to ever truly know."

Hel smiles grimly. "He must be difficult to truly know, because he will be little more than a mask you wear. He must be an iconic figure, in a sense. Someone people expect, or feel comfortable accepting as an identity. They need not _like_ him, of course."

"Then so be it. He may be lonesome, at times," the Chosen of Journeys admits, head bowed thoughtfully. "But he doesn't mind. In fact, he quite enjoys being himself. And that shows." He looks up at Hel. "Is that enough?"

"It is a start. You will find the details emerging as you create it, of course." Hel gestures, leading the way to the unobtrusive elevator to the basement. He swipes a card key and the lift descends.

The sublevels of the chalet are a substantial change from the cultured, urbane exterior presented above. Sophisticated electronics and equipment can be found here, as well as small laboratory spaces, a locked library, and an air-conditioned server room. It is to the latter that Hel leads his charge, and he gestures for him to sit at a lavishly-appointed workstation.

"You are going to access the System," Hel explains. "I will teach you its use as we go, although you have already been told most of it. You will know put that knowledge into play."

"The System consists of electronic pieces, yes, but there are human elements to it as well. And more, ah, metaphysical ones. You will access some of these via the terminal."

Hel gestures, and his apprentice starts the authentication process, signing in using an anonymous PIN number, password, and biometric scan. An unfamiliar windowing environment begins to run on the large display. "You are going to start using several applications and tools installed on this system," Hel explains. "You are establishing the foundations of an identity here. Begin."

The currently-anonymous Sidereal sinks into his chair, and runs his hands across the keyboard and other periphery. And he begins to create.

From software and Fate, Jack is weaved. The Sidereal pieces together what facts he needs, and finds that others follow; here, a youth spent in travel is complemented by a list of locations and friends made. A stint in the military attracts wisps of minor detail - comrades, memories of the shoddy meals. The scent of the bedding. Where pavement is laid, detail follows, a mixture of suggestion and peculiar, otherworldly intuition.

As the process drags on, the software seems to integrate, meld. Finally, disappear. Sitting at the terminal, the Sidereal reaches beyond computer and into strands of fluid possibility. They twine and branch, reaching out into an infinite ever-thinning length and forming impossibly complex patterns. Yet, somehow, the Sidereal possesses instinctive understanding of the process.

To the unenlightened observer, it seems as though the operator is accessing databases of various kinds, adding or editing records as necessary. Sometimes his changes consist of emails sent to various parties in the software's voluminous addrss book. Occasionally he manipulates photos, constructing faces from what seems to be the reverse of the police face-matching software and then dragging them into existing shots.

All these things are being done, to be sure. But on a different level, they are actions altogether different. There are no words for it, and Hel's earlier explanations - which seemed so incomplete and useless at the time - begin to make more sense. It is a process which can never be fully described in English.

Like a man in his element, the Chosen of Journey's fingers dance across the keyboard. His eyes are fixed on the screen, yet glint unconsciously in hunger and amazement of their search further in. And still, he can sense his limitations. Of knowledge, of practice - and of possibility. He can only weave so much; only alter what he is permitted. There can be no creation of the impossible, here, merely the mundane or improbable.

The pace slows until individual keystrokes can be heard, and then comes to a standstill. It is not yet done; there are details, holes to patch. Connections to be made. But much is done. Eyes alight, the creator turns away for a moment, to behold his steward. "Now, Hel. Now I believe."

"Come. The System awaits." And Hel smiles.

---

The pair visit a female forger, and 'Jack' has his photograph taken against a generic background. He watches as the woman etches lines into a plastic card, painstakingly applying ink to the deliberately weathered card. He is presented with a set of incomplete identity cards, and the two drive to their next destination.

At a car dealership, Hel waits out of sight. "Part of your job will be to steal a car and occupy it for a day, just as Jack would. Fast food wrappers on the floor, perhaps. The right sort of petrol. Motor oil. Preset radio stations in the American style. Whatever else. Now go."

"Then I shall," the Sidereal replies, and turns to start.

Clothed in an all-black suit of unidentifiable - yet clearly expensive - manufacture, he enters the BMW dealership. As he approaches, a cigarette is lit and puffed upon.

It doesn't take long for his presence to attract a saleswoman, and the two talk for a long time, the Sidereal willing to be led about the entire dealership and told of all the vehicle's various merits. Ignored by the staff for the sake of a possible sale, cigarette ash drops to the pristine floor. With a practiced eye, he takes note of security systems and locations. Eventually, he politely takes an empty-handed leave.

The Sidereal pulls a cellphone from his pocket and dials a cab, then travels to a nearby motel. He tips the cabbie - an old man with nicotine-stained teeth - generously. A room is rented for the night. He enters.

At midnight, the Sidereal calls another cab, and is dropped off near the dealership by a bored middle-aged woman. He approaches it and jimmies open the lock with a piece of wire pulled from his jacket. A can of fuel is in his other hand.

Inside, he strides quickly to a black E66 7 Series 760i. And then past it, running his hand along the car's body as he does so; moving towards the offices with lockpick in hand. He picks the door and enters the offices, closing it with a soft click behind himself. Seven minutes later, the Sidereal re-emerges with two pairs of keys in his hand. He depresses a button, and the 760i's lights flash.

With a grin on his face, the Chosen of Journeys unlocks and pushes open the showroom's great doors, then fills the BMW from his fuel can and hops in. The v12 engine roars to life.

---

A little before noon two days later, the 760i coasts up to Hel's Geneva safehouse. The tray is filled with cigarette butts, but the car is otherwise immaculately clean, both inside and out. The Sidereal's jacket lies discarded on his passenger-side seat, and the driver-side window is down. One hand rests lightly on the wheel; Mozart floats softly from the stereo. All perfectly natural. All details of a life nearly thirty years in the living.

Hel passes an ID card through the open window. "This is Jack Jones," he says. "Concentrate on this card and will yourself to become him, and it will be so. You may drop this mask at any time, but beware doing so. Always present yourself as some identity when dealing with those around you."

The driver nods, stubbing out his cigarette and taking the plastic ID. He steps out smoothly, slinging his jacket over one shoulder and adding the card to his wallet. "Thank you."