Jet doesn't attack yet. Her every impulse calls for it, but she wants to use her head this time. Killing this guy achieves nothing. "Not safe at all, by the look. Are you a threat to Mr. Morgan? That's the real question. If you can't assure me otherwise, you will fail your mission. Machine or not, I imagine you don't want to be destroyed, and you seem obsessed with your cause."

The trenchcoated man standing before Jet stares at her through his sunglasses, despite the darkness of Seattle's night. "This is a rhetorical question unless you are prepared to accept my reasoning. Since you are speaking to me, this possibility exists. If I am a threat to Mr. Morgan, then it follows that I am a threat to you and you would act. Ergo you have a doubt. Correct?"

"Correct. I also think it is wasteful to kill. If you are destroyed now, none of us gain anything," explains Jet. "If we talk, maybe we can figure out what is going on. You seem as unsure of the situation as we are, though you seem to know a great deal about us already."

"But as you cannot accept my word, neither can I accept yours," he continues. "I have already stated my intention: assess Mr. Morgan. You have stated yours. You must now act to break this impasse. We will either decide this by physical force, or by logic."

"You have not attacked yet, and to give up that opportunity makes it clear you want to at least appear that you are not here to fight. You knew we would return here, and you have proven the ability to create bombs in the past. You could have blown us up if you willed," says Jet.

"Correct."

"You seem to have no care to avoid notice," says Jet. "Though we have fought before, you.. or your kind have not deceived or lied. As far as I know, you may not even be capable." She thinks for a moment, "I think if I am allowed to control your proximity to the others it would be safe. How close do you need to be?"

Gerhard pauses a moment before replying. "Five meters is optimal. Although I am principally interested in conversation, a blood or tissue sample would be useful."

"Well, we'll start with conversation, the blood part is really up to the others," says Jet. "But if that is acceptable, I believe it would be alright." She has a hunch she's right, and she can't imagine even these things being fast enough to beat her over that distance. "Naturally, the others will want to ask you things as well. Maybe we can figure this out."

Gerhard nods. "Where I am permitted to answer, I will do so." The blade retracts into his sleeve, and his hand emerges into visibility again.

"We shake hands to make deals," says Jet. She eyes that hand, and offers her own. Naturally she's still wary, but that doesn't matter. She's made up her mind.

Gerhard extends his own, and shakes. His hand has an iron grip, but he doesn't crush to the point of pain. It is simply a dispassionate gesture - touch hands, close fingers, squeeze, release.

Jet learns what she can the ways she can. "Well, let's go then. I still wonder why you are focused on just one of us." She's not sure if she's annoyed or not by being disregarded like this. She might just be lucky.

"Mr. Morgan's residence is here and his presence was detected," explains the mechanical man. "My data collection plan has been constructed based on his psychological profile."

"I see.. do you study all of us this way?" asks Jet. "And why are you collecting this information? It's pretty odd to me. You obviously know a great deal about us. To some, that could come across as a threat in itself."

Gerhard talks as he walks toward the house. "I am responsible for studying Mr. Morgan. Other tasks are outside of my current scope."

"Do you work with others, or on your own?" asks Jet.

"For this task, I am sufficient."

"And what if you would have failed?" Jet smiles, going on, "Would more than one have been sent?"

"Any data I was able to provide would be used to calibrate the assignment of the next task."

"Do you know why you are doing what you are doing?"

Gerhard nods perfunctorily. "I do."

"So why, then?" asks Jet. "Why do you need to know so much about us?"

"I am not able to discuss that topic," replies Gerhard calmly. He's reached the house, and turns to face Jet.

"Then we'll just have to work that out despite your rules," answers Jet. She smirks and says, "If you think you can beat these guys in rooting out information you are out of your mind."

---

With Gerhard now seemingly tame, and waiting on her, Jet will turn to Xin. "Go inside and let the others know that we have a visitor who wants to talk." She looks back to the.. whatever he really is and smiles, "His name's Gerhard, and he assures me he wants to talk." Or she'll be very sad.

Xin nods, "If you're sure..." He regards Gerhard curiously. _Not quite what I expected._ The Solar turns back towards the house and slips inside. "Gentlemen, we're about to see what the cat has dragged in. Jet's brought us a visitor. He wants to talk."

Benford is stooped over Morgan's unconscious form. He's rolled him over onto his back for easier treatment, with a cushion under his feet and a light blanket over him... standard treatment for shock. "Morgan is indisposed, and I hope I know what he's doing." The journalist's pulse and breathing are normal, but his eyes are flickering as if in a dream... a long dream. Benford stands. "Show him in, but keep an eye on him."

The man who enters the house is dressed in a long black coat, and wearing sunglasses. Benford catches a glimpse of a red dot, like that from a laser sight, flickering across the surfaces the eyes behind those sunglasses must be looking at. This 'Gerhard' is not dressed to allay suspicion.

Jet is going to stick close to the guest, and keep him at the proper distance. Which is to say well away from the others. She sees Morgan on the ground and she has to hold herself back. "What's going on?" she asks in a strained voice. "Is he okay?"

Benford sizes up Gerhard. "If you are here, you have likely been watching. If you've been watching, then you know who this is." He motions at Poe, then folds his hands behind his back. Then to Jet, "He's fine. He's... dreaming, as far as I can tell... but my understanding is that he's also visiting somewhere." Again to Gerhard, "Do you know where he's gone?"

"He has gone to the temple. That is why I am here," the man answers.

"What temple?" asks Jet. "And what does it have to do with you, Gerhard?"

At this point, Poe opens his eyes, which dart about the room briefly. He seems more than a little disoriented as his gaze flits to Benford, to Jet, to Xin, to Gerhard, back to Jet... and then slowly turn back toward Gerhard again. He sits up slowly - noting that no fighting appears to have taken place so far. A good sign... maybe. "Hello, sir."

"Mr. Morgan, please explain your recent experience," Gerhard says, without missing a beat.

Benford kneels, to help Poe sit upright. Normally that would be a bad idea, but under the circumstances, facing a potential enemy on your back is worse. He murmurs, "He showed up a minute ago. Do you know him?"

"He said he just wanted to talk, but I advise you view any conversation with one of it's kind as a negotiation of sorts." Jet smirks and looks over Gerhard. Now that Poe seems okay-more or less-she can focus completely on the 'guest'.

Morgan eyes the newcomer warily. "Know him? Not as such," he murmurs back to Benford, before drawing his legs up to a sitting position. "What do you want to know about it, sir? I presume you are an agent of... of those who reshaped reality in this place," he says. He returns Jet's smile briefly before turning back to Gerhard. "I hope you'll understand if I'm somewhat... distrustful. I was nearly killed here, and I tend to take things like that personally."

The stranger pauses, then seems to come to some sort of realization. "You presume I am here to kill you now," he says. "Incorrect. I am here to analyze your motives and study you, Mr. Morgan. I ask about your recent experience because your companions requested clarification. Your explanation will be more culturally and psychologically relevant to them than mine will be."

Morgan's hackles seem to lower. "Fair enough." There is still distrust, but he suspects he won't be describing anything the stranger doesn't already know. "Where I went..." he begins, "well, if we think of this world as made of matter, the Lands of Light are made of information." He nods to Benford. "I do hope you get the chance to visit someday."

Benford considers what he's hearing, rubs his forehead. "Alright. If none of us wants violence, then we'll accomplish more if we act more civilized. Gerhard, can you meet your objectives if we do this if we sit down and listen to Mister Morgan's story?"

"We can begin to do so," Gerhard replies. "Mr. Morgan, please continue."

Morgan smiles at Benford. "You heard the man. He's here to study me. And we're here, indirectly, to study him. Seems only fair." He nods to Gerhard. "While I was there, the first thing I encountered was... a collection of monks of some sort. They were cowled, and had no faces. We... spoke together for a time."

"Monks," Benford mutters. "Monastic order implies a philosophy of some kind. Is that what you spoke of?"

Morgan frowns. "I... think I mostly said that because of their appearance. But... yes. They spoke of the Great Maker, and said that they were expressions of His will."

"They said they'd made this place a temple to Him," continues Poe. "Partly, apparently, to study my Exaltation." He nods to Gerhard. "Just like he is. It seems the Great Maker is very curious about us."

Benford says, "Then I respectfully suggest to Him that he might learn more through dialog than attempting to kill us. Gerhard, I had hoped that if we ever got one of your people in a dialog, we might come to some diplomatic understanding, perhaps an exchange of ambassadors. Do you understand what I mean by that?"

Xin simply watches. The others, he's found, are better at gleaning information than he is. So it falls to him to be ready should Gerhard decide to do something... rash. Or in case Gerhard isn't the only walking washing machine in the area tonight.

"I understand the concept of ambassadorship as an intellectual concept," says Gerhard. "However, functionally it is foreign to me and others like me. Please clarify your intention."

Jet notes, "Gerhard isn't much for subtleties. You might as well be blunt. This is a thing of logic and reason, and I don't believe it has emotions at all." She looks at the thing curiously, "Can you feel anything? Joy or disappointment? Hate? Love?"

The man evaluates this statement. Finally he gives a single answer. "No."

Benford says, "Diplomatic considerations aside... do you want to?"

Gerhard eyes Benford from behind his shades. "That is a meaningless question. Please clarify."

"It has no emotions, it cannot want anything," says Jet. "Gerhard, if you had an objective that required your annihilation, you would pursue it relentlessly, would you not?"

"Of course."

"And if you had two alternatives, one which had a lesser chance to reach your objective but might spare you from destruction, would you select that one, or the one that assures your success?" asks Jet.

"The assurance of success would come first," Gerhard answers.

"With one exception. If my future utility outweighed the value of the objective. In which case I would spare myself."

The mechanical man continues. "It is my assertion based on observation that human beings have difficulty with this question and often choose self-preservation. I believe that this is because they cannot compute their own utility and so fall back on random determination or emotional input to decide. Examples include a mother rescuing her child from death despite risk to herself, or a soldier sacrificing himself for his unit. Such individuals are lauded for their actions and praised for their willingness to self-sacrifice."

Benford sighs. "We have emotions, we feel joy and disappointment, hate and love. I won't pretend it's always pleasant; it often isn't. However, it's still something we value highly - one of the few things that is universally valued," he explains. "It provides context for our pursuits. We aren't granted a purpose by a 'Great Maker'. The examples of self-sacrifice you cite often occur because our judgement, though imprecise, determines that sacrifice is more important to the preservation of that context than our survival."

"And so I asked if you wanted to experience these things," he continues, "because it may aid your specific and general missions to study humanity."

"Mr. Morgan is clearly aware of the mechanism by which we study emotional responses from the human perspective," Gerhard replies. "It was the instrument by which he experienced the temple."

Poe nods. "That's certainly true." He rubs his chin. "Your Maker gives you your purpose explicitly, but we humans are more or less left to determine our own purpose. And emotions - and culture - are what shape our decisions. If we do have any sort of higher purpose, it's been built into our emotions." He laughs dryly. "Sometimes I wonder about that. If I hadn't been explicitly _told_ we were designed at all, I'd never have believed it."

Benford shifts uncomfortably. "Yes. Well." Then something occurs to him. "We came here to find out why Poe was assaulted, we found links to a group promulgating Intelligent Design." He raises a finger and motions at the appliances in the room, lights and telephone. "And this place was consecrated as a temple to a realm based on information... hmm. Gerhard, you've been observing this place. What can we persuade you to tell us about the motives of Poe's assailants?"

"Nothing," Gerhard says.

"Gerhard, how exactly do you calculate your utility?" Jet keeps herself focused on the not-precisely-chatty guest. "And who makes that measuring stick for you?"

"My utility is a function of the time and other costs to construct and educate me."

Benford says, "Educate you? I would have thought that programs could easily be duplicated."

"The word is meant according to its general definition," says Gerhard.

"But that's your base starting cost, it speaks nothing about your future worth, which can only be approximated or guessed," notes Jet.

"It is calculated through an amortization process, similar to your depreciable assets," explains the mechanical man.

"So how does the information you gather get reported back to whatever or whoever sent you, Gerhard?" asks Jet. She is surprised she's doing so much talking, but she's also surprised Gerhard hasn't said 'I can't answer that' very much.

"That is not a topic I can discuss," he says.

Benford says, "For that matter, do you have any questions for us? You're here to observe Mister Morgan. So far we've asked most of the questions."

"It seems prudent to gain your trust," the man replies. "However, I will now listen to whatever Mr. Morgan wishes to say."

"Questions also reveal how we think," notes Jet.

"So... what topics can you discuss," asks Xin.

"Anything which does not compromise the strategic or tactical situation."

Benford says, "Then is it fair to say that, in some sense, you are at odds with us? My goal in suggesting establishment of diplomatic relations so we can pursue our goals without wasting resources on excessive readiness."

"I think what Benford is trying to say," observes Poe, "is that we prefer to be studied _this_ way than the way your colleague on the flight to New York attempted to study Benford. Now maybe you feel you _have_ to study us that way, but the more you do that, the more we will do to try to prevent you from doing it. Again - remember emotion. We _fear_ death, and we'll go to lengths to avoid it that might not strike you as rational."

"If a purely diplomatic method could have sufficed, we would have employed it exclusively," says Gerhard. "That is the most I will say."

"Gerhard, can you say who you work for?" asks Jet. "I don't just mean a name. Is it like you, or is it something different?"

"I will not say."

"Gerhard, how long have you existed?" Jet is trying to get a new angle of attack. "When you are done gathering information, will you continue to have value?"

"Sixteen months three days two hours," he replies. "And I will retain measurable value for another forty-three years."

Morgan stands up and leans on a nearby table. "Do you have any more questions for _me_, Gerhard? I will be happy to answer them... as long as it does not compromise _our_ strategic or tactical situation, of course."

"I have several. It will be easiest if you summarize your motives, your wishes, and your ambitions."

Benford says, "Do you mean Mister Morgan specifically, or each of the Solars, or our ambitions as a group? And I should warn you that nobody can speak for all of humanity, or even all of Earth's Exalted. We have indications that there are some... deep differences of opinion... that we're going to have to work through."

"Mr. Morgan specifically. These differences are understood and guided my selection of a single target."

Morgan nods to Gerhard. "Then I will do my best." He rubs his chin. "Most of all... I would say that my motivation is to propagate _truth_. You've observed that we humans are emotional? Well, part of that means that we're prone to clinging to knowledge that doesn't reflect reality. Now, I don't think I can _stop_ that, and I don't know if I would even if I could. But I _can_ try to stop other people from manipulating their fellow human beings."

"If you can convince someone of something that isn't true, you can get them to do things they'd never dream of if they had a clearer view of things," continues Morgan. "That, more than anything, is the sort of thing I want to stop." He grins. "Of course, I can kinda see where they're coming from. It can be _exhilarating_ to know that people are hanging on your words. And that's a lot easier if you're telling them what they want to hear rather than unpleasant truths."

"Of course, since Exalting, I've had much more short-term goals. My most immediate goal for the past month has been trying not to get killed - such as nearly happened here." Poe fixes Gerhard with a level gaze. "That's part of why I'm here tonight. Since Exalting, I've been on the run because I didn't know who was trying to kill me here that night. That's gotten in the way of me doing everything else I want to do."

"I am not motivated to assauge any lingering resentment you have, Mr. Morgan," Gerhard says firmly. "However, I am coming to a better understanding of your emotional state."

Xin leans back against a wall and holds one hand up against the back of his head, scratching as he tries to puzzle his way through the conversation. "So there's something that bothers me here," he says, catching up. "You're trying to understand him," Xin gestures at Poe, "Because you think it'll help you accomplish your goal. You also seem to have calculated your value for the remainder of your lifespan. Or whatever. What happens though if you understand him? Does your value increase, does it decrease because you're not needed anymore, or does it go down if you don't understand him?" The Solar seems to be fighting to find the right words. "I guess I'm trying to figure out what happens once you reach the point you calculated, some forty-three years away."

"Then I will either be renewed or retired. The value of understanding Mr. Morgan is not a topic I will discuss."

"The value of Gerhard is calculated only on materials and education," says Jet. "Isn't that accurate? The information you gather is going to be perfectly related to another, I assume."

"Right it disrupts the tactical thing," replies Xin. "So if you're renewed, you get to keep on going, and if you're retired, what, you're recycled or something?"

"Correct."

Xin says to Jet, "Right. I'm just wondering though, 'cause it seems that if one of them fulfills their purpose and maximizes their value-or leads a good life-they get to keep on going. Do you get a new purpose Gerhard? Kinda like reincarnation almost."

Gerhard shrugs stiffly. "Reincarnation is a loosely correct analogy."

"So you won't tell us because you don't _want_ to tell us, or because you don't know?" Morgan asks, grinning. "You needn't answer that, of course." Sobering a little, he goes on. "Exalting hasn't really changed my purpose, not yet. If you want to learn about _that_, you'll have to wait until I can move back in here, come out of hiding, and find out what I _can_ do, other than just survive."

Benford interjects as Morgan finishes. "You're here to study Mister Morgan, Gerhard. However, I have something I'd like to make sure you bring to your masters. At one time I would have thought this entire affair incomprehensible, irrational. Now I see there's a few ways this could make sense. And so." He leans toward the mechanistic interloper. "We don't understand the problem yet. But _we shall_ find a solution. Make sure they understand that."

"If a solution which satisfies all parties is devised, we will adopt it," Gerhard says. "If we devise one, we will share it."

Benford sits back, and nods. "Then it seems that we agree upon that which is most important. So what shall we do now?"

"Since I have satisfied the bulk of my requirements, I intend to leave. Now is the time for you to stop me if you intend to do so." Gerhard turns and begins walking for Morgan's front door.

"Will you be in contact with us again if we don't," asks Xin, "Or have you fulfilled your purpose?"

Jet looks to Morgan and Benford, then back to Gerhard. "It was nice talking to you, Gary," she says. "I think it would be pretty silly to come to blows now."

"I have fulfilled the bulk of my requirements. Now I have further analysis to do."

"I ask because I think I would like to get to know you better. Or at least try to understand what I think I know a little better." Xin grins, "For some things though, words don't work quite as well as we would hope. Perhaps if our paths cross again, we'll discuss things further. Good night, nice to have met you."

And with that, Gerhard opens the door and walks out into the night.

---

After Gerhard leaves, the Exalts talk briefly about staying or going. Finally, the sound or rain starting to pour on the roof makes up their minds for them. Sleeping arrangements are made, but for the Full Moon there's something wrong. She can't relax, and the restlessness only builds. Finally she rises and mutters, "Going out for a walk." Xin will have to stand guard for a bit. She just knows there's something she must see.

The area is quiet, save for the beating of the rain against the house. Once outside, with nature on his face, the brave man stalks after the tigress. _The others are safe enough as it is. This is the kind of night made for one of two things. Being safe and sound in bed... or..._ He keeps just a ways behind her, not saying anything, nor doing much to mask his presence.

Once Jet's outside, she realizes it's still raining pretty steadily, and that she hasn't a clue where she wants-or needs-to go. The anxiety is growing, though. She walks quickly away from Morgan's house and along the street. At least she starts at a walk. Soon she finds herself jogging and sniffing at the wind. The wolf urges her to move faster. Her eyes narrow, and her upper lip twitches, as if she were about to bare a fang and snarl. Jogging isn't fast enough. Soon Jet is racing into the wind, and her eyes barely blink. More and more she draws the air in through her nose. She listens to the sounds on the wind. She hears the rain on rooftops, on sidewalks, and hears the distant howl of sirens and the hurried footsteps of Xin, not to mention the racing of her pulse in her ears. But there's something else, beyond those senses. _Faster_!

Xin is drawn along with Jet. As her footsteps pick up, so do his. His shadow, cast by the myriad lights of the neighborhood, chases hers, running across the sides of buildings, growing and shrinking as its owner passes nearer and further from sources of light. Water splashes in his wake, disturbed forever as it spills over into the gutter. He is racing now, pelted by the rain, and even his shadow holds its arms up in vain to shield against the weather.

Jet forces herself to greater speeds, until she's not sure if she's running towards something or away from it. The fox whispers to her, "Sometimes we do both." It only causes her to grow more frantic, and she gnashes her teeth in frustration. The voice of the wolf grows stronger in her, "Now! There!" Jet turns her head just in time to see a white car racing right at her out of an alley. She knows that what she's seeking is near, and in a moment she knows precisely what she must do. The car shows no care of hitting her or not, and so she leaps straight into the air, twisting her body so that she stretches out parallel to the ground as the vehicle races past under her.

Xin rolls to one side, out of the way in an instant as the car speeds past. Hands splash on the now rain-soaked street as the Solar ends up in a crouch, ready to spring into action. All his focus now is on Jet, twisting through the air.

The Lunar hits the pavement with a grunt, and scrambles down, deeper into the alley. Finally she hears something. Labored breathing, choked-back sobs slip between the noise of falling rain. Farther in the Lunar goes. At last she sees a naked form, dirty and bruised, huddling in the gap between a building and a garbage bin. She knows Xin is right by her, and hopes he's wise enough to stay back. Jet slips off her jacket as she gets closer. As she expects, the girl-younger than she expected-draws away. The jacket is held out, but Jet says nothing. She can't imagine what she could say right now.

Xin stands watch at the edge of the alleyway. Whoever was in that car might have had friends, or more than one reason for leaving in a hurry. He peers after it in the rain, and then looks up, scanning the rooftops that line the alley while Jet's attention is focused on... whatever it is.

What it is is a young woman. A girl, really. Somewhere in her middle teens. She takes the jacket that is offered, but continues to huddle back in that little gap. Jet kneels down, careful to make only brief eye contact. "It's really too cold out. You're going to get sick. Is there someplace I can take you?" The girl shakes her head just a little, and draws herself into a ball. "It's okay," Jet promises. "I have a friend who lives near here." Well, sorta near here. They did run quite a long way. "Are you hurt? I mean.. that's stupid. Do you need to go to a hospital?" Jet hears her voice from time to time. How can she sound so calm? She knows what just happened. She can _smell_ it. The rain is no protection.

Xin catches Jet's half of the conversation, and gets enough of an idea about what's happened to understand what to do next. He shifts on his feet, sliding one apart from the other slowly. The water pooled at his feet barely ripples as the martial artist meditates. He finds that calm center he keeps going on at Poe about. Then that sereneness is focused on the alley, at least in Xin's mind. It may not do anything, but in this way he at least feels less flummoxed than he otherwise might.

The girl shakes her head quickly at the mention of a hospital.So you have no other place to go, and you don't have to go to a doctor right now. Staying out here seems like a bad idea, though. It's not safe, and it's too cold. You are going to get sick." Jet smiles calmly, and her voice grows more confident as she says something that would normally surprise her.My name's Charity, and my friend over there is Xin." She leans in and says more quietly, "He's a bit weird, but he's totally safe. You know, the kind who'll break someone's arms for looking at your legs without permission first." There's no laughter, but the mention of someone else out there does get the girl to at least move out of that little gap.

"I'm Ana." The girl's voice is so soft Jet can barely hear it. "It's nice to meet you, Ana," Jet answers. She sighs softly. She can see the bruises more clearly now. Ana has a black eye, and has many bruises over her arms and legs. "Would you like to have a safe place to stay tonight? It'd be warm, and clean, and in the morning, I will help you do whatever it is you decide to do. You'd have some pretty amazing people who want to help you out, Ana."

Xin steps into plain view. The rain frames the edges of a nearby streetlight's illumination, and Xin stands in the center of it, looking more like a soaked cat than someone who'd be breaking arms. But then he faces the girl and bows, one hand clasped over his fist. He is here to help, and this gesture communicates what a dozen 'Um, er, ah's' couldn't possibly hope to do. He looks to Jet, questioningly, "Can I come in while you two figure out what you're gonna do? It's too wet out here."

"We're about to come out, I think," says Jet. It's not like that little gap is going to offer much protection, anyway. Ana does slip out, wearing Jet's coat. Fortunately, she's short enough for the jacket to cover her pretty well. All her clothing is missing. "Xin, this is my friend Ana. I'm going to let her have my spot on the couch. That way I can watch over her tonight." Jet offers another reassuring smile, "That is, if you want someone to watch over you." There's some power that just seems to exude from Jet. Though the Full Moon struggles with her emotions, she is pure confidence, and utterly calm. Her posture, the softness of her eyes, and the small, warm smiles all create a powerful impression. She can be trusted. Still, it's hard for her to just keep her rage and frustration in check. Whoever was in that car must be to blame, and she didn't even try to stop them. "We can't exactly get a cab this time of night, so I guess we're going to have to walk."

Xin nods. "Hello Ana, I'm Xin." While not showing any sign of immediate concern about Ana's state, he can't help but notice the change in Jet's behavior. The sudden power behind her every motion, the sudden clarity of intent registers on his face. He smiles wearily at the thought of walking home, "Well, I'll throw some blankets in the dryer to warm them up when we get back, and the thought of their warmth shall be enough to get us there."

Overhead, the rain begins to falter. Jet can see moonbeams reaching down, scything through the clouds, cutting a path through the sky. It won't be wet for much longer.

From the first, Ana struggles. Jet is careful, though. She knows that a touch at this point is going to be extremely uncomfortable, and not just because Ana is bruised. Then Jet feels the light of Luna about her, and the painful swirling of emotions wavers, then shatters. In its wake, Jet feels her spirit aligning. Her courage, her sense of self, her faith, and her love are crystalized, focusing her entirely on Ana. Perhaps it is something felt at an unconcious level, or maybe simple despair and exhaustion overcome Ana's resistance, but soon Jet is carrying her. Under the light of the moon, the Lunar's hair shines here and there like molten silver, and though Jet senses pain and struggles ahead, her heart is at peace.

The night is peaceful. The rain stops falling, leaving the clouds blanketing the nightsky silently. The pair of Exalts and the mortal child travel safely through the night and arrive back at the house. As promised, Xin throws some blankets in the dryer while scrounging up some dry clothes for their new guest.

Jet guides Ana to the bathroom, letting the girl sit down. "Do you want to take a bath, Ana?" she asks quietly. The girl looks up at Jet, then towards the tub, nodding. "I'm going to scrounge up some clothes for you to wear while you sleep, okay?" She sees the alarm in the girl's eyes and smiles, "I'll be able to hear the water and hear you. I promise I won't be far. Once I get the clothes, I'll be back." The natural impulse is to mother Ana, and make all the choices for her. It's exactly the wrong thing to do, though. The Lunar just knows what she's doing by instinct. While Jet hunts through her bag for clothes, she hears the water start rushing into the tub. She settles on a plain white t-shirt that will do for a nightgown and a pair of shorts. Not the best, but good enough in a pinch.

"She'll be okay," says Xin, once he finds Jet again. "The blankets should be warm soon enough, is there anything else I can do?"

"Nothing really," says Jet. "I think for now, we just have to be supportive and help her whatever way she wants to go." The Full Moon looks at the door and murmurs, "I think sleep is probably the best thing. Set the blankets out by the couch for me when they are warm. Tomorrow we figure out the rest together." Jet slips into the bathroom then, and leaves the clothes by the bath. A few moments later she is stepping back out and making sure things are ready.

Once Ana leaves the bath, she settles herself on the couch, her back pressed firmly against its back and her body tightly covered by the blanket. Jet has pulled up another couch so she can sleep right by Ana, but with enough space for Ana to feel secure. Still, the younger girl takes Jet's right hand and lays her cheek on it. Ana whispers softly, "Good night, Charity." Jet smiles at Ana and replies, "I'll be right here by you all night." That is how the others will find them, spared from the fears and pain of waking by dreamless sleep.