Jet has several camps to check, and does so in a methodical fashion. One after another is inspected by a dirty stray, and at each Jet fails to find any evidence. In the end, she can only conclude that her original hunch was off. It's not something like Saint Death she is hunting, but one of the assembled.

Jet hasn't wasted her trip. She's learned enough to get the Sidereals some useful information. Her impulse is to tear this place apart, but she's smart enough to know that idea is a bad one. The Lunar decides to get back home. She has a family waiting for her, and she can't win this fight alone.

The Lunar hurries back to Mexico, hopping the first flight. Her papers are fake, of course, but that's hardly been a problem for her. Even before she met the Sidereals she almost never used her real identity.

Upon her return, Jet first greets her family, and as usual has to evade their questions for now. The return of Elizabeth and Natasha has caused something of a stir, but even that must wait. Jet decides to talk to Mary. They haven't spoken for a while, after all.

Jet isn't much for formality, so she gets right to the point the moment the door is shut. "So I went to Colombia trying to find out where Timothy's parents are. I think you guys must have had a hunch, because what I found was pretty crazy."

The whole story is relayed carefully. Jet isn't sure what details might be useful, so she tries to recall them all. She explains her meeting with Emil Tuogo, the description of the weird woman and the power of the injection. Jet explains her original hunch and how nothing turned-up, indicating that it must have been an assembled.

"So my thought is that the injection was one of those nanite things," says the Full Moon. "If that's true, it means that Timothy must have nanites in him. Hm.. I wonder if Cam might be able to detect nanites."

Mary listens to all this. It's clear that she still feels out of her depth, but to her credit she takes Jet to Roger Wolf Pads. "I have a hunch," she explains to the shaman, and so saying she tells him about it while Jet listens. The Lands of Light are the conduit by which the Assembled reach Earth. The Sidereal System seems capable of some limited interaction. Do the Lunars have some equivalent way of dealing with a world of information?

Roger's answer is simple. "If it is a place, and it leaves traces, then Jet can track it. Luna's Chosen prowl through dreams and streets as easily as forests. They are the protectors. Let Jet track her quarry as any other prey, even if that Prey exists in another world."

"How do I do that?" asks Jet. "I don't understand." She usually checks-out mentally whenever the Lands of Light are brought-up. It's the kind of metaphysical stuff that she's never been into.

"Instinct!" Roger grins. "Trust your beast instincts. They will always know what to do."

"So I just follow the Nike slogan?" asks Jet. "Sounds a bit trippy, but I'll give it a shot." She sighs quietly and tilts her head, "At the moment, I'm not sure following it is a great idea, anyway. Provided I find this person, what do you suggest?"

Roger smiles again. "What I suggest is that you trust your instincts," he says firmly. "You ask too many questions, girl. Be a Full Moon. Fight those who are your enemies. Protect those who are your charges. Follow what is natural to you."

"That's kind of frightening," says Jet softly. "My instinct is to shatter the drug trade. Not in the most pleasant of ways."

"But that will not find your quarry," says Roger, raising a hand. "What is it that you wish to do _now_?"

"Now? I want to be with my family. This is not yet the time of judgement," says Jet. "When I feel that I have settled them, I will go and deal with Colombia. It is time to teach MS-13 that stepping out of line has a very high price."

"And when will you hunt your quarry?" asks Roger.

"To handle Colombia, I must handle it, as well," says Jet. "I would prefer that my friends return. I can level the enemy as well as anyone, but what good is it to take down the cartels if nothing is built in their place?"

Roger nods. "Then.. Stalk that prey for now, if you wish. Whatever must come next will come to you at the right time, Jet. That is our way."

"I will find what I can. But my pack comes first." Jet waits for a moment, then says, "Oh, you two should join us for dinner. I think I can talk Amy and Michelle into cooking for us."

Roger smiles and nods. Mary looks less certain, but nods as well.

Jet laughs softly, but files away in her head that Mary doesn't seem very comfortable or confident. She goes back to her family, gathering them together. The Lunar explains everything that has happened to her, beginning with the night she was caught in a hurricane. She finds she has a talent in telling a tale, able to avoid the grisly details while still capturing every emotion and nuance.

It is not a short story, and Jet has to pause to explain her own thoughts and feelings several times. Some parts of it a horrible, but as the Lunar considers everything that happens, she feels a swelling of pride, as well. She's done bad things, but all things considered, the Lunar is starting to see how many positive things she's done.

In the end, Jet finds that Laura and Timothy have fallen asleep beside her. The story ends with coming here. There are no mysteries, no doubt, they know what she is now, and as near as Jet can tell, they believe. Naomi is the first to speak, and her words are a soft whisper, testing Jet's ears. The Lunar nods at the question and laughs a little, too. "So anyway, let's get dinner ready. We have guests tonight. Roger and Mary are coming to join us."

The dinner is a relaxing enough event. Roger is great to have over, as always. Jet makes a note to ask him about parenting. He seems natural, and though Angela is a good role model, the revelation of Jet's new identity has caused a distinct shift in how the others view her. She's no longer a young woman in their eyes. For her part, Mary is quiet and withdrawn at times, but eventually the more playful members of Jet's family are able to bring a smile to her face.