Once again, Wonderland has fallen through a hole in local paperwork. The truck is parked in a cavernous warehouse on a rail spur, nominally under lease to GM as a staging area for shipments to China, but more realistically a home for obsolete car parts whose ship will never come in. The warehouse manager attended the Gathering at the last Solstice, and has assured Vasconcelas that the Circle will not be disturbed as long as he's in office.

Benford finds Meyer and Barry plying their trade. Somehow, in less than twenty-four hours, the two Sidereals have turned an old locker room into their nerve center, covered in paper, note cards, post-it notes, and random newspaper clippings. "We need to start rolling out the reactors," Benford says. "California has one of the highest per capita power consumptions in the world, but the politics of electricity are horrible. So we're going to light up Tijuana, and sell the surplus to San Diego. That will establish our bona fides, and things should escalate rapidly from there. The economy on both sides of the border gets a boost, and we've lit the fuse on Greenspan."

"But," the scientist continues, "we need someone we can talk to in both camps. Vasconcelas knows someone in the local economy, I'm sure. San Diego is more of a problem. We need someone in the local industry there. A good man, if not a great man, preferably with green political leanings. Someone who will think this is a gift from God. Which it may well be, but he needs to understand that."

In response, Meyer drops a manila folder in front of Benford, on the makeshift table he's using as a desk. "Here's your Interconnects booklet, the OATS tariff schedule, and the GPCP paperwork," he says with a smile. "Fill this out, dot the I's, and cross the T's."

"Once we submit this," Meyer continues, "we'll talk to Mike Hacskaylo. He's our man."

Benford flips through the pile of papers. "The things we have to do, to get people to co-operate in their own salvation." He starts writing. This, ideally, is the easy part.

Jet has been essentially missing since the circle rolled in to Tijuana. Dividing her time between her family and a new project has left her little rest, and when she catches up with Benford and the Sidereals, it's starting to show. With the Lunar, though, even utter exhuastion is somehow sexy. She's carrying two binders, labelled respectively Eyes Open and Case Closed. "Hey Barry, I thought you might be interested in knowing what's going down, so I've been busy." The binders are handed over by the Lunar with a grin. One is full of criminal lists from the wannabes to the heaviest gang banger to the slickest drug dealer and the other details a plan for Jet to take them over one by one. "Naomi wrote it up for me, and Timothy checked the math for me," says Jet. The foot work, though, is 100 percent her own.

The Vizier accepts the binders and leafs through them, eyes scanning the pages. He grabs hold of a highlighter pen, uncaps it, and begins making marks in the pages. "Not done... done... needs attention.." He mumbles to himself with each case, sometimes making amendments to the files. "Good work. Excellent work. I do have something you can help with, something Dr. Benford's doing."

"Sure thing," says Jet. She looks to Newton curiously. She assumes there's no math involved. "What have you got for me?"

"We're going to be hooking up to the California energy grid soon," Barry explains. "We're going to need some muscle. Begin developing a program of security for the reactor and its complex. Dr. Benford will have the plans for that soon, I imagine."

"Hmm, I'm guessing the big boys in power are not gonna be very happy about his success," notes Jet. "I can get some people ready who will be perfect. Besides, it's kind of important to find these guys real jobs that will use their current skillset."

Barry waves around Jet's case files. "Some of these guys might be useful. I trust your judgment, though."

Benford says, "Security... yes. I guess we need that too." He looks out the window. "Might as well be here. It's flat, it's underpopulated, and it's on the rail right-of-way. But first let's convince the locals and the yankees that this is a good idea. Besides..." The scientist scowls. "I'm sick of skulking around. I want them to know their asses are getting saved. And I want them to know we're doing it."

"I'll get you the people you need, Newton, you just light the world up." Jet stretches slightly and asks, "So is this world-shattering kinda change here?"

Benford thinks carefully before answering Jet. "Put simply, yes. It may be the most important discovery since beer, and it's going to piss off all kinds of rich and powerful people. You want in?"

"God, this sounds fun!" says Jet. "I can't wait to see the richboys choke on their cigars. So.. when do we start? You just need some muscle from me and half an ounce of prevention?"

Benford says, "Muscle? Maybe. We'll see. Right now, just moral support... and as to when..." Meyer is fiddling with a fax machine and the stack of papers Benford was working on. "Not long at all, I think. Not long at all."

"We still have the system impact study and the environmental study," remarks Barry. "Meyer will be cutting the appropriate checks for those. We should be ready by Tuesday. Dr. Benford, how long to construct the actual facility?"

Benford says, "I'm not sure. To build the whole thing will take months. But to put the first reactors online... hmm. Find me an electric motor factory, or an electronics recycler..." He sketches some notes on an envelope, a curve of megawatts of generating capacity per month. "Maybe a week? Unlike coal, it scales well."

Barry claps his hands together. "Let's get started then."

"Unless you have more for me, I think that's my hint that I gotta get started right away," says Jet. "This corner of the world needs to be as clean as its power."

---

Benford begins by 'renovating' the warehouse itself. The power plant is assembled from modules. Under the circumstances, the hundreds of empty steel shipping containers at the waterfront are the best building block; each one contains a single reactor with a megawatt of output, surrounded by plastic drums of seawater to absorb what little radiation escapes. The first one is populated with Benford's prototype, which provides power for the workshop that will manufacture each successor.

Jet finds trustworthy local artisans to handle the construction. Some are skilled in building electric coils, a key component of the system. Some have worked in power plants before, and handle the high-voltage connection to the grid. Assembling transmission towers will take some time, so construction crews begin drilling holes and pouring pads along the railbed. And of course, Jet knows more than a few roughnecks, men with the rare combination of an honest soul and a brawler's mentality, who keep the perimeter secure.

Within the week, the first few reactor modules are online... enough to power the building itself, with the promise of more on the way.

Case Closed starts quietly. Jet has mapped out the players in every gang, including their families. How she remembers it all is not something she thinks of, but every drop of information in those binders is in her head.

The first target is Mark Juarez, a middle level hood worth little at a first glance. First glances, however, are so very deceiving. Mark has more than thirty cousins involved in the drug trade. He also has a beautiful, sweet wife, a four year old boy and twins on the way. His wife thinks he's involved in some shipping business.

Jet's approach is the very embodiment of what she wants to become. She finds the house where Mark and the rest of the clique hang out. After a few polite knocks don't get her inside, she tears it off its hinges and tosses it aside casually. A young neighbor boy watches with a jaw hitting the ground as Jet's presence is made clear.

Despite all her attempts, Jet just can't win this one with politeness. Mark isn't alone, and the Lunar knows that to get into the minds of gang members, she has to first teach their bodies the power of the divinely inspired. There is some gunfire, but in Jet's wake there are only unconscious men, their weapons ruined to demonstrate her superhuman strength.

When the Lunar confronts Mark, she does not move to disarm him, but instead tells him about his future and her vision of what will be. A month ago the Lunar would never have bought her words, but now her conviction is palpable. It is not the exact words that linger, but the emotions and the direction they provide. Even in a short time Jet is able to inspire in a way that few humans ever experience. As the men wake one by one, they too hear the words of the Lunar, each turning inward as a greater purpose is unfolded before their eyes.

But there is more to do. Jet seeks out the thieves and the brutes. She not only stops robberies and assaults, she gives the criminal a chance at redemption. Join her, follow her, and make this place something worth fighting for, worth dying for. There will be work, their will be pride again. They have heard these promises before, perhaps, but never from someone so persuasive and so obviously powerful in their own right.

Word, as it is wont to do, spreads like wildfire. Jet makes herself easy to find, easy to approach. In the space of a week she's become the person people know they can turn to for help, for assurance, and for protection.

And she delivers. Jet understands people. She even turns to the police, asking Morgan for help in finding those that are good and effective and including them, sharing her spotlight with them even as she inspires them. Heroism, she knows, is as addictive as it is healthy for the spirit and mind.

The Full Moon knows more about territory than most, as well. Jet reaches out, sending word to Ricky of all she is doing and inviting him to join her. She could use his help, even if things are working for the moment. She wants to see a transformation engulf all of Mexico. The Lunar also contacts St. Death, explaining what she hopes to bring about in Tijuana and requesting help from her, as well. Jet has a strange suspicion that St. Death knows a lot of things that are utterly alien to the circle, and she wants to tap into that knowledge.

Jet also sends word to Roger. It is more an explanation of what she is doing and a thank you for his help and guidance than a request for help. He's given her plenty of that. Even if they have not often spoken together Roger's words linger in her mind and have inspired Jet often. He is invited to join her in Tijuana if he ever has the urge. The beer is, of course, on her.

---

Saint Death is the first to make herself known. She is not wearing her persona's rather unsettling garb; she's dressed like a civilian, though her skin is pale and cold and her eyes reflect a hard darkness. Jet knows she is coming before she even arrives. The rain that falls that day on the city brings a chill.

The woman herself arrives with little fanfare. At one of the expat bars, well away from the _Avenida Revolucion_, Jet finds her drinking with a backpack sitting on the bar stool next to her. "I have news for you," she says.

"What is it?" asks Jet. She is surprised to find St. Death here. She was expecting the woman to come in the night, scratching eerily on the Lunar's window sill.

The Abyssal slips her hand into her backpack and pulls out a tape recorder and what looks to Jet like a severed human hand. On closer inspection she realizes what it is. The flesh of its skin looks wholly natural, but the innards are not bloody or messy. They exude a clean, crisp organic texture which Jet recognizes as Alchemical. "They're upgrading people," says Diana.

"We have seen this," says Jet quietly. She wrinkles her nose at the sight of the limb. "How did you come by that trophy? And where? They had been modifying members of MS 13, but I have no idea how many there are running wild."

"Further south. I was helping Enrique. There will always be mules in Mexico - people bringing drugs from further south, moving them to America." The Abyssal sighs. "These are the new would-be cartels. They make deals with the machine men, then promise Colombia that they can succeed where Juarez failed. And the machine men are arming the Cali and Medellin families as well."

"There is only one answer, then, isn't there?" asks Jet. "We have to take Colombia. Either sink it, or claim it." She points out simply, "If they are going to threaten what we are doing here, I have no choice but to deal with them."

Diana shrugs. "I don't know if they even know where you are. But this has got Ricky on fire. He's not going to let this go."

"Where is he?" asks Jet. "We'll help him. We're in this together, no matter what. We all win together, or we let them kill us a few at a time."

"Last I heard, he'd hijacked a semi truck carrying a shipment and was going to drive it off a bridge. That's what he said over the CB. Haven't heard from him since." The Abyssal returns to her drink for a moment.

"Fuck." Jet growls under her breath. "Where is he? You have any idea? We're vulnerable alone, and it sounds like he hasn't an ounce of control left."

Diana laughs at that, and sets her drink down. "I'm sure he's fine. He does that sort of thing all the time. No subtlety to him at all."

"Well, will he at least come and make some plans with me when he's done?" asks Jet. "He knows a lot more about these things than I do. If we work together we can get this job done, without him my odds are pretty poor."

Diana nods. "He'll show up. They could drop a mountain on him and he'd come out as a woodchuck, grinning."

"I hope you are right," says Jet. The Lunar laughs a little, shaking her head. "Anyway, I'm glad you are here. I want to know what you think of what we're trying to do in Tijuana, and I have a strange question for you."

The woman smiles. "Ask."

"What is virtue to you?" asks the Lunar seriously. "There is a lot to do, and I want to do it right, but I sometimes feel like I'm not seeing the big picture, you know? I hope that doesn't sound stupid."

Diana thinks about that for a time. "When I was more alive, I thought it was important to reveal the truth, to make people accountable. That hasn't really changed. I think only my methods changed. I took a myth and I lived it, made it happen. _Santa Muerte_ came from the hope of the people. If I'm true to that, then I don't think it can be wrong."

"I see," says the Lunar softly. "So what is most important to you is to reveal the truth?" she asks.

"No, not any more." Diana sighs. "Now.. now I think more about the accountability part. Making people pay for their sins. Rewarding people for their virtue."

"Are you happy?" asks Jet curiously. "I would normally say I don't mean to pry, but it'd be a lie."

"I will be once you shut up and let me drink," the woman grins. "Now come on. Let's celebrate a reunion properly."

Jet barks a laugh, "Alright, next ten rounds on me." She looks to the bartender, slapping the table, "My usual, please." And yes, even here they seem to know it by rumor.

---

Benford gets himself involved in the impact study. In short, this is the paperwork that allows the WAPA - Western Area Power Administration - to have some assurance that he isn't doing anything toxic, illegal, or politically stupid. The WAPA's charter was formerly hydropower. Benford remembers Helios' initial talk with him about the elements and man's use of them, and wryly notes the steady progression through the five elemental forces: geothermal, wind-hydro integration, reforestation initiatives, and other topics on the WAPA Web site.

There's one prerequesite to the whole process that Benford fears. If he's going to put his real name on this thing, then he needs to tell his boss at CERN, who he's been ignoring for months. Since getting on the plane in Geneva, Benford's life has been a black hole to the world. He settles on understated drama: from the office at a downtown hotel cafe, he stuffs a photo of his prototype into the fax machine, and sends it to Robert Aymar's office. Then he sits near the window and waits for his phone to ring.

Benford keeps it simple. Hel must have made sure that Aymar got just enough details for him to believe in just enough miracles to maintain Benford's credibility. Even so, the older scientist is puzzled, and a little alarmed, that Benford is building reactors in Tijuana and intervening in local energy politics. Benford doesn't try to deny the wierdness of it all. "But we knew it would happen this way, Robert. One day, we're slaves to petroleum, and poof! The next day, the sun rises. Well, it's happening, and it might as well happen here. You or anyone else we know is welcome to come and have a look; in fact, I'd thank you for it. I don't think they'll believe me otherwise."

Flights to Mexico are well within the budget of the Director-General of CERN, and Aymar reads off an itinerary before the call is even done. Benford scribbles the arrival time on a napkin, next to the arrival times of the representatives from WAPA and the city's local officer from the federal electricity commission. It promises to be an eventful day. The scientist wonders if the public will care, now or in the future.

---

The day has arrived. The perimeter is clear. The facility is ready. Tijuana natives and curious _gringos_ have been hearing rumors about something interesting. Jet's security forces have cleared out more than one overly-curious _gringo_, curiously equipped for sabotage.

Based on the impeccable reputation of the eminent Sir Newton Benford, formerly confined to a wheelchair and now able to walk thanks to a miracle of genetics, CERN has sent three of its senior physicists and a Swiss reporter. WAPA has sent two of its engineers; it seems that Mike had more pull than expected, since they are ready to begin the certification process. Even the environmental impact statement has been filed. The Mexican state government has sent a man to certify it, thanks to the impeccable reputation of Meyer's checkbook.

Cam is on hand, watching the festivities with Jet. He's nibbling on a cookie as he watches. Saint Death is here, and Ricky as well has made it. He wears an unaccountably large grin.

The scientists and reporters have been in pow-wow for awhile, reviewing Benford's reactor design. Nobody can find any fault with it, an accomplishment that seems to leave the CERN emissaries as bemused as they are satisfied.

Jet is strangely relaxed. At least on the surface. Under the facade she's more alert than NORAD during the height of the Cold War. A bud is in her ear and a small mic is bound around her wrist. She doesn't have to wonder if this little party has attracted unhappy attention, she knows all about it. That's okay, though. The trouble is stopped dead, and and each incident is a giant red arrow that will point her back to someone who needs to have a visit from Diana.

Benford himself waits nearby, dressed modestly in charcoal-grey wool slacks, expensive shoes, and a lighter shirt with the sleeves rolled up. He's pulled strings among scientists before, but never on this scale, so he's playing it by ear. _It's not up to me to tell them what to think of this_, he decides. _I only have to tell them how it is._

The time finally arrives. Three all-important signatures are written onto the paperwork. There's a fax machine nearby; Barry and Meyer have arranged for everything. WAPA's man seems unhappy with how slipstreamed the process is; he seems rather more interested in a conservative approach. Nevertheless, he takes care of faxing what WAPA needs.

For his part, Morgan has been keeping watch on Benford as he navigates the Byzantine bureaucracy of California energy politics, only to discover that a professional scientist's command of the grants process is every bit as much experience with bureaucracy as any reporter could have. Nevertheless, the Eclipse is on hand for launch day, at least - if for no other reason than to watch his Swiss colleague at work, and to be on hand just in case. If Jet is present for to deal with physical threats, Morgan is there to deal with attacking ideas.

Xin is on hand for launch day as well. It's an important step forward, and the Zenith would be remiss to not be in attendance. He keeps out of the way, leaving the business of the day to the people who know what they're doing. If anything presents a serious threat, he and Jet are there, but this is a chance to watch Benford in action. And besides, who better than a Zenith to witness the birth of a tiny sun?

"So we're gonna see it work, right?" asks one of the CERN scientists. That's enough for the others, who are rather interested in watching this proposed miracle take place.

Benford nods, and motions towards the front door of the great hangar. "We have a demonstration unit. However, this is an industrial environment, so I shouldn't have to remind you to not touch anything else."

Xin turns his gaze skyward, respectfully. _It's happening. We're making our first big steps. We're changing the world._ With his hands clasped together, the Zenith offers a prayer for this "birth" they're about to witness, offering and asking blessings for this endeavour.

Benford leads the way inside to the first of a long row of steel containers, stacked three high. There is room for hundreds of them. "Each one of these will power a hundred homes," he states, clearly enunciating for his guest's cameras. "Several of these are armed and running, supplying power to the building." He stops in front of the first, which hums with power. A sign proclaims 'Do Not Enter When Lit' in English and Spanish. A thick, heavily-tinted glass portal set into the side of the container gives a view of the machine. The most visible part is a pencil-thin beam of ionized alpha particles, glowing bright purple, down the entire length of the mnachine.

Benford pulls a large red lever down, and removes it from the panel, disabling the machine. The humming stops, and the light goes out; suddenly, the window is just a piece of inky blackness. "It is now safe to enter," he says simply, and opens the front hatch. "You'll notice these plastic barrels. They're full of seawater. They absorb what little hard radiation is produced by the process, and that's all it needs. Once the machine is switched off, there is no residual danger. Feel free to inspect the unit."

Geiger counters are showing nothing. Radiation badges have been passed out. Everything looks safe so far, and the scientists are muttering excitedly to themselves.

Benford allows himself a grin. If he died now - if the Alchemicals rolled a tank through the door and blew everyone away - he's still won. "You can make what you will of this," he says, his voice just loud enough to be heard by the assembled scientists and beauracrats. "What I make of this is, energy for everyone, not someday, but now. Since we tamed fire, energy has been everything to mankind. We live for it, and we die for it. But no more need we bleed for oil, or poison or oceans and skies for coal. From now on, our power is clean. Our water will be pure. Our skies will be clear. What I make of this is, we win. Today, everyone, everywhere wins."

Something stirs in the people who have been watching the spectacle. The scientists and reporters, the researchers and government men, all kind of grin at each other. There's cheering, and back-slapping, and handshakes. And carried by the mood of the moment, Benford and the others look at their power readouts. And Benford notices that as the excitement of his audience has grown, so has the output.

The announcement that WAPA is going to accept the offer of clean power from Tijuana's fusion reactor is big news to the people here. Even if the Solar made the reactor, it is here, and it is a source of instant pride among old and young alike.

It is hard to pinpoint where the party started afterward. It probably sprung up in many houses and in the way of great parties, poured out into the streets until the only work being done was the most critical of all: pouring drinks, cooking, and celebrating.

It falls to the security that Jet has created to maintain order, but the work is easy and far more fun than confiscating explosives. There are bonfires in many places, and it is near one of these that Jet meets Mark Juarez, staring off towards the fusion plant with a glow of joy in his eyes. "I do not know what it is that was done today, but I know it was a good thing."

The Lunar smiles calmly and nods, "Yes, it was a very good thing. Today, like so many days that lie ahead, we have saved the world together."

Mark smiles and nods, "It was a good day."