Dave Bowman doesn't seem extremely knowledgeable about current events within Autochthonia, and Livia is as oblivious - or simply flighty - as usual. However, as the friendliest face that Jet knows to be involved in the reconstruction of Cam, Dave is the first to hear about the schematics possessed by Mother of Many, on another of Jet's requests for an update.

Dave seems merely intrigued when Charity explains the schematics in their relation to Cam - his mind being largely occupied with that problem at the moment. However, something is nagging at him as he studies the plans, and is starting to say, "Wait... if you did this the other way around..." just as Jet tells him the rest of Mother of Many's explanation. At this, Dave is awestruck. "T...they're planning to do _what?_" he says weakly.

"Transform him," replies Charity. "Sounds kinda risky to me, but they are the heroes of this place, right?" She can only hope that means they know enough of what they are doing to be doing the right thing.

"Risky? Never mind risky, this shouldn't even be _possible_," says Dave, shaking his head as he studies the blueprint more closely. "Autochthon is a Primordial. They _can't_ change their own nature. It's like... like a mountain deciding it'd rather be a mountain goat." He stares for a few moments longer, then breaks into a grin. "This is probably the most amazing thing I've ever heard of in my life. And that's saying a lot."

"Well, if everything is essence, it should be possible," replies Charity evenly. "So what do you think will be the end result? And why would Autochthon even want to do this?"

Dave shakes his head. "Why? That's beyond even me. The will of a Primordial is beyond the comprehension of any lesser being - even the gods. Like I said, I couldn't even imagine Him being capable of _conceiving_ of the idea of changing himself, so I can't begin to imagine what would drive him to do so. As for the result..." he continues somberly. "It would be a transition unlike any other since the Great War between the Exalted and the Yozis. The end of one Primordial and the creation of a new one. Much like that War, in fact, with one exception: that transition was forced upon them. Autochthon is doing it to Himself."

"I imagine if he's a maker it's not that shocking that he'd want to remake even himself by some design," muses the Lunar. "You know a great deal about a lot of things," notes Charity. "Do you know about the war I'm fighting?"

"That's a possibility," muses the Wizard. "I'll have to think about that..." He blinks. "The reason you came here, you mean? Well, I know what you've told me," he says.

"I come from a world where we are fighting followers of Autochthon," says Charity. "I'm just not sure if they are from this Autochthon or some other one. If that makes any sense. I'm not sure anything does anymore, honestly."

"Well, that's probably because you're trying to understand a Primordial," says Dave. "Besides, as far as I can tell, you came here in the company of an agent of Autochthon, whom you've called your brother, and who you are willing to fight for. That's every bit as complicated as the questions you're raising, if you ask me."

"Yes, but those aren't the questions I'm asking," replies Charity evenly. "I wonder what will happen to everyone here when this change takes place. Will they die?"

Dave looks at the blueprints again. "That I couldn't tell you. I _can_ tell you that Autochthon will have thought of that, one way or another. Did you ask Mother?"

"I was too surprised to ask at that point," says Charity. "If I had thought of it, I would probably have waited. It could be seen as a rather insulting question, you know? I don't want to ruffle too many feathers."

Mother of Many chooses this moment to arrive - whether by accident or design. She hums gently, looking from Dave to Charity and back.

"Cam is ready. He will be decanted. Further, the First Veda wishes to address all of you. Will you come with me, please?"

Charity can't help but jump a little at the sudden appearance. "Decanted? Err, right. Of course!" She is never going to get used to these people.

---

The two travelers are joined by Livia at the Vat complex. Technicians are working on Cam's Vat. Jet can hardly see into the tank - it's so flooded with industrial chemicals and micromachinery that the body of her 'brother' is obscured.

Dave makes a last-minute inspection of the readings and signs off. The head technician does as well: "Alright, release authorized." The vat begins to drain out its contents into storage chambers. Robot arms lift the still-shadowed body of Cam out from above. Jets of steam spray him down as he's lowered to the platform, cleaning off the last of the industrial residue.

The body is a gleaming masterwork of silver statuary. Seemingly fragile glass globules containing a luminescent liquid are connected to brass and steel fittings, themselves surrounded by organically-sculpted metal that Charity recognizes instinctively as Moonsilver.

The joints are linked with a tangle of cogs and springs that seem to nest themselves into an ever-shrinking fractal map, becoming dizzyingly small and detailed the closer Charity looks at them. She can make out signs of spinning clockwork beneath the half-translucent surface of Cam's skin. And when he opens his eyes, showing a radiant green, she sees something else. For the first time that she can recall, he looks human. Not in the gross details, no. In his gaze.

"Mom is gonna kill me," mutters Charity softly. She can just imagine trying to make this explanation work.

Cam raises his hands in front of his face, turns them slowly, and inspects the mechanism. He runs his palms gently over his face, noticing that the old Alchemicals have left the contours the same. His old body had a song of its own, which was like a million whispers in a dark concert hall, each from a single fine-grained transtech subsystem. This new body is not so subtle; the whispers are gone, replaced by a bright, brassy symphony. Gross motions sound like an orchestra hit. However, the theme of the music, though enhanced, is still the same. Cam breathes a sigh of relief. "I am Cameron Williams," he says. "And I have been... promoted."

Charity isn't entirely sure it's safe to do so, but she takes a few steps closer and reaches out a hand to touch Cam's shoulder. "Are you okay?" It's perhaps a stupid question, but she can't think of a better question.

Cam grins, and takes Charity's hand. As he does, his metallic skin ripples, losing its luster and becoming opaque. The green glow of his eyes becomes muted, though it doesn't go away completely. In the width of a deep breath he looks completely human again. "Better than ever. I'm sorry if I worried you. It was worth the risk." He looks around at his visitors. "I guess I was out longer than you thought. What's happened?"

Mother of Many is ready with a loose-fitting robe, which she wraps around Cam. "When you are ready, the First Veda will see you."

"I went for a little trip," says Charity. "I grew up a little bit." She laughs softly and squeezes Cam's hand. "I was a bit worried, but I'll get over it. I just hope you can explain this new look to mom. She's probably gonna blame me for it if she decides she doesn't like having iron man for a child."

Cam says, "It sounds like we had similar experiences. We'll break it to her gently, then." Cam remembers that humans don't usually stand around naked. With his transformation complete, he feels an unexpected wash of modesty. That's also a relief, in its way; to be Cam is to be supportive and unassuming. "What happened to my clothes?" he sheepishly asks.

"I imagine they are somewhere," says Charity. She just imagines they are probably not in quite the form they had been. "We can always pick something up when we get back, right?"

"They'll be returned to you once our interview is done." Mother of Many seems rather firmly set on escorting her guests as quickly as possible.

"Or that," says Charity. "It sounds like we're keeping someone waiting.. so let's get a move on."

---

The First Veda is not even in the Patropolis of Thosh. The travelers are escorted to an enormous, rotund vehicle of some kind that operates on tracks - also, it seems, an Alchemical who has been transfigured through Essence. Their host/transport makes civil small talk during the two-hour journey, while Charity looks at the darkened industrial world passing by at incredible speed outside of the portholes.

The Veda lives in an isolated temple complex, far removed from the Patropoli or cities. The rail system is the only way to reach the complex - and Charity sees why as they draw near. If this inner universe had unreachable mountain peaks, the temple would be at their pinnacle. She can see the parts of the complex not already covered by the smoke-darkened metal that passes for rock in this world. She watches as the vehicle's interior lighting intensifies once it enters the final tunnel.

The host/transport jerks to a stop. The travelers are escorted out, onto a platform. An honor guard is there to greet them - a phalanx of mortal men in exoskeletal armor, bearing rifle-like weapons that glow an unsettling green color. And there is a major-domo of sorts, a spindly skeletal mechanism that approaches and bows its scarecrow frame. "Welcome to the residence of the Veda," it whirrs.

Cam marvels at the display of force and can't help but wonder at the implied threat. The Autochthonia he remembers - which is the future, for these people - didn't look like this. The Maker had no need of mortal guards. Everything he's seen adds up to one inescapable fact: something is going to happen here, in the depths of prehistory, that will set the stage for the future he remembers. _Is it something we precipitate? Or something that we'll mediate?_

The major-domo escorts the travelers into the labyrinthine complex, clanking and gurgling as it moves. Its presence seems sufficient to unlock the ponderously heavy security doors at three checkpoints, and the party can pass through these secure areas without breaking stride. It leads the way along a catwalk which extends to the center of a massive room, a perfect cube in all dimensions. The terminus of the catwalk is a pedestal on which rests a book - nothing more. And the major-domo flips the book open to the first page. It scans it, reading aloud in a considerably more impressive voice than its guests would have expected.

"You are in the presence of the First Veda. Please be at ease. I need no protection from you, and you need none from me, I assure you." So reading, the mechanism flips to the next page, then turns back and looks expectantly at the group.

Charity looks to Cam, hoping he knows the proper protocol for this kind of thing. She has this sense that the title First Veda deserves some measure of respect, though she can't guess how that is shown in this place.

Cam puts a comforting hand on Charity's shoulder. "I think we're alright here. We just need to respect our elders." To the major domo, he replies, "We are honored to be here and are at your service."

The creature looks back at the book. "Just so. It is your service that I've called you here to receive," it reads. "Each of you comes from a time and a place which reflect the fruition of Autochthon's work. I wish to explain that work to you."

"The Primordial War. Twenty-three Primordials were attacked by the gods of Creation. Two sided with the gods. Autochthon committed his resources and forces to assist. The gods, however, chose not to make use of the proto-Alchemicals that he had created."

"Instead, they empowered their own creations with their power. Those creations were, of course, human beings."

"Rather than the perfect mechanisms devised by the Great Maker, the gods invested their power in humans. Individually weak, fragile, imperfect. Flawed. And yet the gods chose them. And yet they succeeded. This came as rather a shock."

Cam asks, "And... because of that upset, the Maker wants to understand how mere unguided flesh could outperform the best design?" He's guessing, and as guesses go, it seems to be in keeping with the theme of the day.

"Yes and no." The majordomo continues reading, turning pages gradually as the conversation continues. "Gaia understands this because of her nature. It is Autochthon's nature to correct the imperfect. Therefore it is his plan to perfect humanity. No matter what."

"What of humanity's desire to not be perfected?" asks Charity. "What of the possibility that their flaws are the very key to their eventual perfection?"

"The Exalted are the champions of humanity," the major-domo reads. "If they fight and win against Cam's kind, they will have proven nothing except that they have superior power. Autochthon will continue to attack until he is destroyed. And that is why we are embarking on the great project."

"Autochthon retains some tie to Creation - as do all the Primordials. To sever that tie completely would destroy that world, and bring irrevocable harm to all others. Orderly progress would become impossible. Autochthon's final destruction would remove the very notion of designed improvement from existence. And so he is separating and isolating the parts of himself still tied to Creation. Should his nature be changed, Creation will be unharmed."

"In essence, he's amputating part of himself?" asks Charity. "At least he's acting with concern for Creation in that regard."

"He has never done anything that would harm Creation," reads the major-domo.

"It's more than that," Cam explains. "If you or I lose a finger... it's just tissue. For a Primordial to do what he's doing..." Cam shudders. The Alchemical part of him knows what this means; and the human part of him, that remembers the Wars, knowswhat this means. Ironically, it's the same thing. "The pillars of Heaven will shake. Literally. Woe to those in its shadow."

"Why are you telling us this?" asks Charity.

"You are here from a time in which the Great Maker has changed. He cannot tell you in his 'present' state - the Great Maker you know has no ties to humanity at all. He will have forgotten them completely, except for his mission. Therefore you can only be told this now. But it is important."

"He loves you, and he wants the best for you."

"I fear that we will have to cripple what he becomes," says Charity. "As you say, he will not stop on his own, and neither will we. I do not believe that humanity's perferction should come by an external hand. I think our hope must come from our own potential. In a way, both sides are interfering in it. Gaia is supposed to be humanity's chance to achieve that potential without Chosen, without alien influences."

"It seems that you grasp the inner truths of his plan," the major-domo answers. "Autochthon cannot perfect the children of the gods. He must force them to do the impossible - once again. They must find and repair their own flaws. He will simply make it necessary for them to do so."

Cam says, "I'm not sure it's at all that simple, Charity," Cam says. "I don't think he sees it as being crippled. He will become like us."

"So that's it," breathes Dave. "He's prepared to sacrifice Himself for what He sees as the best interest of mankind. And to do that, he must change Himself so that he _can_ - so that should mankind destroy _Him_ in its attempt to resist, it will not suffer from the cataclysm that would follow, if He remained as He is now."

"What will happen to you and to the others here?" asks Charity quietly. "Surely his plan will not doom his own people."

"The human inhabitants are already being evacuated, slowly but surely. The Alchemical inhabitants have chosen to stay behind." The major-domo flips to the next page. "Autochthon cannot initiate this action himself. It must be they who commit the final change. Their present forms will be destroyed in the process. It is you, Dave Bowman, who will shepherd the next phase of their progression, as they become incarnated into that which Autochthon divests himself of."

"Where will the people go?" asks Charity. "I have seen the size of a city here. There are millions. Has the gate reached a place where they can all stay? How much time do they have?"

"They will go to other worlds. Some to Creation. Some to pockets of existence in the Wyld. Some to alien places. The process will not commence until they are away."

"I do not know if it helps, but I know of a place where enterprising humans could live," says Charity. "They could receive help from the Solars and Lunars on Gaia and make a refuge away from the danger zone."

Cam says, "Wait," Cam blurts. "If he's going to do that, then that means that he's the originator of the designs that lead to me, to my whole line - the cybercells and the neurocytes. But if that's true and he just studied my core design..." He trails off. He can't look at the Major Domo. "They want to have free will, you know. Even just a little is enough for most people."

"Free will is always accompanied by consequences," reads the major-domo. "People are always able to make choices. If those choices lead to suffering and death, that is the nature of the cosmos. The exercise of Essence will always mingle with other Essence."

Dave thinks for a moment, then smiles at Jet. "I apologize, ma'am. It seems that I'm going to play a pivotal role in starting the war you are fighting now." He chuckles. "For what it's worth, though, I think the Veda has a point."

"Those humans who live here may follow you if you wish," the reader continues, studying the book intently. "They may live whatever lives are allotted them by circumstance."

"I don't blame you, Dave," replies Charity. "What I have learned here gives me the ability to fight my war. If I must destroy what we fight against it will not annihilate all Creation. It will be okay, I think. He is trying to make us grow, though in a way that few would understand. I believe it is fair to say that Lunars are quite capable of understanding this kind of love."

"Return with your knowledge and your dedication." The major-domo turns to the last page of the book. "Autochthon has every confidence in all of you. And to you, Dave Bowman, I say thank you as well. The man who showed the Great Maker the first true signs of self-perfection will be the ideal godfather for his creation."

"Before I return my dedication must be revealed here," replies Charity. "I cannot promise a paradise by any means, but I think with the wisdom of the Solars and hopefully a little help from the Alchemicals I can provide a place for a few million people, if they have an interest. It is not much, I suppose, but it is what I have to offer, and so I will offer it."

"Do as your heart commands."

"Thank you. I think that is advice that I can follow." Charity smiles warmly. "I am happy we met."

The major-domo closes the book. Once again he speaks, in his former mechanical voice. "That is all. The Veda is now scheduled to be disassembled for storage during the transition. Please follow me back to your transport."

Cam says, "Oh, wow. I think that means that they built all of this for us." He falls into step behind their spindly host. "You know, none of this could have happened if we hadn't found that egg. So I have to wonder how much of this whole thing, is some game of Livia's."

"Who knows?" asks Charity quietly. "I have a feeling asking her would be about as effective as herding kittens, though, or accusing a butterfly." She has her own thoughts to contend with. "I hope my offer is not a foolish one. I hate to see these people scattered to the winds. If only we had some more time and technology. Mars is a big rock, but it's useless right now."

Cam says, "Mars is more than a 'big rock', remember. Find a Chosen of Battles and you could ask her."

The travelers board their host/transport once again. As it speeds away from the complex of the First Veda, Charity sees the entire steel mountain begin to fold in on itself. Workmen can be seen disassembling the structure. Other rail-powered vehicles are inbound, presumably to haul away the remnants of the place. What a strange world this is.