Hermosillo is a typical factory city. Manufacturing plants are everywhere, particularly for the Ford Motor Company, and but for the warmer weather and Spanish street signs, looks much the same as Ford's former production capital in Flint, Michigan. The city's role as capital of the Mexican state of Sonora adds to its wealth and importance. Shiny new American cars are common - Cadillacs, Escorts, and Hummers among them.

On this warm autumn evening, one Hummer in particular threads its way through Sonora's suburbs. The running boards are coated in dry dust and mud, conveniently obscuring California license plates. Benford and Xin have borrowed the Wonderland vehicle for tonight's errand. The cargo area is full of borrowed diagnostic equipment - film and digital cameras, specimen jars, even a vintage ultrasound unit. Xin sometimes refers to a roadmap taped to the dash, where a red circle indicates an area on the edge of town. The suburbs end abruptly at the town's western extents, giving way to scrub plains and dirt roads. Xin turns onto one of these, and a mile later, they arrive at a little-used freight yard full of rusting steel shipping containers.

Benford surveys the industrial rubble. "If we get to do this the easy way, we can use these as shelter. If we have to do it the hard way, we'll want to trap him in one. We should figure out which one before we set out the bait."

The Wonderland vehicle, though it's not the ultra sleek Gemballa that Jack's been driving about in... is still treated with loving care, and neatly tucked between two shipping containers on the outer-edge of the yard, far from the area the fray is expected. _Just once in that car, though..._ "Well, I would think," says Xin, eyeing the shipyard full of tetanus and the possibility of excitement, "That we can trap him in whichever one we knock it out in?"

Benford shrugs. "I'm hoping this won't be a protracted battle. Ideally I want to lure him in and hit him with the stunner before he gets the chance to hurt us. Still..." Benford selects one particular container at the bottom of a stack, surrounded by several others. "I'm going to try to beef this one up. Try to get him in here if the opportunity presents itself."

Xin nods, "I'll see what I can do. If nothing else when we knock it out, we can dump it in it. I'm just preparing for the worst, mind you, but I also hope it's not too deadly a battle."

Benford says, "If we're very lucky, maybe he'll just agree to help us. Hard to tell with these guys. One day they want to kill you, the other they come around for afternoon tea. Here, help me with this."

Benford and Xin arrange the surrounding rubble to reinforce the central container. To the untrained eye, it still looks like a pile of garbage, but Benford's expertise in physics and materials subtly upgrades the mere crate to an effective barrier - or so they hope. A half-dozen video cameras, strategically clamped to the makeshift structure, complete the impromptu prison.

The sun has descended behind the Western hills. Benford feels a warmth on his forehead. _Twilight. A good omen. Time for the bait._

Xin watches Benford prepare. When he sees that it's about time, he slips between two of the containers, kicking off of one rusty wall to the next until he's perched atop one. He's got a good view of the freightyard from up here. As the sun creeps behind the hills, he eases back into a low crouch, ready to spring into action.

The 'bait' is a cheap laptop with a cellular card. Benford sets it up on the floor of a different container, one not so mired in debris. The program will simply contact a dialup ISP and surf CNN. However, the electronic ID on the cell card has been hacked to match Benford's mobile phone, and Benford bets that this will be a signal the Assembled can't resist.

Benford retreats to a shelterd alcove near the 'prison box', and settles in among the shadows to wait, uncertain if he wants this to work, or not.

Two hours and fifty-three minutes into the watch, Benford catches note of the Web site that his automated program has taken itself to. It's a blog post, and it reads simply: "Benford, the Satellite Pass will have just completed in your area. Expect it now, if you expect anything at all."

_Good Lord,_ Benford thinks. _Subtle, we're not._ He makes a note of the precise time on a memo pad; if anyone does show up, it will be useful to check which satellites are exactly overhead.

A minute passes. Benford becomes aware of something, and turns. From the direction of where the Hummer is parked, three humanoid figures are approaching. They have a chrome finish and smooth metallic skin. They move with relentless determination.

Benford chokes down a moment of fear; not so much at the three machine-creatures, at the sensation of panic at the prospect of explaining to the Man how he let the Assembled devour Meier's expensive truck.

The three entities are identical. As one they converge on Benford.

_Well... looks like things are going to get interesting._ Xin tenses up, one hand sliding down towards the Beretta 9mm he's got holstered at his side. As soon as it looks like Benford's not going to be able to reason with them, he'll spring into action.

Benford steps out into the clear; it's a bad time to have his back to the wall. It's nearly midnight, and the intruders glint eerily in the bright starlight. "We come in peace," he says; nevertheless, he has a Beretta in one hand, and the modified taser in the other.

The foremost of the trio lunges toward Benford with its arms out, attempting to grapple the scientist.

The mechanical man demonstrates a mathematical precision in his motions, deftly grappling the scientist and locking his arms in a hold.

Benford recalls all those weeks brawling with Jack on the roof of Hel's safehouse in Geneva, and does his best to foil the vice-like grip. Since his arms are held, he jumps and kicks at the metal man's knees, trying to drive him backwards.

Unfortunately Benford's sparring, while preparation for the real thing, isn't quite there yet - though a competent martial artist by mortal standards, he is not yet a match for the inhuman perfection of the machine.

While one of the humanoids has grabbed Benford, the other levels a solid punch. Benford feels the air blow explosively out of his lungs as the metal fist connects with his solar plexus.

Thunk, thunk, THUNK. Xin runs along the top of the container, then flips down by Benford. There's a blur of movement and clicks as twin Berettas are twirled around and shoved between Benford's pinned arms, barrels against the nice chrome finish of his grappler. The reports of two shots are muffled against the assembled body.

The grappler jerks about as the Beretta blasts a hole in its finish, but its grip does not slacken. From beside Xin, the third automaton throws another punch at Benford's face.

Benford feels like he's just been hit twice with a sledgehammer, which, practically speaking, he has. He recalls the first time he sparred with Jack, and the way he drew out Essence to instantly heal a back injury. He does the same again; his caste mark flares brightly and the damage is reversed... but only partially.

The gun on Benford's left sounds off three times in rapid succession, the one on the right whips out of the grapple, barrel glinting in the moonlight, as Xin brandishes it at the other two. "When he lets go, put me between them and you."

The entity wobbles unsteadily; nevertheless, it attempts to retain its grip.

Benford feels the shock of the bullets striking the thing that's holding him, but doesn't feel the thing lessen it's grip. He kicks again at the thing's knees, trying to loosen up.

Benford gets free, but it's a phyrric victory; all it does is put him directly in the path of another iron fist. He takes the blow to the temple and crumples to the ground in a heap, the world a painful blaze of fading color around him.

The Assembled grappling Benford falls as well, crucially wounded. Its partner, having prepared another assault on Benford, switches tactics instantly. It kneels down, grabbing at the Beretta the scientist lacked time to use himself.

As Benford crumples to the ground, Xin realizes just how outmatched he is, and how ruthless his opponents are. He rushes the kneeling Assembled, leaping over Benford's fallen form. He skids across the cement, fists lashing out as he tries to drive his foe away from the gun.

The two functional automata turn and regard Xin; the armed one is rising steadily to its feet despite the hard punches the martial artist directed at it, while the other throws a counter-punch.

Xin wheels around, palm open, as the metallic fist strikes. He moves his palm along with the fist, pushing it to one side. Before the Assembled can even rebalance after the punch, the Solar is in motion, vaulting over the mechanical being. He runs towards one of the heavy steel doors hanging open off of one of the containers, ducking behind it when he gets the chance.

Xin is just in time. Three bullets ricochet off the cover; the Assembled begin moving as well, hunting their quarry.

---

Benford lies alone, staring up at the moon above a Mexican storage yard. Selber is hunkered down, hands together, looking at him with a smile on his face.

Benford finds he can speak, and the pain is reduced to a dull throb. "How are we doing, old man?"

"We've been in worse, kid," Selber says. "You know, someone once stuck a sword through my guts. I survived that. You'll survive this, if you fight."

Benford says, "Fighting, I don't mind. Frustration, I do. Even the friendly ones barely listen to reason. It's like they want us to get mad at them."

"They are what they are," Selber remarks cryptically. "And you are what you are. Now what are you going to do?"

Benford says, "Take them apart with a screwdriver. They may have superhuman patience, but I don't, and of all the things that I'm hurting over, being their damn doormat is now number one."

Selber nods. "Then? Do it!"

Benford grunts. "Right."

The traveler frowns. "That sounds like a dismissive surrender to me. I said, _get up_."

Benford twitches, taps himself with his own taser for the barest fraction of a second. The jolt cuts through the pain; he rolls over, and staggers to his feet. He can no longer see Selber, but that's not his concern. His concern is letting the Assembled know where the line is drawn - and that they are on the wrong side of it.

---

Xin spends a moment or two catching his breath. He takes cover behind a stack of wooden crates left haphazardly in the maze of passages between containers. Shadows fall over him. Not too far from there, a nice line of bullet holes marks the last place he'd taken cover. Now he's waiting for one of them to show his face... or what passes for it, berettas loaded and ready.

The measured footsteps of one of the Assembled echoes down the space between containers. Xin pops out from behind the crates, firing off two shots as he catches the top of the container. He pulls himself up just as three metallic clangs indicate how narrowly he's been missed. The Assembled rushes forward, trying to get at the Solar. _Hopefully I can take him down before his buddy finds me too._

Suddenly, several of the stacked containers topple over on top of Xin's pursuers. With a prolonged screech of tortued metal, louder than a six-car pileup, several dozen tons of metal collapse on top of the two Assembled thugs. Dust rolls from under the twisted mass, choking the air and blotting out the starlight.

Silence is long on coming, as the echoes of the collapse ring back into the valley from the distant hills. Nearby, Benford stands, propped upright - barely - on a bent piece of rebar, breathing heavily. "Got you. You bastards."

A faint feeling makes itself known at the edge of Benford's tattered consciousness. Instinctively he reaches for it, recognizing it as a strange sort of power. His thoughts and emotions fold around it, grasping it firmly, and a strange sparkling light shines around his body. Selber appears in his peripheral vision, shouting words that Benford cannot hear at first. Then the wave passes, and his inner mentor can be heard at last. "Join with it!" he is shouting. "Join now!" And Benford feels another feeling, infinitely more visceral. It's a warm wet numbness; he has been shot in the chest by the remaining automaton.

Benford sinks to his knees, leaning heavily on the rebar; inside his head, he's playing another kind of balancing game, between Selber, his injuries, and the raw power of the thing he's captured; a thing he recognizes from Poe's description as an Assembled's Symbiont.

The warmth of the hot blood on his chest is replaced by the warmth of the Symbiont's power; the knots of pain in his stomach suddenly untwist, changing from a tangled mess to a smooth geometric loop. _Of course... energy is everything... even outside the laboratory..._ The random fluctuations of the Symbiont's aura, are now a smooth carrier wave to him... and he can hear its voice...

Benford says, "Am I dying, old man?"

The voice that Benford hears is a calm, rich, vibrantly feminine voice. "Good evening, sir. It will be an honor to work with you." Selber can be heard as well. "Use her power, or you _will_ die," he suggests.

Benford says, "We have an emergency! Do whatever you can! Fix the chest trauma!"

"With pleasure!" The woman's voice fades, and a glow begins to grow from Benford's Caste Mark. Before him, he can see a beautiful brunette, long flowing locks framing an aristocratic face and flashing emerald eyes. She could be a queen, or a CEO. She reaches out her hand, and Benford finds himself matching her motion. As their fingers touch, the scientist finds himself transformed.

Bloody clothes transfigure themselves from the feet up, and a magic circle of light springs into existence around Benford. He finds himself wearing a radiant, form-fitting black jumpsuit with orange highlights, trimmed with the finest in golden color. A crown seems to fit itself about his brow. He feels no pain, no sense of injury, no wound. His body is perfectly, miraculously, restored.

Reaching out by instinct, he calls, and a long shaft of golden light and metal materializes in answer. It has the shape of the Greek psi character, like an inverted crossbow whose prongs glow brightly. The scientist understands immediately what it is: a handheld railgun, firing via magnetic impulses rather than mechanical principles.

Benford wheels on the last attacker, raising the exotic weapon to his shoulder. "Tell your masters that we refuse to be your doormats!" The metallic enemy's head aligns neatly with the end of the weapon as he squeezes the firing lever.

Xin simply watches, dumbfounded, as Doctor Benford undergoes his miraculous transformation. He had been prepared to rush the last gunman... but now he realizes there is no need... and all he can do is watch.

The results are incredible; maybe even impossible. Pencil-thin red beams reach from the forward forks, converging on the head of the Assembled, marking the precise path of a slug of glowing tungsten, which tears through the air a split-second later. The impact makes a crater the size of a dinner plate; shattered bits of machinery rain from the 'wound'. The enemy's arms twitch as he staggers backwards, then collapses, bright blue arcs marking his impact with the ground.

Shadows dance across Xin's face, banished shortly thereafter by the golden hues that emanate from Benford. His breathing slows, mind and body relaxing now that the fight is to end. And all at once he takes it in. His eyes water as the light washes over them, he can feel it... powerful _chi_. And perhaps, even at the edge of vision, he can see it.

The edges of Xin's vision fade to white. The abandoned freightyard fades away. There's something else here. Something that calls to him. He reaches out to it...

A child's voice makes itself known to Xin. It's a prim, proper voice with a British accent - a high-class little girl. "Hallo," she says. "I'm very glad to meet you!"

Xin has seen and done several things he'd only dreamed of before... and taken most of it in stride. Yet few things give him pause like hearing this new voice... this unfamiliar one, in his mind, "Who are you?"

"I am your assistant," the voice replies. "Please rely on me for any information or help you require."

"Uh. Okay then," says Xin. He moves, or tries to anyway, towards the fallen Assembled. "Did you come from... from that?"

"Oh, I suppose," the voice replies, sounding a bit disdainful of the notion of coming out of a pile of scrap. "You see..."

---

The dust has settled. The wind has picked up a little. A patch of clouds covers the moon, though it is no less dark. The pile of scrap is quite thoroughly analyzed. Pictures have been taken, and any readings or tests that could have been done with the equipment at hand has happened. Right now, Xin and Benford sit atop the container that holds the remains, looking off into the distance. "You know, if we get out of this alive..." says Xin, gesturing to the partially disassembled Hummer, "Remind me to show you some moves." He looks up, "How long do you suppose Jet's gonna take getting out here? She ought to be done laughing by now."

Benford hugs his knees to his chest, gazing out over the Mexican countryside, feeling like the king of all he surveys. "Guess that depends on how long it takes her to beg, borrow, or steal a flatbad tow truck in a town full of car factories at two in the morning." He yawns, surprised at the way fatigue hits him. "I'm in no hurry, though. I'm just..." He pauses. "I'm just glad that I'm done running."