The Hummer is a lot of machine, but it can't compete with the Peterbilt Model 379 longnose. The Gemballa is a purring kitten by comparison. The vehicles travel south along the webwork of California highways, stopping periodically for breaks and refreshments. Jet has found a high-performance Ducati motorcycle in the 48-foot trailer. It's black and beautiful, like a hunting animal, though the Man has advised against trying it yet.

The trip is going to afford everyone plenty of time to ask questions and get to know each other; driver and passenger assignments are ad hoc, letting people choose their company freely. The trailer is outfitted as a repair bay, arsenal, and home away from home with kitchenette and bunks. It's air-conditioned and well-lit. When the Exalted are not traveling in other vehicles, they rest here, and the Sidereal takes the time to explain the situation.

"Ricky explained that Saint Death gave her blessing to the cartels. We also know that some of the other gangs - whatever's left of Los Pepes, some of the warlords from Honduras and elsewhere - are being supplied by some kind of mystery arms dealers. Barry came across that, and it sounds pretty likely that it's your friends the Assembled."

"If they're different groups - some her allies and some allied with the Assembled - then we might have friends. If not, my plan is to go have a word with the bitch."

"Regardless, we need to do detective work. The Assembled are going to be massing a force, most likely to hit Wonderland. We need to find them and shut them down. Beyond that I have no specific plan; we're well-prepared but I can't foresee the contingencies we'll encounter."

"Ricky will be taking over the investigation part. Anyone interested should assist him. Once we have a lead, I leave it to you ladies and gentlemen to prosecute our counterattack. Any questions?"

Benford says, "Is there any indication that we provoked this with the incident at Walla Walla? Or is this a separate faction?"

"Barry heard that someone was moving guns well before you even met up with his crew," the Man answers. "Unless these machines can also tell the future, I would say no."

"It wouldn't surprise me," comments Morgan dryly. "But no, I expect this is a different faction. That seems to be the way they work. Even the two we know about that were operating in Washington didn't coordinate with one another until they found themselves operating at cross purposes over the Andrew Morgan issue."

"Do we know what kinda arms are being supplied? Is it mostly small-arms stuff, or should we be worried about rocket launchers or something," asks Xin, who has just a hint of worry in his voice here.

"I would guess a mixture of smallarms, automatic weapons, light antitank and self-propelled armaments, and anything else that's fairly portable." The Man eyes Mirya, who smiles enigmatically back at him, but he says nothing further.

Xin ahs, "Well if it's only _light_ antitank..."

Benford emits a soft chuckle. "I hope that such optimism is sufficient armament for us."

Xin gestures towards the tractor trailer, "Personally, Doctor, I'm hoping that whatever is in there is sufficient armament for us."

Jet stays quiet. Her mind is wandering far from here, and she wonders how her family is doing, if they are all comfortable and safe, or if they are scared and on the run. Only passingly does she imagine how many people she's going to kill in the next week.

The Man laughs, and moves back toward some of the heavily stacked storage crates in the forward area of the trailer. "We have," he announces with a dramatic pause, "Springfield Armory XDs, with underbarrel entry light. Beretta A392 long-nose shotguns. Colt Anaconda double-action revolvers, with scope. Glock G37 slimlines. The very latest ISI mini-Uzis, the ones the Israeli air service carries. A variety pack from Steyr Mannlicher. A handful of OICW prototypes - last resort please."

"We got guns, basically," Ricky chimes in. "Plus a whole boxload of confiscated Mexican arms, that ah, fell off the truck when your Yankee DEA boys came to collect them."

"How about information?" asks Morgan. "I'm sure they've dodged most official channels of communication quite effectively, but do we have any intelligence at all? Reports, crime figures... anything."

Ricky speaks up here. "We know the cartels and gangs operating in Mexico and further south. All we gotta do is find out which of 'em are puttin' guys on this, yanno?" He shrugs, as though this were a simple thing. "I got contacts. Really, what you gringos gotta do is put yourselves together some fake ID and get some real greenbacks. Make friends in the government." He pauses, then continues without his everpresent smile. "It shouldn't be like this. Don't get the wrong ideas about us, okay?"

Xin nods, "I understand. We'll do what we can."

Morgan cracks his knuckles. "One problem at a time," he says. "I'd love to see an end to corruption everywhere, but as they say, you don't have much time to drain the swamp when you're up to your ass in alligators."

Ricky laughs out loud, and Mirya smiles. She speaks for a minute or two in Russian, and the Man takes it upon himself to translate. "'I will overfly the cartel compounds and look for their weapons. I wish for my sister to join with me in doing so.'"

"I will look down on them," answers Jet. She narrows her eyes, "And then.. we hunt." But still, her mind is on scents, on sights, straining her abilities beyond what they currently are. The exercises she can do in the vehicle are making her more aware than ever of her own limitations. Still, the limitations are only temporary problems, and she's already taken the first step in stretching against them.

The Man resumes. "As for you, Dr. Benford.. if you have no better ideas, I have a reqest. We need to capture and study one of these mechanical men. Xin, you should be able to handle the more physical aspects of this. We need to know how they work, how they travel from place to place, and how to shut one down. Can you do it?"

Benford stokes his chin. "Drawing their attention is easier than controlling them. But if we prepare... yes."

It's Xin's turn to crack knuckles this time. He nods, "I will do my part. Gladly. Just let's make sure we can contain the one we capture."

"Then let's make this happen."

A few hours later, Benford outlines his plan for capturing one of the Assembled. "Well, we have a fair idea that these fellows have been detecting us by the trace we leave in modern communication systems. Our Sidereal allies tap into the network, but based on what we know of the Lands of Light, the Assembled are very nearly a part of the network."

Benford drops a handwritten notebook on the coffee table. "So our plan is based on manipulating signals to our favor. This notebook contains a prototype of a Charm that masks the user from detection in the network. Xin and I will head out to an isolate area. Xin will cover his traces; I will not. The Assembled will think that I'm alone. That's the bait."

"You guys better be prepared for one heck of a struggle," says Jet. "What's your contingency plan if this all fails?"

Benford flips to the last page of the notebook, showing a high-detail pen sketch of a prod-like device. "If anyone shows up, we hit him with this. The circuit transmits a high-power signal... the same signal broadcast over the P/A at Walla Walla. It disrupted Eddie; it might disrupt and disorient the Assembled." The scientist shrugs. "And if that doesn't work, we run like hell.'"

Xin nods, "I like that plan B isn't twice as much voltage as plan A. What if we catch him though? Then what?"

Benford says, "We take our mechanical friend to a steel container partially buried in the desert and give him as close an inspection as decency allows - echograms, x-rays... blood samples, if applicable... whatever we can get in the time we have."

Benford waits a moment, and then adds, "I'm guessing on a lot of this. I have no idea if the prod will work. So I'd appreciate any suggestions anyone may have."

"I'll just be close in case this fails and we have to rely on more kinetic approaches to the problem," says Jet. "As for the rest.. I have no idea."

Xin volunteers, "I can beat him up too. I mean if the prod doesn't work. I am anxious to see how I fare against one of these anyway."

Benford says, "Even if the prod fails, try to get him into the enclosure. It will still be useful information. Even video at close quarters will be more than we have now."

---

The idea of spying on the enemy is nothing new to Jet. She's felt-out situations like this many times. She's already quite used to flying, as well. Hunting is a new excitement to her, however. After taking the time to bring down a golden eagle, Jet has the perfect set of feathers to wear for her time aloft. The responsibilities of scouting are shared, which really just means that both Lunars are out and about through nearly every hour of the day.

As a matter of course, Jet must eat on her long flights, and she selects targets as they present themselves. On the first day, she shreds through a surprised sidewinder, on the second, a vulture gets the surprise of its life. Farther and farther the flights go, until Jet and Mirya go out of easy range of the basecamp, and live away from the others for a night. During these times away, Jet finds out what she can of this new sister, and learns what she can of the Russian language as well.

What the pair of Lunars report when they return is not promising. Their days are spent catching what they can of light conversation. Deeper probing is not attempted. For Jet, it's a matter of catching the mood of the gangs. They are tense, excited, waiting for something to happen, and preparing for war. They are fortifying their bases of operations. It's clear something huge is about to go down.

---

Carlos Alvarez leans back in his chair, clipping his nails. The blue policeman's cap is flung on the desk - it never fit him properly, and he never wears it except when he needs to go out and at least pretend to do his job, rather than letting the local cartels impose their own self-serving brand of order on the sleepy village. The ancient fluorescent light crackles and hisses, lending everything in the room a sickly green flickering pallor as one of the tubes sputters fitfully between light and dark. Carlos doesn't notice - he never has. The damn thing has done that ever since he'd moved into the sheriff's office.

Which is why he looks up sharply when the room is suddenly suffused with warm yellow light, as if someone had opened a window and let the sunlight in. He glares suspiciously at the light, both tubes suddenly stabilized and glowing brightly - and then the front door slams open, and two men storm in, both wearing rumpled and worn grey suits, both quite obviously _gringos_. A voice - the voice of one of Carlos' men - can be heard calling out "Hey! You can't go in there-" before being cut off as the second man closes the door behind him.

Carlos is already rising to his feet, his hand going to his holster, but before he can even frame the protest, the leading man - a black shirt under his suit, with a yellow tie - is yelling at him, in fluent Spanish with a flawless Mexican accent, "What the hell are you playing at, Carlos? You know the deal!" He slams both hands down on the desk. "You pass us a cut of the action going through here, and we make sure the state goons know when to blink!" Behind him, the other man quietly stands beside the door, his hands in his suit pockets. This man's purpose is clearly not to talk.

Carlos is taken aback, but rallies quickly. He snarls angrily, "Who the fuck are-" but Morgan is too fast for him. "A full tractor trailer of guns, Carlos," he snarls. "From pistols to full auto, with all the trappings. You _know_ how expensive it is for a state trooper to not notice something that size coming through a hick town like this." Carlos bristles at this, only for the man by the door to fix him with a menacing stare.

"How fucking stupid do you think I am?" says Carlos. "I paid you assholes in adva-" "BULLSHIT!" yells Morgan. "We ain't never seen a peso of it! Now, are you gonna pay up, or does my friend here have to do the asking?" With this, the man in back shifts his stance slightly, letting a silenced machine pistol show beside his hip.

Carlos, however, is not so easily intimidated. Besides, the delicate etiquette of bribery strictly forbids double-dipping like this. "Fuck you! I've always paid up on time, you know that!" By local standards, Carlos is a scrupulously honest cop; when bought, he stays bought, and he always pays his debts as local standards expect them. "You're missing the money, you take it up with Manuel! I never trusted that slimy-"

Morgan glares at Carlos. "You expect me to believe that?" For several seconds, the two men lock gazes. Morgan is the first to back down - there is no lie in Carlos' eyes "Fine. Fine. You always have paid up on time, I'll admit that. We'll... ask Manuel. But if we don't find the money on him... we'll be back. And we won't ask so nicely next time." He turns abruptly, and walks out the door as Jack opens it for him.

As Morgan storms out, Carlos glares after him - and then looks up again as the fluorescent light dims again, returning to the bluish-green it had always cast over his office. The failing tube flashes brightly for a moment, and then goes black for the last time.