Though the night is a quiet one, at least one person does not sleep well. Jet tosses and writhes in bed, likely nearly waking Mary before the Lunar sits bolt upright, shuddering and burying her face in her hands. Her breaths come fast and shallow, each punctuated with a gasp and a shiver as the woman slowly is drawn out of an all-too-familiar nightmare and into the waking world.

Morgan, meanwhile, sleeps like a log - his adrenaline rush from the assault on his home has long worn off, and although the journalist is used to working long hours, there's a limit. Jet's tossing and turning doesn't even register, and her abrupt awakening causes no more than a flicker in Morgan's dreams.

Mary, on the other hand, has learned her lesson. A thin voice comes from the dark lump where she lays: "Can't sleep?"

The Lunar rises quickly, her usual grace quite interrupted. It was not a typical nightmare. They never are. She sighs deeply at the voice and turns back to look at the bed, "I'd rather not try," she answers truthfully. "I do better without it anyway." She starts to pick up her clothes from the floor, the picture of someone getting herself dressed for a hasty departure.

"Where are we going?" asks Mary, sleep still evident in her own voice.

"Out," replies Jet. "I need to get out for a while. I'll probably be back," she explains. Jet doesn't like to make commitments, it seems. "I need to clear my head." She sounds perfectly awake. If she was sleeping much at all, it wasn't deeply enough to haze her mind. From the look of her eyes, it wasn't enough to help her body, either.

"Come on. Even if you don't talk to me, I'm sticking with you." Mary rouses herself fully, slipping on shoes and stretching with a long yawn.

"You have two lambs now," replies Jet. "You should look after the one that lets you sleep, I think." She smirks tiredly and stumbles towards the bathroom. There's a thump as she stubs her toe, followed by a soft curse and running water. As cold as Jet can get it.

Mary mumbles something out of Jet's hearing. The next thing she hears is Morgan being kicked, or thumped, repeatedly.

"Ow!" Morgan complains, rolling over and tucking his pillow over his head. "Where's the fire?" he mumbles.

"You people are my best chance!" Mary explains, sounding painfully focused. "I _can't_ screw this up. If I lose either one of you, then... then... ... So I have to look after you."

Morgan wobbles up, still dressed in the clothes he'd taken with him from his beleaguered house. "Lose? What makes you think you're gonna lose us?" he asks, so far not up to speed.

Jet is splashing that icy water on her face at first. Then there's a shift. The sink is filling a bit. Then the sound of something going _under_ the water. When she comes out, her face is still a bit wet, and her hair as well. "I don't want to screw anything up, but I have to just.. get out for a bit. Sleep. I'll not be dying before I get back." Her voice doesn't sound quite right, of course. There's a curious little tinge to it, it makes Jet sound anxious.

Mary turns to Morgan, and gestures impatiently toward the bathroom. The look on her face is clear - _Say something!_

Morgan ohs softly - _now_ he knows what's going on. More or less. "N-no, that's all right," he calls. "Honestly, I think I'll feel a lot safer with _both_ of you dangerous ladies around," he adds, deadpan.

Jet turns her eyes on Morgan, looking at him closely. She lets out a sigh and rolls her dark eyes. "Well, let's get going, then. I don't suppose either of you knows of a decent club around here? Or really anything that would be open." She looks at the cheap hotel clock and sighs. 4:15AM. "Figures," mutters the Lunar.

Morgan glances at the clock and shakes his head. "Nah, they roll up the sidewalks at seven unless you're right downtown, and then it's at midnight. It's a great town, but it's not exactly New York or anything."

"Hell," mutters Jet. "Well, anywhere away from here will have to do," she decides. She makes for the door, somehow able to make herself actually look pretty good in those few seconds in the bathroom. If anything, looking exhausted seems to work for her. "Anyway, if you two are coming? I'm not going to be curling up in bed again tonight."

Mary nods, and half-drags Morgan with her.

Morgan isn't hard to drag. The journalistic beat means a lot of late nights and early awakenings, and although he'll grumble about missing sleep, he doesn't let it affect him in small doses.

Jet seems to visibly relax as soon as she's out the door. She strides out to stare up at the moon, the cool air not troubling her in the least as the light of a waning crescent casting a silvery glow upon her that glints off her hair, making the locks look like molten metal. "It's so much better out here," she says softly. She strides towards her bike, looking at it thoughtfully. "Maybe a walk, instead. Didn't we pass a crappy diner not far from here?" she asks.

"Well, there's a Denny's by the Interstate," remarks Morgan.

"A Denny's," murmurs Jet. "Yeah, that sounds crappy enough. Maybe I'll order 'Moon Over My Hammy' or something cheesy like that." She laughs half-heartedly and suggests, "Maybe we should just take the truck. If I get on my bike tonight, who knows where I'll lead us."

Morgan shrugs. "Well, you did say crappy diner."

"And maybe I'll order my eggs sunny side up," he adds with a grin.

"I don't _care_ if it's crappy. Let's just go," mutters Mary.

"Your ride, sister," says Jet. She'll will take the middle seat. Assuming there is a middle seat in that truck. She's not in a biking mood. "Just a little bit of good, American grease and I'll be good as new," suggests Jet. Anything to clear her mind.

Morgan, therefore, gets the passenger seat as the truck makes its way through the pre-dawn streets of Lynnwood. The Denny's is actually a block and a half away from the freeway, though close enough to hear the faint roar of traffic. The waitress looks uninterested as she ushers the three to the table - you see all sorts on the swing shift at Denny's.

Jet jokes teasingly with the waitress, settling rather comfortably across from Morgan with a smile on her face. "Sorry to wake you guys so early. You know you really didn't have to come with," says Jet. "I just didn't want to hang around when I can't sleep and there's nothing to do." She looks about the restaurant slowly as she speaks, catching faces and postures and the hundreds of tiny little things that help her figure out what a person is truly like.

Mary is content to take coffee. She pops a few pills - NoDoz or some equivalent, perhaps - and pours rather more sugar in than is advisable. She speaks little, seemingly more intent on staying awake.

Morgan shrugs. "No big deal. I'm kind of in a hurry to get where we're going, myself," he says. "I've... well, I won't say I have a lot of questions, because I don't even know what the questions _are_, yet." He orders his coffee black as midnight - and rather than sunny side up, he orders his eggs scrambled.

Jet orders the promised 'Moons Over My Hammy', adding a rather suggestive comment to the waitress that has the girl laughing and blushing. As she bustles away, Jet looks back to Morgan, "I don't know if I have many questions at the moment. Somehow they don't seem to matter that much this second, either. Being what we are can be pretty strange that way, I've found, not that I was every precisely predictable or constant."

Morgan nods. "What _He_ told me gave me the impression that the important thing is to be myself. Only more so, perhaps." He sips his coffee. "Of course, a lot of who I was before involved some assumptions that turn out to be... well, not quite true."

Jet smiles, "Everything changes," she answers softly. She turns her attention briefly on a girl sitting at a booth in the corner, a frown curving the Lunar's lips. The displeasure just makes Jet look petulant, though. It might be hard to see her as cute after watching her tear people apart, however. "So, did you get your story all wrapped-up, then?" she asks abruptly. "Last I knew you were still typing and I finally nodded-off."

Morgan nods. "Oh, yeah. It was easy, once I had the right inspiration." He finishes his first cup of coffee. "But yeah. The final story had a lot about believing things for the right reasons, rather than the wrong reasons. Which is really what it was all about, anyway."

"I suppose reasons do matter, in the end," murmurs Jet. She shakes her head just a little, trying to clear her mind a bit, perhaps. "So what do you believe in now?" she asks casually. "I'm rather curious. Since she's not putting tattoos on you, it must be different for us. I just wonder what exactly it means."

Morgan shakes his head. "Not really sure, yet," he admits. "What I'm clinging to is what I believe about people, and what they do. I believe that people who use their power and influence to mislead, for no better purpose than to increase their power, need to be stopped... things like that."

"Interesting," murmurs Jet quietly. "But how do you know if you are leading or misleading?" she asks seriously. She looks back to that lonely girl and says, "Take her, for instance." Those dark eyes flick back to Morgan, "I could with just words take her away from this place. Look at her closely, though. Tell me what you see. Or perhaps I should tell you and lay out two paths, and you will choose."

Morgan looks over at the girl across the restaurant, and his brow furrows. "I... oh wow," he says. "And I thought I had problems..." He shakes his head. "I don't think _she'd_ give a damn about my little article, I know that much."

"Now, you get to choose," says Jet. "On one hand, I can trust to fate," and the Lunar smirks at this. She clearly thinks little of that choice. "Or I can see about helping her more directly than that. Now, you don't know a lot about what I am or what my life is like." She looks to Mary for just a moment, then back to Morgan, "I've got it in my head that someone like me ought to be doing something for those who need me. I can do things now that were simply impossible before. I'm confident to the point of idiocy, for one thing. I have a feeling that in about.. fifteen minutes, tops, I could get leave with her and make sure she winds up okay." The Lunar pauses, "There is a price, however."

"The price is that I will want to make her.." The Lunar looks thoughtful, "Family, I suppose, but not quite. It's something in me that demands that someone I save from a meaningless life becomes a part of mine permanently," explains Jet. "Her story might not be that bad, but there's only one way to find out." She blinks slowly, looking back to Poe. "So, what do you suggest? Those whose lives I touch that directly will never be the same."

"... When you say 'trust to fate', you mean, 'trust other people'," Mary mumbles over her coffee. "Fate _is_ people. There's nothing else.."

"Whatever words you wish," replies Jet. "But choose. I know what my choice is, of course. I'm curious, though, what others might think."

Morgan nods slowly, agreeing with Mary. "So what you're saying is, if we see someone in distress, should _we_ help them, or should we trust - or hope, rather - that someone else will take care of them?" He drinks deeply from his second cup of coffee, as if to avoid answering the question - but his eyes still watch the distraught woman. "I've spent most of my life doing the second," he says, sighing. "Because I didn't think there was anything I could do to help. But you seem _sure_. Maybe not sure of what will happen, as with Mary, but sure of your ability." He smiles. "Do what you can. I just hope it will be for the better."

"You see what I lack most is.. guidance. Direction." Jet waits for the waitress to drop off her water. She considers for a moment, a hundred scenarios going through her head like electricity, each providing a different little thrill. "I'd say time me, but.. I don't treat someone that way when I want them as family. If you get bored of waiting for me, go back and I'll figure out a way to the hotel." She is very confident, it seems, since she rises with her water and walks from the table, heading right to the booth. There's a subtle change in her walk, her carriage altered, the little sway of her hips replaced with a very purposeful stride. She looks ready to walk right past the girl to the next booth but stops suddenly, turning as if she had only just seen the girl and says something soft to her, reaching out to pat the girl's shoulder gently. A few seconds later, some more soft, and most importantly, sincere words later and she is sitting at the girl's side in the booth.

Jet has no really trouble getting to know people, it seems. "I'm glad you don't mind a little company," says Jet. "You had the look of someone who needs to bend an ear." Funny how simple words and the tone of Jet's voice can soften her look. She's very relaxed. She likes this. The girl's voice wavers a bit, "I don't konw," she says shyly, her blue eyes flinching away from Jet's. The Lunar shakes her head and sighs gently. The smile doesn't go away, though. "My name's Charity Williams, by the way. Not that anyone calls me that. Most people just call me Jet."

"Charity?" murmurs the girl softly, a little smile tugging at her lips. Jet sighs and puts a finger to her lip, "Shhh, not so loud. Now it's your turn, you know. Just don't let _them_ hear you." Of course Jet's being a bit silly, but it gets the girl to relax. "What do you mean, them?" she asks quietly. "Oh you know. FBI, CIA, spacemen. Whatever. Someone's always listening, you know. Honestly, though, dear, when someone asks you for your name.." The Lunar tilts her head, "Wait.. hm. There it is, just a moment." She reaches out just behind the girl's head, fingers brushing throug her hair. With just a little slight of hand, Jet draws back holding a little plastic card. The girl's ID. "Rebecca Marielle Anderson," she says, reading it. The little magic trick has its desired effect, and the girl jumps, sorrow and wariness replaced with shock.

Charity laughs warmly and offers the girl's ID back. She won't explain stealing the girl's moneyclip and replacing it. That'd ruin the magic. "How did you do that?" asks Rebecca. Jet shrugs and smiles, "Little trick I learned from some friends in Texas." She puts the accent on a lot thicker, sounding very little like herself. "Anyway, Rebecca.. Becky? Becca?" Getting a nod at the last, Charity goes on, "So Becca, tell me all about the guy who has you staring at a perfectly fine plateful of grease and fat rather than pigging out and enjoying all the wonders that gluttony has to offer?"

"It's just stupid stuff," says Becca. "The usual." She tries to put on a brave face, but the way Jet looks at her seems to break that down bit by bit. The Full Moon reaches out to settle her hand over Becca's. "It's okay," Charity says softly. "Say whatever you want to say, I'm going nowhere." All the while Jet meets the girl's eyes, hanging on Becca's every word. "I just caught him cheating," says Becca quietly. She takes her time in going on, adding very quietly, "With my sister."

"The rotten bastard," adds Becca quietly. "She's barely even nineteen, I just don't get it. And we were always so close, too." She scrubs a hand on her face, trying to hide her tears. Jet seems ready for those, as well, though, scooting just a little closer and leaning in so she can wipe at Becca's cheeks softly. The Lunar then offers the handkerchief to Becca, knowing the girl's going to be needing to use it a while yet. "When I caught them he told me to get lost, that he was done with me. Sick of me not putting-out. My sister just ignored me," whispers Becca. Jet sighs gently, thinking that a pat on the hand is not going to cover this. She draws her hand back, slipping an arm around Becca.

Through something unspoken, but very strong, it just.. works. The magnetism of a Lunar, the beauty of Charity, the simple way she speaks and the affection she demonstrates with every glance all are part of it. Becca puts the Lunar shoulder to good use, crying there quietly. Jet's words are soft, and her offer is a serious one, "It sounds like you need a change of scenery, Becca. Do you have anywhere to go?" The girl raises her head slowly, looking more worried now than ever. "You have a place to go," Jet says quickly, waiting for that uncertainty to spread just enough to get Becca to really listen and consider it. "I'm only in this neck of the woods for a while. Where I go next is up to the wind, but I don't think I want to go alone."

The words seem to be well-timed, and Becca frowns in thought, looking down at the handkerchief in her hands, seeing her eyeshadow on it. "I must look awful," she murmurs softly. She has to ask, though, "Why are you doing this?" She looks at Jet closely, "And what would I do if I went with you? Where would we even go?"

The questions are met with a calm that makes it clear Jet isn't even concerned about them. "You can do whatever you want. I'll put a roof over your head, give you a room to sleep in, and keep you fed and happy. As for why.. well, it's a bit of a selfish reason, I'll admit." Charity leans in, so that her cheek is brushing against Becca's, and the warmth of her breath as she whispers moves over the girl's ear. "Helping people makes me feel good and I have no family left." She draws back and says more clearly, "Besides, I can help you, and you look like you could use some help. From where I stand, there doesn't seem to be down side of this. The only people who are losing made the choice to lose already. I'm giving you a choice, now. To trust to whatever happens, or to come with me. I can't promise you everything, but you will not be alone anymore."

"Think it over," says Jet, reaching out to lay a finger over Becca's lips before the girl can answer. She reaches into a pocket and settles a twenty on the table. "Order something warm, eat, and consider it carefully. I'm kind of hard to reach, so I'm afraid you only have the time between now and when I leave to decide. That's what it's like, though. Sometimes your gut instinct is going to have to pull you out of things. The important choices we make in life are rarely easy, though, are they?" Very gently she adds, "Sometimes the hardest choice is to live, even when everything around us is trying to make us think we ought to just turn-in."

Jet rises from the boot, leaning in to kiss a surprised Becca on the forehead. "I'm sorry, this has to be very hard for you, dear," she says softly. With a last squeeze of the girl's shoulder, Jet heads back to her table. "I think one of us is going to have to ride in the back of the truck," she says as she settles back at the table.

What Jet finds at the table is a fourth occupant, although she seems to be as ignorant of his arrival as the others. As she stares, the others turn and seem to see him for the first time. The man himself is ordinary enough: fair-haired, bespectacled, dressed in khakis and a red shirt. He extends a hand across the table, first to Andrew, then to Jet.

"My name's Barry," he says with a smile. "I'm Mary's partner. Pleased to meet you."

Morgan blinks, rubs his eyes, and looks into his coffee cup. He'd been so fascinated with Jet's performance that he didn't notice Barry's arrival - no, that's not it, is it? "Good morning, Barry," he says, with a definite note of uncertainty.

Jet looks at the offered hand suspiciously and looks decidedly uneasy. "Barry, huh?" she asks curiously. She will accept it, she just isn't going to show herself as being precisely eager. "I am hoping this doesn't mean we're going to have to run around into another little ruckuss. The deal's not going to change, is it?"

The man has a solid grip and a friendly attitude. "Mr. Morgan, Ms. Jet, it's a pleasure. I came as quickly as I could." He looks from face to face expectantly, prepared to continue speaking if he has an audience.

"The 'deal' is not changing, insofar as we have a deal.." Barry glances at his partner, who flushes and stares at her coffee cup. He continues pleasantly enough. "We offer services. Ms. Jet, you demonstrated one of the hallmarks of our organization - discreet, compassionate intervention. We're on the same page, frankly, and we want to help you come into your own. Mr. Morgan, I've been briefed about the incident at your house. We can assist you with the incident there, smooth things out for you."

Morgan nods. "Mary mentioned the notion of a briefing... apparently you people had a cover planned for that?" He taps his chin. "And speaking of the incident, I _do_ wonder who had it in for me. I doubt I was just being Mireckied - " he says, speaking of an incident involving a pugnacious Kansas professor a couple years ago, "it must've had something to do with this." And he taps his forehead.

"We'll discuss that in more secure surroundings." Barry shows an understanding smile - not the smarmy smirk of a pressure-salesman, but a man whose own experiences were perhaps harrowing.

That seems to put Jet a bit more at ease. A bit. "So how exactly are you going to help us? Other than clean that mess up, I mean." Jet immediately thinks of a few little incidents in Houston that would really be nice to wipe off the slate, too. She looks over to Becca, then to Barry, "And I'm hoping you don't plan on meddling with her." She doesn't change her expression, but there's something of a readiness in the Full Moon, the slouching ease of a tiger ready to strike.

Barry withdraws a small notepad and pen from his pocket, laying them out on the table. He flips the pad open and begins blocking out notes in a fine, handsome print-style. He adds a signature at the bottom, then pushes the notepad across the table before verbally summarizing. "Contact with other Exalts - your seniors, your peers, and as soon as possible, your juniors. Training and funds. Requests - there is work you can do for us which we are unsuited for. Specifics. We'll remove Mr. Morgan from the forensic scene of his house to keep him from being questioned. We'll provide a suitable cover for where he was. For yourself, Ms. Jet, either permanent housing or hotel vouchers for yourself. Guests also seem indicated if you continue your Samaritan's activities."

Jet hmmss, "Are you implying that'd you be paying for a house somewhere for me?" That sounds pretty damn good. "What kind of work, though? Will it be like my last project?" She frowns at that, not exactly relishing the thought of running about busting skulls for a living. "But yes, guests are probably pretty likely," she agrees. "I'd explain that, but that'd be claiming I really understand myself a little bit better than I can claim to."

Barry spreads his hands open and shrugs a bit. "You are who you are, yes? Your nature hasn't changed since the Lady came. In your heart, well, you will fight hard to defend what should be defended. Does it matter whether we saw it before you did, and pointed it out?"

Morgan peruses the paper. Old mental habits put Barry (and Mary, and maybe even Jet) into the category of 'highly placed anonymous sources' for a moment, but a moment's reflection reminds him that these are his colleagues now - on a level that even his fellows at the Times never were. "This is... everything I could expect, for now," he says, aloud. The more private meetings, he hopes, will go into more detail - if nothing else, about what these mysterious people do _not_ know. And what, therefore, he may be able to help find out.

Jet nods to Barry slowly. She has to spare a glance for Mary, then. "You are pretty quiet," she murmurs. She turns back to the one who's doing all the talking, though. "I'm kinda curious about this place to stay business, I must admit. Just so long as things aren't too crazy. Sounds like a rather good deal. I got used to running all sorts of little odd jobs in Texas, so I doubt it'll be anything new." They seem to know how to buy her off, anyway.

"Your new acquaintance is about ready to make up her mind," says Barry conversationally, nodding toward Becca. "Ms. Jet, I'm sure Mary will take care of any immediate needs you have. We can discuss my offer in more detail when we meet again, but I don't want to intrude on more important matters." He smiles, rising from the table, and salutes before turning to walk away.

Jet frowns thoughtfully, wondering exactly what is going on. Now is not the time, though. "Thank you, Barry. I'm sure everything will work out just fine. Mary's guided me well so far. I'm in exactly the right place." She looks over to Becca, smiling at the girl. "And just in the nick of time, I think," she says very quietly.

Mary, meanwhile, has said nothing. She's stared directly down at her coffee mug, and Jet spots a slight ripple as something drops into the coffee. The only thing above it is the woman's face, though. A tear?

Morgan blinks. "Are you all right, Mary?" he asks, very quietly. Jet seems to have been the one watching out for people tonight, but he also cares - even if he doesn't always know what to do.

"He wouldn't have come.. if he thought I could do this.." is all she mumbles, before a sniffle stops her from speaking entirely. Silence returns.

Jet is about to speak, but she notices that Becca has gotten up, and more importantly, is heading right over. Apparently she's eaten at least a little bit of food. Her eyes are very curious, looking over Mary and Morgan closely before turning to Jet. "I've thought really hard about it," she says quietly. "And I want to go with you, Cha.. I mean Jet." Jet rises and draws out a chair for the girl, "Have a seat, dear. The lovely lady there is Mary, and the nice man is Andrew." She eases herself down to hug the girl affectionately from behind, adding very warmly, "And this is Becca. She's part of my family now."

Morgan smiles at Becca. "Pleased to meet you, Becca," he says. "Funny what can come of a chance meeting, isn't it?"