The hospital at Princeton University is not the first place that comes to mind as a refuge from supernatural assassins. Nevertheless, the nascent circle of has come here seeking care for the trucker that unfortunately got caught in the crossfire.

An MRI shows bleeding and swelling in the temporal lobe; put simply, the poor fellow got a bad bump that seems precisely calculated to cause unconsciousness. Fortunately, the treatment is straightforward and his prognosis is good.

Two hours later, he regains consciousness to find himself in a hospital bed, with an IV in his arm and a strange look on his face. In the room are two men he's never seen before, one wearing a white lab coat, and the other in a tweed blazer: obviously, a doctor, and not a doctor.

"Welcome back," Benford begins. "You've had quite a bump. Do you know where you are?" The trucker shakes his head as Benford gets up and crosses to the bed. "How about your name?"

The trucker thinks. "Earl," he says. "Earl Bellamie."

"Good. What's today's date, Earl?"

"Thursday... I think. Thursday the 27th." Earl's face twists. "What happened to me?"

"We were hoping you could tell us that, Mister Bellamie," Morgan answers. "What's the last thing you remember?"

"I stopped to fill up on Staten Island. I opened the back door and this... guy... jumped out. He pushed me into the head and hit me on the john... pushed me into the JOHN and hit me on the HEAD." Earl winces. He tries to lift a hand to his head, but Benford stops him.

Morgan nods. "Where were you going, Earl? Did you drive through La Guardia or Midtown?"

"No," he says. "I was headin' for the Holland Tunnel, because the bridges were all screwed up. Someone shooting up midtown, they said that on the radio. I was haulin' appliances to some warehouse."

"So how did this guy get in? Did he force the lock?" Poe scribbles in a notebook.

"No," Earl says again. "The lock was good, and all the chains were good. The door hadn't been opened. I was just checkin' on a rattle."

"Do you remember what he looked like?", Morgan asks. Earl's face goes blank, like a poker mask. "Did he look deformed, or weird, or anything like that?" Morgan presses.

Earl thinks for a moment. "You're going to think I'm nuts, but he looked like he was made out of a washing machine. Flat face, all shiny white plastic. And not like he was wearing a mask. He wasn't wearing any clothes and his body looked like that, too."

"I think that's enough," Benford mutters, placing a hand on Poe's shoulder. "Mister Bellamie has to rest." Poe nods, and heads for the door, calling back, "We'll be in touch."

Benford adjusts Earl's IV, allowing more anaesthetic to mix with the saline. "Rest now, Mister Bellamie. You've had a rough day." Within seconds the trucker is asleep.

Benford meets Poe in the hall, where another man is waiting, curious and sullen. Benford slips out of the lab coat. "Thank you," Newton begins, handing the coat over. "We got what we needed."

The doctor nods, comfortably shrugging his way back into the garment. "You owe me for this, Newt. I'll cover your ass, but someday you're going to tell me what the hell is happening. Starting with what happened to your wheelchair."

Benford sighs. "When I find out, Roger, I promise that I'll tell you." Despite Roger's diffidence, they shake hands before leaving.

---

Morgan and Benford meet up with Jet outside, to discover that Jack and Luther are nowhere to be seen. Jet remembers Luther saying something earlier about "checking what destiny has in store", but she has no solid recollections about just where the pair might have gone or done after that. But it's generally agreed that they are probably safe.

While the trio mull their next move, Poe finds himself reaching into a jacket pocket and retrieving a crumpled note. It reads: CALL ME. WE HAVE SOMETHING TO DISCUSS.

Morgan raises an eyebrow and stuffs the note into his pocket. "Excuse me, folks... I need to talk to a source," he says. Perhaps it's his mild annoyance with the Sidereal habit of acting mysteriously for no apparent reason, but he feels some desire be mysterious himself. With that, he adjourns to a pay phone, drops a quarter and dime in the slot, and allows his finger to dial whatever numbers seem 'right'.

"I'm very surprised, Andrew," says Morgan's anonymous source. "For the life of me, I didn't expect company. But you've somehow obtained some, and he's anxious to speak. I'd like to put him on."

Morgan slumps against the back of the phone booth in surprise. He doesn't know much about where his 'source' resides, which means that its having 'company' is all the more inexplicable. "Put him on," he says, weakly.

"Sir!" The new voice is spritely and cheerful, buoyant and energetic. It could be that of a young man just out of his teens. "A pleasure to be working with you."

Morgan is quiet for a moment. Then: "...Good to meet you. What are you, and how did you come to be... working with me?"

"I'm your symbiote, of course," the chipper voice replies. "Your conscience and power source. Once you harmonize with me, I'll be able to augment your Essence flow. I'm also able to supply you with a working knowledge of contemporary Earth."

"I... see," says Morgan. "But why would I need-" he says, and then cuts himself off before finishing his sentence. "So... do you have any previous employers?" he asks. "And how recently?"

"Employers? I ... Well, my previous host was dismantled, I think, so now I'm being reassigned. Time doesn't pass for me unless I'm directly engaged."

_Dismantled_, thinks Morgan, realizing that the previous host _must_ have been the creature that attacked them at the gas station. His skin crawls at the knowledge that this voice must've entered him - and he remembers the warm sensation he felt after the truck exploded. "All right..." he says slowly. "Do... you have any control over my actions?"

"Of course not! I'm just a low-grade symbiote. All I supply is Essence flow and information. It's up to you to channel it."

You page, "Abyssals are extremely complex. I don't know _how_ they work without the DLs." to Benford.

Morgan breathes a sigh of relief. _One less thing to worry about, at least,_ he thinks. "So, this 'harmonization' process... what information can you give me about that?"

"It's required to take advantage of my capabilities. You'll need to perform the procedure before we can really engage directly."

Morgan quickly discovers that the symbiote lacks any knowledge of the details of 'harmonization', and cannot decide whether he's relieved or disappointed. Instead, he moves on to a different tack. "All right. Do you have any purpose beyond supplementing me in my own objectives?"

"No sir, but I'm happy to help you with whatever you need!" the cheery symbiote replies.

Morgan nods, half-expecting this. An entity that didn't realize its new host was the _target_ of its previous one probably has no conscious understanding of its purpose in the greater scheme of things. But perhaps some of that purpose can be _inferred_. He proceeds to interrogate it about its knowledge of Earth, covering areas of science and technology as well as culture and politics. Questions to which Morgan already knows the answer - but what _it_ answers will tell him something about what the makers thought it needed to know. And maybe, what its makers did _not_ know, or knew wrongly.

What Poe finds is strange... and rather fascinating. The entity's knowledge seems to be restricted to what could be known by one human being, growing up in California from the mid-70's to the 1990's. Affairs outside that are known only to the extent that a Californian lad (or lass) might read in the newspaper - which is not trivial, but a good deal more superficial even than Morgan's knowledge. Poe eventually thanks the entity, and says, "Can you put the other guy on?"

When Morgan's 'source' returns to the line, he asks, "Did you get all that?" A brief conversation follows, where they discuss what just happened. Finally, Poe hangs up the phone, his head swimming, and returns to Benford and Jet. "That was... that was our assassin," he says. "Sort of." With that, he recounts the strange conversation he'd had. "I don't think it's dangerous, except when it's attached to something trying to kill us. But other than that... it doesn't know much else, and so I don't either."

"What I _do_ think," continues Poe, "is that this gives us some insight into our foe's limitations. Why did it attach a symbiote for southern California to something that operated in New Jersey?" He grins. "And for that matter, how did I manage to abscond with it?"

Benford sits down crosslegged on a low brick wall, eyes closed, thinking hard. "This is all damn odd. Perhaps our enemy has limited resources? It came to Los Angeles in the 70's and that's all it knows about Earth? Or perhaps it abducted some people from Southern California in the 70's, and that's all he has to work with?"

"Well, it seems that when we take one of those things out, it loses a connection," says Jet. Not that she knows just what that connection is. "You know what I don't understand.. you said it was cheery and rather eager, right? Nothing we've seen from the things we've faced has shown any emotion, correct?"

Morgan laughs. "Maybe there's something to those alien abduction stories after all," he says, leaning against a nearby wall. He looks up at Jet. "Well, this one's host tipped its hat to you, back at the gas station. And how many of them have we met, anyway? There's only been one that even tried to talk to any of us."

Benford says, "Well. The one on the plane did smile at me, for just a moment. He did this - " and here the Solar traces a circle on his forehead with a finger - "to show me that he understood what I was. It seemed like he was pleased to think of such a subtle way to tell me that he had me over a barrel. Perhaps these symbionts give them suggestions about how to communicate with us?"

Benford frowns. "When you put it that way... are we dealing with some kind of 'extraterrestrial Exalted'? We know they can control Essence, we know that they can pull off some amazing physical feats. And like us, their exaltation seems to be implemented by a symbiont - if you can use that word for what we have," he finishes sheepishly.

"Or perhaps they picked up these emotional and polite traits by studying humans," suggests Jet. "Rather than have any feelings of their own, or any real understanding of what is behind those gestures, they just do them at the proper moment. Like robots trying to act human."

"They've got some way of hiding from Fate, at least. Where they're involved, the Sidereals can't seem to predict anything." observes Morgan. "All Hel knew was that there was 'danger'." He sighs. "I wish Jack or Luther was here... they'd probably understand this stuff better than I would."

Morgan nods to Jet. "Well... yes and no. This 'symbiont' seems to have some understanding. And the guy on the plane, or the guy at the gas station... I guess they use the symbionts as a sort of Robot to Human Dictionary, or something."

"Robots," mutters Benford. "Like a man made out of a washing machine. That's something else that's odd. I don't think he was waiting there for us, nor was he following us. He showed up when I made that phone call, like he saw our footprints in the telecom grid, and made a body for himself out of a truck full of washing machines." He frowns. "For which I apologize to you all. It was unwise of me. These things, whatever they are, have a very strong affinity for mechanisms. Anyone could track our mobile phones, but it would take a lot more to tap the public grid. Who can pull that off?"

Morgan shakes his head. "Don't worry about it, Benford. We managed to survive it anyway... and now we _know_ one way they have of tracking us. Although that's going to make communication a lot more complicated..." he sighs.

"It's hard to say. Apparently the same kind of being that can form itself out of a washing machine," answers Jet. She looks down thoughtfully and sighs, "I'm worried about our home, though." She has a whole family waiting back there. "We can't bring this trouble back there. So we have to find a way to ditch these things."

Benford drums his fingers on the brick wall. "We should make sure that crate of spare parts never makes it to Meyer, for sure. I don't think we'd learn more from it anyway." He pauses. "Could we be dealing with some kind of Hollywood doomsday scenario here? Our machines become sentient and exterminating mankind? Is that the threat that brought the Exalted to Earth?"

Morgan's mind is still on Jet's question. "They found Benford when he made a phone call... but how did they know it was Benford making the call? Did they pick out his voice? Or something more subtle?" He rubs his chin. "I think we should keep moving. If it's dangerous to call by phone... well, then we meet in person. The Man may have some insight... or maybe a fellow hero can help us survive, if we want to try to experiment."

"Do you think every time we make a call we'll get attention? Will they change their strategy now that we've killed one of them?" asks Jet. "What happens next time may be even worse. Then again, it may not be anything. As for the idea of sentient machines.. I don't know. That doesn't really explain the symbiote, though."

Benford says, "There's a purpose here I can't yet divine. Even if they aren't 'just' machines, they're quite single-minded of purpose, and mechanically rational. That means that even their weaknesses are calculated. They'll have contingencies and escalations in place. We might assume that their resources are limited, in which case, they might reassign some bigger guns to deal with us." The scientist looks gloomy. "I'd just like to know what we did to them."

"I don't think we necessarily did anything. It's apparent that we can take some of their resources, though," says Jet. "That potential threat may be all it takes. It's enough for humans, certainly."

Benford nods. After a moment he says, "So now what?"

"We drive on to Atlanta," says Poe. "I'm sure the Man will want to hear everything that's happened to us, and maybe he'll have some ideas." He grins to Benford. "And if nothing else, another Hero might be able to help us survive if we give you a phone to experiment with."

"And to think I was about to tell you this idea of where to store that calling card," murmurs Jet. She smirks and lets out a sigh, "At least it won't be boring. And don't worry, I'll keep you guys in one piece." She won't promise the same about herself, though.