The glow of Morgan's laptop illumintes his face in the dimly lit hotel room. "We may be out of the woods, but Dr. Zubevich knows I know what's going on. And when I resurface officially, he'll wonder what I'm going to do with it." He looks up at the others. "I don't know about you, but... I plan to write a puff piece on the Walla Walla psychiatric program. A generic, forgettable, 'nothing to see here' article. Just to let them know that I have no intention of ripping the lid off - not yet, at any rate."

Benford is seated on the other side of the room, occupying the hotel's excuse for an easy chair. He looks up from a stack of micrographs of his own blood, which shows no trace of Axel's mystery organism. "I'm not sure that we should rip the lid off of it. There's the potential for this thing to do a lot of good; it instantly rehabilitated a lot of incorrigibles. If there's any flaw with Zubevich, it's that he's divided the world into the Unified and the Dispensible. We have to persuade him that there will be room for other solutions."

For Jet, the main focus is helping Ana heal. The young woman has proven quite resilient already, but Jet knows the healing has only just begun. The Lunar has again proven to be very capable of getting close to someone quickly. It is a matter of understanding the human animal, the needs and wants that drive them. The Lunar sits next to the young girl, an arm wound around her. "When we get back to San Francisco we'll get everything more settled. You will like it there, but the choice will still be yours to make, Ana."

"All the more reason to reassure them, then," says Morgan. "We don't understand their agenda well enough yet, and we still think we can steer it more to our liking by... well, by diplomatic means, I guess you could say. I'm not so sure on that point, myself - at least not where Axel's concerned. Dr. Zubevich, that's a different matter. If we can replicate what Axel's done, maybe we can drive a wedge between them, if we can't convince Axel himself."

"Axel's of the same nature as Gerhard, and Mister Bland... if indeed Mister Bland isn't one of those two," Benford notes. "I think he's working for Zubevich - that he was sent to support him. Axel will only change his principles if Zubevich does. It's like these mechanical beings are staging competitions between various human ideologies."

Morgan turns back to his computer, frequently referring to the notebook he kept while he talked to Dr. Zubevich, back in his office. Everything in that interview was fit for public consumption, and Morgan can do a little more follow-up research. "Interesting point. If Zubevich changes his mind, will Axel? I'm not so sure. And I don't think we should even try until we have a better idea of it. Until we've deduced more of the machines' agenda."

Benford nods. "Well. On that subject. Did Kelton tell you how to get in touch with Zubevich? Or should I just email Axel? I'm not entirely comfortable with having a casual conversation with someone who made a point of telling me that he might try to kill me later."

Jet does her best to keep Ana's attention away from the conversation. To better preserve this, she has made a few concessions to modern conveniences. Such as getting an iPod and two headsets to cover up the conversations. "They're talking shop again," Jet murmurs. Ana actually grins and nods. That'd their code for putting in ear buds and playing with the iPod. Whatever they are listening to, it seems to improve the girl's mood and keeps her attention away from the conversation.

"I could always just call the prison switchboard or send him snailmail," responds Morgan. "All the same, I'd rather have _this_," he says, waving to the screen, "reach print _before_ I try. We did rather leave a mess in our wake as we escaped, and the good doctor may be less than favorably disposed toward me right now."

Benford says, "Well, considering the inconvenience he caused you? I think we just returned the favor."

Morgan laughs. "True. Mind you, I think he thought he was doing _me_ a favor by bringing me into the fold. He certainly believed fervently in the whole thing himself. I'm not sure if he would even understand why I might not see it that way." A little more seriously: "And I don't think I can explain it to him until I understand that better myself."

"I wonder about that," Benford mentions. "Is it possible that we share some priveleged frame of reference? That Zubevich is also an Exalt, and has interpreted his vision as divine mandate? In that case, he might be surprised to learn that the heathen Andrew Morgan is his celestial peer."

"If he didn't know before, he will now," responds Morgan. "After that little... display I pulled off in there, I think he and Axel will realize that there's more to me than a, heh, mild-mannered reporter." He chuckles, then looks over at Benford. "Actually, Gerhard will probably be able to tell them more about that. Didn't he say to Axel that I'd achieved... what was it, a new form of symbiosis?"

Benford says, "Yes. A merging of 'essence' with 'soul' so to speak; something like their Symbionts... I'm inclined to think of them as soul-emulators, now."

Morgan nods. "I used the Engine - something that Axel and Gerhard already have access to. But the way it manifested for me... glowing golden robes and a Golden Gun - I think _that_ came from my Solar Spark. I doubt it works that way when they use the Engine. _That_ probably interests them as much as anything else."

Xin opens one eye. It's a very lazy gesture, but then the man has been sprawled out on one of the beds for the past few hours, dozing quietly. There's not even a sound until he adds, "Oh, I dunno, I bet they might be interested more in what happens to you now that you've used their Engine." Xin sits up, rubbing at his eyes while the bed groans in protest, "How do you feel since doing that?"

Morgan shakes his head. "I'm not sure, really. It..." he says slowly, shaking his head as he tries to convey a feeling he can't put into words. "There's a difference, somehow. It wasn't entirely compatible with me, I know that much. It's like it's scraped my brain raw, or something."

"Maybe using that much Essence, harmonizing with that thing to such a degree," Xin stretches his arms out, making a sort of scale, "Has thrown you out of balance with this world." He dips one arm and raises the other.

"A rather mystical perspective," Benford comments, "but an accurate one. It's as if you asked to be struck by divine lightning."

Morgan considers this, and then nods. "Interesting idea. You'd think of Essence as _chi_, right? Doesn't that come in two types - yin and yang? Eddie said the Engine was mostly used for fighting. That's unbalanced, is it not? War is balanced by peace."

Benford's comment elicits a laugh from Xin, "Well, you use the toolset you have. If I'd had your scientific background, I'd probably say something about um," he fumbles about mentally, "Quarks or something." He turns to Morgan, "Well, that's not quite it... but, the idea is about right. I don't know if it's that you used your _chi_ for fighting, so much as you completely immersed your _chi_ in a different world, and now are trying to find that balance in this one again. When one aspect is out of balance, our bodies feel it. As I'm sure you are discovering."

Morgan nods. "It could be," he says. "Do you have any suggestions?"

Jet is listening to the conversation and the music from the iPod at the same time. She stretches out on the bed and sighs softly, quite comfortable. She is happy to be able to just listen without having to comment. She asides to Ana, "I wish I had one of these when I was younger. Your generation has the best toys."

Xin thinks on this a while. It's easy to see the light come on as he gets it, "Yeah. I had a problem like this when I started learning Monkey style. I'd first learned Tiger-Crane style, and the two styles, while both kung-fu, are different. So I would trip myself up trying to do the moves. What I did was just go slowly through the basics-and I mean the very basics-every day until I found I had them both down. Almost had to forget everything I'd learned."

Xin brings his train of thought into the station, "So perhaps if you just practiced being in this world, using Essence without the Engine, stuff like that, it'll help you feel better? I didn't just make up that _chi_ stuff you know."

Morgan ponders this. "All... right," he says. "I'll have to try _something_, at least." He shakes his head. "And right now I need to work on this article a bit more," he says, glancing at the screen again and leaning back, as if to get a higher-level view of what he's written.

Benford says, "Well, that being said, we came up here to find the reason behind the attempt on Poe's life. We've gotten that, and quite a lot more besides. Apart from filing your story, do we have further business here? Or should we get back to our allies? I'd like to see if they've made any progress in masking us from surveillance."

"Personally, I think we should celebrate. We just did something major and now we're sitting here talking about it. I get the feeling things are only going to get more..." Xin glances over at Jet and Ana, then back at the other two, "Well, interesting. So at some point, while we can still call this a victory, we should."

Morgan nods, grinning. "Now _that_ is the most interesting idea I've heard all day," he says.

Benford chuckles. "Well, I don't know about you, but after all that, I could use a pint or six."

With the prospect of a bit of fun and relaxation, home certainly sounds promising, wherever it might be. Jet is eager to see her family, and to introduce Ana to her sisters and little brother. The journey is becoming rather familiar to Jet, since she's been this way a few times now, and knows the main roads and shortcuts very well.

---

The convoy encounters friendly - or at least familiar - faces while in the colorful town of Ashland, Oregon. While browsing books in a two-story A-frame bookshop and coffee bar, Jet is the first to spot the quartet. The Man, followed by Roger Wolf Pads, Ricky, and the Russian woman. The Native looks calm enough, while the Mexican and Russian are casting wary glances about.

"Don't go back to San Fran," the Man says as he approaches, as usual all business. "Bad things are going down."

That causes Jet to tense-up immediately. "My family?" is all she says. She looks to Roger for a moment, then back to the Man. She needs to know they are safe. The Lunar's instincts are strong. If her cubs are in danger, there is only one thing she can do.

"I told Barry to cut 'em loose," he replies. "The White Rabbit has them, which means they're in safe hands. Nothing definite yet, but Wonderland's bracing for war. I rounded up the troops." He jerks a thumb over his shoulder, indicating the trio of Lunars. "You in?"

"Wait, bad things have already gone down," Benford warily asks, "Or are going to go down?"

Morgan mutters, "Sounds to me like a calamity already in progress. Anything to do with our bungling around in Walla Walla?"

Ricky speaks up, leading the group over to one of the tables. "Gunrunners from the Cartels," he explains. "Me an' Mirya had been trackin' them, movin' over the border, ya know? So it looks like they're starting to form contacts in San Francisco, specifically. Been going on for awhile."

The Full Moon regards the Man evenly. "Anyone who puts my family in danger dies," replies Jet evenly. "I will be in, but I play by my own rules. No one is going to hold me back."

"I ain't the boss of you," the Man answers calmly. "How about the rest of you?" He looks to Xin, and Morgan, and Benford.

"So not because of our meddling... at least not specifically," Benford guesses. "And if Jet's... 'in', then I'm 'in'." _Bloody Yanks. This is life and death and we're talking like it's a rerun of 'Gunsmoke'._

"Whatever I can do," replies Poe. "I've concluded my business for now, and we've got some vital intelligence when we can spare the time to do something with it."

Xin narrows his eyes and curls his hand into a fist slowly. He nods. There's an almost eerie silence that falls over the coffee bar, the odd moment where everyone hits a pause of the conversation, this silence only makes Xin's lack of verbal response seem louder, somehow.

"Alright." The Man smiles. "Now for the good news. I actually spoke with Santa Muerte - Saint Death. Once. I think she'll help us."

"Once we know what we need to do, we'll get it done," says Jet. She pauses and asks, "So what exactly is Santa Muerte, anyway? That name never seemed very encouraging."

The Man sits down; the others follow suit. He clasps his fingers together and speaks.

---

"Saint Death is an urban legend. Sort of an unofficial saint the Catholic Church wouldn't touch. Poorer believers aren't so snobby. They make prayers and offerings to her. She's supposedly worshipped by criminals and victims alike - the patron saint of the lower class, you might say."

"The belief goes back years, maybe centuries depending on your read. I believe the Saint Death that Ricky described, and that I met, is an Exalt using the legend as a sort of cover, or identity. Maybe she really believes that's who she is. I don't know enough to say. But she is real."

"In the legend, she's married to Krampus, who is a sort of demonic companion to Saint Nicholas in the European tradition. I don't know anything about that, though I know that someone else was there when I met her. Kinda hard to tell what's real and what isn't these days."

"I tracked her down with what Ricky told me, and what the legend said. It seems like she's fighting a two-sided war in the Southern states, and in Mexico - against the government, and against the drug dealers pushing stuff over the border. I don't know why. But she's also helping people in the area."

---

Xin listens to The Man speak. He's not quite sure what to make of Santa Muerte, though the end, the part about her fighting the government and drug-dealers has his interest. He gives an approving nod. "And we know how to get ahold of her?"

"'Be lucky'," the Man answers wryly. "Nothing reliable. But we can try."

"So Saint Death is an ally," muses Jet. "This is someone we should help, if what you have observed is accurate. Where do we act, then? If we don't go for Frisco, do we hit Mexico instead?"

"Seems reasonable," the Sidereal shrugs. Ricky nods in agreement as well. "We gotta shut these guys down, even more so if they're gonna hit friends of yours."

"Bit out of my usual turf," comments Morgan, "but if it doesn't stop here, it'll keep going up I-5. Nothing stays local in this world anymore." He rests his chin on his hand, tapping his temple. "Is the law even trying to do anything about this, or do they not even know what's coming?"

"The law in Mexico is bought and paid for. The law in southern California is merely expensive." Ricky frowns.

"Who was it who said cops have better things to do than get killed?" asks Jet. She looks to the Man, "I need Ana to get to a safe place. Are we sure the White Rabbit will take care of my family? I don't understand that choice. She didn't seem quite the person for such a job. What about the girls at my club?"

"I don't pretend to know much about Mexico. But a little sunlight can make California's law even more expensive yet," says Morgan, pulling out his reporter's pad. "We all make use of the tools we have."

The Man frowns. "It's not my place to say. But take my word that the White Rabbit will keep them safe. The girls in the club aren't a target, in all likelihood. Meyer put in a word with the management, though. They're ready to move if it comes to that. Whatever the man's other faults, I've got nothing on his planning skills."

"So we're going to Mexico then," says Xin. "Do we have any idea where to hit first?"

"We'll find that out after we cross the border," Ricky says.

"Then it's time to go south," replies Jet. "We should stop in my old grounds, unless you already have supplies." She smiles strangely. She wouldn't mind settling her own score along the way.

"Ricky's loadout puts mine to shame," the Man admits. "He's fully geared out, and I think you'll find it to your satisfaction."

Xin hmms, "Well let's see the loadout, and go from there." There's a curious expression on his face.

Jet looks to Ricky, then nods. "I imagine I will." She looks thoughtful and then smiles. "I think I have an idea. Do you believe Ana would be safe if I put her up at one of the best hotels with a small pile of cash? I can't bring her into this, so.. a vacation, I guess."

"I will take the girl," Roger says, speaking up for the first time. "A hotel is no place for a family members."

Jet moves closer to Roger and bows her head, offering her hands to him. "Thank you, Roger," she says simply. "I will you owe you yet another huge favor." She smiles at him, "We are family too, aren't we?"

"Yes," the No Moon smiles. "That is why you owe me no favors."

"I have much to learn from you," Jet says quietly. "But I do not have time to learn all that I desire yet. Hopefully I know what I need to buy that time. With my family as safe as they can be, I am ready."

Roger stands up, and glances around. Instinctively he seems to know Ana on sight as she browses the children's books. The Native squats down, and Ana turns. "Hallo, Ana," he says. The girl flashes a brief, fragile smile, and Roger begins to talk quietly to her.

Benford absorbs all of this with equanimity. _Three months ago I had a home. Now... my home seems to be wherever trouble starts._ "So we're going to old Mexico, then. I don't know about you, but spending all this time in a van has got me feeling like a homeless person. Perhaps we could at least upgrade to air freight?" He looks at the Man, hoping he'll offer a useful opinion.

"Come outside and see," the Sidereal suggests.

---

Three blocks away, three vehicles are parked. The first is a tractor-trailer combination, both marked "WONDERLAND Entertainment". The second is an old-school Hummer - the real thing, not the popular commercialized knock-off. And the third is a sexy black 2008 Gemballa Turbo GT750, looking like the Porsche's knockout little sister.

Jack and Luther are sitting in the Gemballa, smiling.

Jet notices Jack right away. "We're out working and you are dicking around in a sport's car, picking up girls." She can't help herself. The trailer is her next point of interest. "I have a feeling we can't unwrap that present until we get over the border, huh?"

"Do I look like a girl?" yells Luther in protest. Nevertheless the intel expert gets out and walks toward the group, pointing around him. "This is our home away from home. Hammocks, arms, C3 gear - command, control, communications. We're not messing around, ladies and gentlemen."

"Geez," says Poe, running his hand through his hair. "You guys been saving your dimes and pennies, haven't you," he says, trying not to look nearly as impressed as he, in fact, is.

Xin spends a few moments in quiet appreciation of the Gemballa. "Wow." He says, after a moment or two. He walks over to it, circles the car, "Wow," he says again, for emphasis. It doesn't help that the backdrop of his imagination has supplied the prerequisite explosions in the background of the sleek black car.

"This is funded by Wonderland. It took a big bite out of Meyer's finances. He said it was a good investment on staying alive," the Man remarks.

Benford addresses The Man, "'Thank you' seems too weak. And what shall we get _you_ for Christmas?"

The suited Sidereal shrugs. "How about results?"

Benford nods. "As you wish."

"Alright then, boys, let's go blow some shit up!" declares Jet. "These toys are far too attractive to just look at. A pity you don't have a kick ass bike to go with that car though."

"It's in the truck," the Man answers. "Meyer anticipated everything."

"Ohhh, I'll be sure to destroy a lot of things just for him," answers Jet. She grins and looks at the truck hopefully. She can't help but be eager to play with a new bike.

Morgan grins. "And do we have anything for when we _don't_ want to get attention?"

"You have me." The Man glares right at Morgan.

Xin does his best to pay attention. Though his mind is on the trailer and the promise of a sweet new bike to play with. At least, he hopes there's more than one. _Why is The Man glaring at Morgan like that?_

Benford looks confused. "You're... you're coming with us?"

"It's my fight too, ain't it?"

"It's everyone's fight," says Jet.

Morgan chuckles dryly. "Fair enough, then. Lord knows _our_ crew haven't been very good at not getting attention." He cracks his knuckles. "Well, if _these_ are the resources we have to work with, we must have our work cut out..."

Benford says, "We'll work on inconspicuous on the way down. I had some ideas before we left for Seattle. We'll see how they've progressed."

Before Jet leaves, she takes the time to speak with Roger. The story of how she met Ana is relayed quickly. Roger should know exactly what the young girl has been through. Jet also takes the time to tell Ana what is going on. She kisses Ana's forehead and hugs the girl fiercely before promising, "Once this blows over, we're going to meet the rest of the family and we'll all go somewhere fun together and just relax. It won't be long, Ana."

---

WALLA WALLA, Washington -- Here at the Washington State Penitentiary, the convicts are hard at work - making license plates, uniforms, and otherwise working off their debt to society. But elsewhere on the campus, another group of people are also working hard.

Psychiatrists from around the state come here to study the mental state of those who have run afoul of the law. As Dr. Zubevich, the lead scientist of the program, says, "Corrections is more than rehabilitation, more than social justice. It is also the opportunity to see into the mind of man..."