Morgan re-enters the motel room, closing the door behind him. The glow of the laptop screen, across the room, reminds him of the task he came here to complete - but the nature of it has changed. No longer the skeptic debunking the idea of intelligent design, but the heretic declaring that they've got the wrong idea. Still, deception is deception, and the Discovery Institute's motives remain as suspect as ever. He takes up the laptop again, trying to avail himself of a new perspective on the issue.

Jet doesn't sleep well as of late. Jet's never really slept well, to be honest. Morgan likely notices she's a very unsound sleeper, her jaw flexing and her body shifting as she faces something she does not like. It isn't long before she wakes up with a start, sitting up fast and looking terrified. It takes her some time to reorient herself. Hotel room. She looks to her side and sees Mary. Slowly she remembers just where she is, but for now says nothing at all.

Morgan somehow finds the words flowing more easily, and not just because of a new point of view. The Voice is audible now, and the words flow freely. So that when he hears the rustling behind him, he feels secure enough to stop the flow for a moment, and turn his head to see who woke up. "Hello, Jet," he murmurs softly. "Can't sleep?"

The Lunar sighs and rubs at her eyes. She'll let Morgan return his focus to his work before she starts to pull her clothes back on. "It's nothing serious," she says quietly. "So are you still working on your story, then?" She looks past him and raises her eyebrows, "It looks like you've made a lot of progress, at least. Struck with a bit of inspiration?"

Morgan smiles. "You could say that," he says, turning back to his laptop and tapping away. After a few moments, he says, "Mary says you two were Exalted. How did that happen, for you?" The skepticism in his voice is replaced by curiosity now, though in his low tones of voice it'd take a good ear to tell the difference.

Jet normally has a very good ear. Tonight, however, her focus is badly shaken. She tenses at the mention of her exaltation and frowns, settling herself on the floor, her back resting against the wall. "I was shot when mine happened," she says quietly. "It was rather strange." She looks at Morgan, rather suspicious now. "Is there some reason you are asking?"

Morgan chuckles softly. "Well, you know us reporters, always curious about a good story. Not that I'd publish this one, of course," he says hastily. "They'd think I was mad." He hrmms. "Shot, eh... not just shot _at_. Ouch..." He pauses. "And what've you done with it? Just rescuing hapless reporters about to be assassinated, or other sorts of things?"

"So far I've not done a great deal," says Jet softly. "It's not like you are instantly changed. I have impulses to deal with, and things I must learn, as well. In my case, it's been a lot of wandering. I don't even know exactly what it is I'm looking for." She looks over to Mary and says, "I'd not spend too much time around her kind, though. Unless you like being in danger."

Morgan can't help but laugh at that, a bit. "All right... then why are _you_ spending time with her? Do you like being in danger?" He gets serious again. "Or is it because she convinced you that you were needed somewhere?"

"I have nothing else to do," admits Jet. "Certain events in my Exaltation make it rather difficult for me to return home," she says quietly. "And I'm not really worried about danger. I wasn't chosen to cringe in the shadows." Jet seems rather lost in thought for a while, finally saying, "I hope I am needed somewhere. I think you needed me. At least for a little while."

Morgan nods. "Yes, yes I did." He rubs his chin, taps out another paragraph, then pauses again. "But... it seems to me that danger follows the life of any Exalted, wouldn't you say? Even if you avoid Mary's kind, it's... part of the job description. These gods don't Choose _anyone_ to cringe in the shadows. Otherwise, they'd be wasting their time and energy, wouldn't you think?"

Jet laughs softly and nods, "I suppose that is true. Still, I have a feeling some of those selected will do less than others. Ever since the Lady in Silver kissed me I know I've wanted to do things in her name. It's just hard to be sure what things are meant to be done." She narrows her eyes, "And it's not like you can just walk into a city and find something heroic to do immediately. I've felt too restless to lay down roots again, anyway."

Morgan thinks about this... and then nods. "I know what you mean. I've been in this business for years, and sometimes it's hard for me to be sure I'm making a difference. Yeah, tens of thousands may read my words, but what do they do with them? I just have to do my best, and hope I reach people." He chuckles. "Of course, maybe that'll be easier from now on."

That comment draws Jet's attention. "Oh really? From now on?" She looks over to Mary, suspicious. "So, why is it you suddenly are more able to reach your readers?" asks the Lunar softly, her eyes turning back slowly to watch Morgan.

Morgan cracks his knuckles. "Well..." he says, suddenly bashful even after letting that blatant hint slip. "I think I'm just more suited now to let the light of day shine out..." He pauses once more, then shakes his head, laughing softly. "The truth is, there was a visitor while you two were asleep, and he recruited me into this little adventure. I'm one of the Chosen now, Jet."

Jet sighs softly and looks back to Mary. "I had a feeling.." She grins and looks to Morgan more closely now. "I have a feeling you aren't like her, though. The light of day, huh? Doesn't sound like me, either." She isn't quite sure what to make of it, but she clearly doesn't doubt Morgan, either. "I'm not entirely sure if congratulations are in order for this sort of thing or not, but.. congratulations, anyway."

Morgan nods. "I'm not like her," he agrees. "I still don't have this sense of certainty that she talked about, and as dangerous as last night was for me, I don't think it was as dangerous as it was for you. I'm Chosen of the Unconquered Sun." He nods his head. "Thank you. But you know as well as I do that it's a responsibility we've taken." He turns back to his laptop. "In a way, for me, it's the same duty I've always had, I think - to build up society with the truth, where others would tear it down with lies. I don't fully know my purpose, any more than you do - I just know I have to do what I feel is right, to the best of my ability."

Jet nods slowly, "It's good that you have some direction. Still, I have a feeling that after the little incident, you won't be able to go back to your old life very smoothly. There will be a lot of questions. I'm good at talking my way out of things, but the aftermath of that is going to be quite a mess." The Lunar grins wryly, "It's not so very different from what I left behind myself." Though she's not quite willing to say just where that was.

Morgan nods. "Yeah, that's gonna be a mess all right... we'll just have to see how that goes. Fortunately, I expect you won't need to be there to explain anything, and if I can't come up with a good story, I'm not half the man I think I am." He grins, then looks at Mary, sleeping. "I wonder if she knew what she came here for. She was calling me 'mortal' all night - but that doesn't mean anything. After all, I _was_."

"She likely did not," says Jet. "Her kind at least claim to just be guided to things they need to do. It sounds rather like being a slave to impulses, but I have a feeling there's a lot more to it than that. I imagine that they can't or will not explain it any more clearly. I just have a strong suspicion she won't make the effort to further explain. Still, I also have this sense she's not been this way long. Not sure if that's good or bad, honestly."

"Well, there's no denying that if she hadn't been here, in this city, at this time, I'd be dead by now," replies Morgan. "And chances are she couldn't have saved me all by herself, either. So I guess they _do_ get some idea of where they have to be and what they have to do. And I guess that means there really is such a thing as fate." He scratches his head, and then smiles. "Maybe she'll have some notion as to where I'm needed next. And then again, maybe not. Maybe my own fate doesn't need any further prodding at this point. If it does, I'm sure I'll see her again. Or someone like her."

"No matter where you go, I think you will see more of her kind," says Jet softly. "And what I meant was that I don't think she starts with a picture of just what she's achieving, just a feeling of what must be done. Still, there were at least some moments when she seemed to have an idea of what must be done. I just wonder if she picked me up knowing exactly what it would be she needed from me. Still, fate did lead her to me. That's no small feat, these days. I tend to move very quickly. Which reminds me.. it's probably time for me to be moving on again. I don't think you will be needing me again for a while."

Morgan tilts his head. "Perhaps not. But who knows. Right now I don't know how I made enemies that would want to kill me. But I _know_ I'll make others. Or... perhaps you'll need something from _me_. A plausible explanation for inexplicable snakebite victims, perhaps. Or maybe something more relevant. Maybe you'll stumble across some malevolent institution too big for even a tiger to handle. Cliche though it may be, the pen _can_ be mightier than the sword."

"We will see." Jet doesn't seem too concerned. Nor all that certain. "I don't really see myself facing off against any institution, of course. It's not really of great interest to me. At least not yet. My goals are smaller right now. A place to stay, for instance. It seems the west is scratched off the list, though. It's bad luck to kill the neighbors before you even have a housewarming party, don't you think?"

Morgan laughs. "One little sleepy suburb of Seattle does not mean the whole west coast." He shrugs. "Still... I am grateful to you for helping save me, at least. And I do hope our paths will cross again, one way or the other. It's been... an experience." The journalist grins, and returns to his article once more.

Jet looks to the door thoughtfully, then back to Mary. She hops up and walks over to the sleeping woman and reaches out to poke her shoulder. "Gotta find out if there is anything else I'm needed for," she mutters softly. She turns back to Morgan, "And I have a feeling that four murders will spread stories fast, no matter where they happened. Organized crime captures the imagination."

Morgan grins. "Of course it will. But you forget - stories are _my_ business. And so is organized crime, for that matter." He looks at Mary. "I understand a little of what she does, now. I've dedicated my life to spreading truth, and now I'm going to need to spread the fog of misinformation to protect my new friends - and myself."

The sleeping woman stirs, twisting and stretching about on the bed. A hand comes to her face to rub at her eyes, unconsciously.

Jet pokes the sleeping Mary again. "If you don't wake up soon, Mary, I'm going to jump on you," she threatens softly. She again turns her words back to Morgan, "I don't know if misinformation is a wise idea, either. Don't risk your position to help me. They are going to have a hard time figuring it out. Two men brutally pounded, another bitten to death by a snake, and the other by a large cat. It'll make for some amusing stories, though, I imagine. I just don't think it's smart for me to hang around and see what the cops string together. You have to look out, though. I highly doubt they're done trying to kill you."

Mary finally rouses to counsciousness at Jet speaks. She sits up slowly, rubbing at her eyes further. Then they spring wide open, and focus directly on Morgan. "You!" she shouts. "What changed about you? What is it?"

Morgan's eyes twinkle. _So they **don't** tell her everything,_ he reflects. But if she can see it now, why lie? "I had a visit from the Unconquered Sun, Mary. I'm a Solar Exalt now."

Mary almost springs off the bed. Her hand darts into her pocket and comes out with a wallet, which she throws open on the table next to the bed. Furiously she tears out plastic cards of all description, until triumphantly she's seized ahold of a business card. Grabbing the phone with the other hand, she begins dialing with the energy of a madwoman.

Jet steps back and smirks. Well, that's refreshing, anyway. At least she didn't get kicked for waking the woman up. She's at least a little disappointed that she didn't get to more rudely awaken the other woman though. The Lunar really wonders just how her friend would react to having the sheets tugged out from under her. Seeing the woman act like a fool, Jet just steps aside. And she pays very close attention to what she's dialing. She makes a habit of knowing the local police numbers wherever she stays..

"Maybe this _is_ my fight now," says Morgan softly, as he watches Mary's frantic efforts. Now that he's had a chance to think about it, he understands a little better what Mary had meant, last night.

"I got one! I got one!" shouts Mary into the receiver, after a brief pause. "Seattle area, case 10429 follow-up!" She sets down the cradle and grins back at the other two. "You two are the best!" With that brief outburst, she resumes talking. "Confrontation? Yeah, that was resolved. I don't know... no, he's fine. He's.... Yeah, it's him, that guy. Andrew Morgan, umm, journalist." She turns back to look at Morgan. "What's your driver's license number, please?"

Morgan squints at Mary. "Why do you need to know?" he asks curiously, even as he pulls out his wallet and riffles through it. "Does Fate keep records?"

"Record-keeping. Come on, hurry up!" Mary frowns.

Jet raises an eyebrow at Mary. The best? Huh. She looks to Morgan and shrugs, "No comment at this point." She has this feeling, though, that something is about to happen. She settles her eyes on Mary's face, considering this woman very carefully. She has a feeling no instincts will serve her with this woman.

Morgan sighs, shaking his head. "Fine, fine," he says, and reads it off. "I bet you people didn't ask Jet _her_ driver's license number," he says, trying to keep a humorous slant on a situation which, he feels, is slipping out of his control again. But in some way - as with his Exaltation - only because he's allowing it to.

"Right." Mary's relaying numbers into the phone. She glances back. "He says... 'we didn't have to. I got it off her when she stripped on the highway'?"

Morgan's eyes flicker to Jet, and he blushes for no good reason. He doesn't ask the details of _that_ one. "Honestly..." he mutters under his breath.

"Oh, is that him?" asks Jet. "I'm glad I didn't have all my fakes in my pockets then," says the Lunar. "Probably have a dozen wrong numbers in their records." She seems rather untroubled by it, though. It's not like she ever really uses that driver's license for anything. "So Mary, is it time for me to hit the road or what?" asks Jet casually. "Or maybe you want me to take my clothes off again?"

"I think we should leave, if everyone's awake enough," the woman suggests, as she hangs up the phone. Her voice has new confidence. "Mr. Morgan, we'll be able to take care of cleanup now. You should be able to reintegrate with your life with minimal difficulty once it's finished."

"For now, at least," says Morgan. "But... thank you, again." In a way, it's a relief to know that even if his life has changed, it doesn't _have_ to change all at once. All too soon, he knows, the light kindled in him will make its own demands, with the voice of his own conscience; but if what Mary says is true, it will still be _him_ making the decision to move on from the relatively comfortable position he holds now.

Jet looks at Mary curiously. "Where exactly do you mean for us to go now?" she asks. "And what answers are you going to give to me." The Lunar was half-expecting to just be leaving, it seems. Maybe she doesn't want those answers so much after all.

"Well, ask me whatever you want, okay?" Mary is clambering off the bed and gathering her things together. "Go ahead."

Jet frowns thoughtfully, "I'm not sure it matters," she says honestly. "Now that it comes down to it, I don't think the questions I need to ask can be answered by one not of my kind. You cannot tell me what it means to be a Lunar. You cannot tell me how to grow stronger. I'm not sure you are even meant to tell me what I must do."

"I can tell you what must be done." Mary shrugs, and piles her wallet's contents back on the bed. "As to what it means to be a Lunar... we have other Lunars we know of. We can connect you with them."

"And Solars?" asks Morgan.

"Of course." Mary pockets her wallet and stands up, adjusting her clothes. "Our job is to support the other Celestials."

"Well, that would be helpful," says Jet. "Does anyone have more of a clue about this Lunar business than I do, though?" she asks curiously. "I imagine that just being older would help a little."

"We'll head back to Headquarters," Mary decides. "You can meet up with other Lunars from there."

Morgan ponders this. "How would I get in touch?" he asks. "Even with the help of your cleanup crew, I won't be able to stay where I am forever."

"Come with us. We'll work it out," promises Mary.

Jet sighs softly and surrenders herself to whatever it is that is going to be done. "Might as well learn something," she murmurs quietly. "Is this another one of those promptings of fate?"

"It's good sense." Mary shakes her head, and slips on her shoes. "Or is there a compelling reason to stay?"

"Nothing comes to mind," says Jet quietly. The Lunar looks over to Morgan, "You ready to go to the batcave?" She is quite eager to see just what 'headquarters' looks like.

Morgan scratches his head. "Well... I've sent in my story for the morning paper, but my editor will be wanting to talk to me about the next story. Other than that..." It's clear that his not coming into the office on time would cause some problems, though none that couldn't be worked out without effort.

Mary shrugs. "Our arrangements would involve a story of kidnapping and release. It'd excuse a few days."

"Sounds a bit odd of a story, but if it works.." Jet is quite ready to go, heading to the door and tugging it open. "I'll just be waiting outside." She sniffs at the air and frowns. "Weird night.." she mutters under her breath.

Morgan nods. He refrains from pointing out that he only just sent in his story a few minutes ago - not that it matters. He's not a tech-head, but he's talked to people who are, and they've told him all about how e-mail headers can be fudged. "Very well, then. I'll come along."