The winds of fall have little affect on the residents of Ranapura. Even night and day make little difference there. At all hours the Lunars are watchful, aided by their Celestial allies.

Yet the most important work is not guarding. It is taking place inside, where the heroes of this age are doing their very best to catch-up on a missed education. Charity, though she is certainly no great student, has taken a great interest in the copy of the Book of Three Circles. She cannot read a word of it, but others can. Her area of focus is the creation of human races, such as the beastmen of Creation.

Charity stands shameless and naked before the book. As she studies her family watches Roger Wolfpads closely. The discovery of moonsilver has given him a new task to carry out: the administering of true Lunar tatoos. The act is truly a marvel and by pure instict Roger slowly creates a work of art, every stroke of moonsilver telling in greater depth the story of Charity's soul.

"Sak-tuk," Charity murmurs softly. Roger's eyebrow shifts upward just slightly before he resumes his single-minded focus. "The purpose of existance is perhaps, in the end, to understand existance. The Wyld churns out madness without thought of what it means to exist." She smiles warmly at her little sister and allows her eyes to drift shut. "I'm happy you are all here. This halls need laughter and joy and wonder to wake up again."

Roger's work carries him closer to the remnants of the gloves that saved Charity's life just as Marlene enters the room. She opens her mouth to say something, but shuts it again with a frown, her eyes drifting over the tatoos in one swift but intent study. She waits only a short time before stepping away again. "Later," Charity says quietly.

Roger finishes his work with the same calm expression he wore when he started. "Thank you, Roger." The Full Moon stretches in her skin, looking down at her tattoos and then to her family. "You never noticed them before, did you?" At first the question seems lost on them, but finally Becca says, "Of course not. You only just got them now."

"True enough," replies Charity gently. She reaches down to accept the robe that Laura offers. The Lunar strokes her little sister's hair for a moment with her left hand and with her right touches Timothy's shoulder. "Thank you both," she says as she slips into her clothing. "But I think it is bedtime, isn't it?"

There is little fuss about this, which for a moment strikes Charity as strange, but so much has changed recently that this surprise does not last long.

With her family heading to rest the Lunar begins her hunt for Doctor Mokembe. Unsurprisingly she finds him with his work. She hasn't paid much attention to exactly what he's been doing, she just knows he was hoping to help the disabled. "Doctor? May I interrupt for a moment?"

"Yes, what is it?" The African physician has been studying Ranapura, but seems to have been mostly in a daze the whole time.

"I know you have been throwing yourself at a lot of challenges," says Charity, "So I feel rather guilty asking for more. But perhaps this might be useful to you, as well. The child Timothy was born of parents who were addicts. The Assembled used neurocytes to somehow cleanse him of any addictions. I have kept a sample of these in the hopes that we might put drug dealers out of business."

"Addiction is just a natural consequence of biochemistry," Mokembe says, thinking aloud. "The body may build up a tolerance for the substance, but... Then tell me, what would happen to this boy if he was introduced to an addictive substance again?"

"I haven't tried," replies Charity. "I have a feeling he'd still be susceptible. However, I don't think it will take us much time to damage the drug trade. Do you think we should try?"

The doctor scratches his adam's apple with his fingernails. "Then what about the rest? Why do people take drugs to begin with?"

"Bad relationships, a loss of opportunity, a need to escape," says Charity. "I understand that we need to remove the causes as well. But what about those who are already helpless?"

"What about children?"

"I do not disagree with your goal." Mokembe holds up a hand. "But listen to me. You are intending to tread on the further reaches of human experience, and you will discover that very many people consider that frontier as their home. You will find resistance from the very people you are trying to save - they will form an insurgency against this cold world you are dragging to them. You will replace one drug trade with another. Perhaps not as potent. But it will evolve defenses against you the longer you place environmental pressure upon it."

"What if we try a different angle, then," replies Charity. "Would the frontier be based on the way drugs make people feel? We can give them the experience without enslaving them to it physically, can't we?"

"People may become psychologically addicted to almost anything, not just drugs." Mokembe ticks off items on his fingers as he speaks. "Adrenaline. Sex. Danger. Computer games. So I will help you with this. But always remember that there will be some margin of people who find such a condition preferable to the world in which they live."

"That's what they call Sin, isn't it?" asks Charity. "I don't want to take the consquences of living from them. I just want to give them an extra opportunity to make that choice openly, with as lucid a mind as a human being can muster."

Mokembe nods.

"And Doctor, if there's any help I can give you please let me know. You have been driving yourself very hard ever since we gained Ranapura," says Charity. "The Lunars are not as powerful as the Solars, perhaps, but we were meant to work together."

Charity feels like she's making rounds as of late. She catches something strange out of the corner of her eye and reaches out to pluck a scrap of paper from the air as it slowly floats downward. In typical night caste form Marlene has written a brief note indicating that nothing strange has been sighted outside in the past hour beyond the usual curious onlookers, who have learned to keep a prudent distance.

The note makes Charity briefly wonder at the fact that people are reporting to her to begin with. Her musing on that curious change of events doesn't last long. She's seeking Harmony--in both senses, and with Sidereals the best she can do is wander around more or less randomly, hoping that she'll get lucky.

Getting lucky was traditionally the purview of the Chosen of Venus, but Harmony keeps that restricted, apparently, to good fortune. She isn't hard to find - ministering to some of the wounded in Tijuana.

"Everyone else seems to have found their roles," Charity observes. "Harmony, I know you are busy. Would you have time to talk to me later? I seek advice."

The woman rises from the patient she is speaking to, whispering a promise to return soon. "Of course, Charity," she says with a bright smile.

The Full Moon bows slightly to the patient and steps away with Harmony. "I know you cannot tell me exactly what is coming, but I find myself struggling. Luna's pull is chaotic. The moon is Full in me, and yet my heart could race down a thousand paths. Tell me, Harmony, how do I best decide on what to become? What do you believe we will need most in the days to come?"

The Sidereal thinks a moment. "When Barry passed away, the All-Stars fell to me," she says. "When he was alive, I was sure that we needed someone just like him. But now that he's gone, there's nobody like him here at all, is there? He had that way about him; he was a negotiator and a Good Samaritan, but he never inspired."

"So now that I succeed him, I think.... it's not so important to _replace_ him, but just to be _me_. The world found a place for him. It'll do the same for me. And whatever _you_ want to be, the world will find a place for you."

Charity smiles, "I knew it would not be an easy answer." She reaches out to squeeze the sidereal's hand. "The things that really matter are never so simple. I must make that choice." She looks intently at Harmony, "Barry was very special, but so are you. I wish I could focus myself so well."

Harmony smiles back. "Charity, don't save the world. Pick the part of it you care about the most, and save _that_. Leave the rest to your friends. We got your back, and we know you have ours."

The Full Moon laughs in delight, "You're right, of course. The part that I care about most is my children, the family I want to make. Though it sounds noble enough when I explain it to others, the truth is.. I'm selfish. When my time comes, I want to know that the love in my heart will not end with me. It takes the pressure off of me, knowing that when I at last fail a part of me will continue to take up the fight for a better world." The Lunar adds quickly, "I have no plans on getting knocked out any time soon, mind you."

"Just say _enciente_, dear," Harmony says with a smile. "It sounds more genteel in French."

"Is there anything I can do to help you here?" asks Charity. "I'm not precisely a nurse, though I have worn a variation of the uniform in the past." She smirks impishly, "I looked pretty cute, too."

"Give them a reason to believe that you're a blessing," Harmony says softly. "Remind them that they won't be in constant danger because you're here, that there's more to you than that."

"That reminds me of something," murmurs Charity. She fumbles in a pocket for a moment, at last drawing out a small Superman symbol. The Lunar looks at the S for a few moments, then raises her eyes to smile at Harmony, "I think I get it now. Just because I meet the enemy in battle does not mean I must love war. It is the peace I fight for and the precious ones I protect that I have given my heart to."

Harmony smiles.

"It's time to take this on the road," Charity decides. "And as I go, I will craft my prayer and focus all the dreams for my children into one theme." She hugs Harmony tightly and slips away into the night. "Thank you for everything. I will return in a few days."

---

With the entire world to choose from, Charity decides in the end to start in her own backyard. She kisses her family goodbye for a time, leaving Cam to protect them while she puts herself on the front lines of the battle for justice.

Charity's search for Morgan is not a difficult one. She's learned something of his routines over the past few weeks. "So what are we working on today?" she asks curiously.

Morgan looks up. Several Earth books are spread around his work area, as well as the images of several books written in Old Realm. "I'm working on how to make sure Earth society doesn't collapse when all the world's religions have been called into question," he says. "So far I'm figuring on syncretism, and then it's just a matter of adapting Celestial myths so that people find them comfortingly similar. Why, what's up?"

"I'm going to go out and play Supergirl for a few days," says Charity brightly. "I figure if you've got an 'S' you might as well use it, right?" She looks over the sprawl of books for a few moments before turning her piercing gaze back to Morgan's eyes. "I need to get my skin back in the game, you might say."

Morgan closes the Indonesian translation of the Koran he'd been poring over and sits back. "Supergirl, eh? Knowing you, that sounds like something dangerous is going to happen. What are you planning?"

"I'm going to go city to city and see what the people need," replies the Lunar. "I've been working on a few new tricks and I'm eager to try them out. I want the people to know I'm there for them. I want to show them that they are safer with us than they were before."

Benford knocks on the doorframe and enters when invited. "Bring Raven with you. Part of the point of the project is to get people to link horizontally, instead of vertically. Stuff like microbanking, microloans, local communication services." He hands over the latest revision of the device to Jet. "There's crates of these down on the hangar deck right now and a version for the iPhone. Feel free to hand them out like candy."

"Good point," says Morgan, flipping through a Spanish copy of the Bible. "Perhaps we can make you Saint Charity," he continues. "We've already set the precedent with Saint Death and Saint Esperanzita. The Catholics are good at syncretism."

"I think I'd rather be Mother or Sister, if it's just the same," says Charity. She accepts the phone from Benford and looks it over, "These things are starting to look great, aren't they? It's important that form compliments function." The Lunar studies Benford carefully, "I hope you've been allowing yourself some time to sleep. Really, that goes for both of you. Is there anything else I can do to help your work?"

Benford pours himself into a chair. "Sleep. I remember what that was like." He unsubtly changes the subject. "You know, maybe it's where as much as who. We've never gone to Baghdad, or Kabul, or even New Orleans."

Morgan nods. "He's right. We need to get the Celestial presence where people can feel it. We've shown them that their gods are... well, not what they thought they were. We need to give them something new to believe in. And although the Miracle of the Averted Apocalypse will help some, people like their miracles more up close and personal."

"Yeah," Benford says slowly. "About that... I had an idea. It's a crazy one... but it might help make things personal."

"I don't think I'm ready to go to the Middle East just yet," admits Charity. "I don't even know the language. And I doubt I can get back in a few days if I go so far afield." She turns to Benford, "A crazy idea? Let's hear it."

Benford thinks a moment before responding. "Remember the neurocytes? They get inside your head and make you hear the Maker's song. I have to wonder if that means that Destiny, in some way, is biologically transmissible." The capital D in Destiny is obvious in his pronunciation. "What if we ... uh ... did our own version? Based on your genes, Charity, and bent towards Hugh instead of the Maker? Mokembe and Engel are talking about building a new Spinner, for cloning replacement parts. We could use this as a kind of universal therapy for more systemic diseases... and make the Destiny part of the quid pro quo."

"So you are essentially going to infect people with.. something?" asks Charity. "I'm not sure if that's how I'd like to make my children. Can we alter people so much without becoming exactly like the enemy? It is one thing to make a new living thing with a pre-conceived set of values, it seems quite another to change those who already have dreams of their own. Perhaps I do not understand you rightly."

Benford says, "Well... we had to do something like it, in curing the Tijuana plague. Recall that it was the blood of Lunars - yours, Roger's, even Usama's - that was the critical component. I'm still unclear on why that is myself... iologically it worked like any other vaccine, antigens versus pathogens. We won't trump the native destiny, we just give it a nudge." He shrugs wearily. "The Man could tell us more, but I think he'd say that the solution is 'choice'."

"Has nothing to do with choice," the Man says, rudely barging in. "Charity's plan is entirely Autochthonian in nature anyway. Design a destiny for people, make it happen, and wish them luck fitting into it."

If Benford is surprised, he doesn't show it. "Does that mean it's a bad idea, then?"

"Do you think that makes it wrong to follow?" asks Charity, her words spilling into Newton's. "My inspiration is.. well, not precisely from anything Autochthon has shown, but from human fantasies themselves. Human literature contains many references of beings that are human in most ways, but have mastered virtue to a greater extent. From elves in Tolkien's stories to Vulcan's in Star Trek. It's a human dream to have a role model who will inspire behavior and yet not become jealous when they are surpassed by man."

"Yeah yeah, all of which is fine. So consider. Isaac Newton went into astrology and alchemy and shit. Are you gonna flush Calculus down the toilet because of that?" The Man stares at Benford carefully.

Benford grumbles. "Turned out that the old fart was on the right track, didn't it?" His tone is almost accusatory.

"How about vaccination?" The Man continues, evidently enjoying this. "Oh yeah, virii are bad, germs are bad, so why would we ever use _anything_ related to them as a medical treatment? Kids might get autism or something. Yeah, we gotta condemn all things related to disease."

"My point is that you aren't talking about a _side_, a political party, or a fucking faction here. You're talking about 4% of the fundamental principles of existence. It's like rejecting gravity because people have gotten hurt falling down. It's not gravity's fault, it's just how things are."

"Really, what it all boils down to is making our own choices," suggests Charity. "Autochthon's methods bothered us for some reason. Let's not forget that. If we lose sight of our virtues in completing our goals we may not like the end result. For better or worse, we have the responsibility."

"We've got all the pieces necessary to do it this way," Benford says softly. "Almost like we were meant to. So how about it? Can biology drag the frame of destiny?"

"'As above, so below' works both directions," the Man answers.

"Well, then.. how do we want to pick our candidates?" asks Charity. "And how far are we going to push this on them? We're talking rebirth of personality here if we take this the whole way."

"I don't think we need be that radical. It's not the nature of genetics to accomplish that kind of change in one generation anyway. No, if we design a destiny, carried biologically, then the real 'volunteers' will be selected from among the children and grandchildren."

"So would this be what we inject into the mothers of my line?" asks Charity. "That I can understand."

"Mothers, and fathers," Benford says. "And of course there would be benefits even in the here and now... we can use it as a vector for curing lots of things."

Morgan laughs. "I'm sorry, but sometimes it strikes me as bizarre, what we're doing here. I'm talking about rewriting the canon of every religion on the planet, and you two are talking about creating a race of angels in the form of men. Sometimes it just... boggles the mind."

"Well, don't break anything," says the Man, waving and heading off.

Benford grins with forced humor. "It is extraordinary," he says' "But we don't do it lightly. However, if we're going to do it, we need to do it fast. I thought that if Charity was about to make a grand tour, she should take the treatment with her." He doodles some numbers in a notepad. "By my estimate, mudane medicine might have perfected this technology by 2060. We can do it more rapidly. How is tomorrow night?"

Morgan grins. "Sounds good. Gives me time to give her her script for assuring people that their sense of right and wrong hasn't collapsed just because the One True God isn't quite what they thought it would be."