There have been a few assaults on Tijuana since Benford's fusion plant went online. Nothing that looked like an obvious attack - no crazies with guns running at the American bars, no tanks lined up on the hills outside the city to start shelling the cultural district.

But attacks they were, and Jet and her militia know it. Violence will break out on the street, or there will be a drunken rumble, or a car will suddenly swerve toward the plant. Guns are traced. License plates are looked up. Fingerprints are taken. Ricky has done this all too often, and the local police - freed of the yoke of corruption and the heavy shackles of graft that once kept them from action - are quite capable of picking up these trails as well.

And so when Roger Wolf Pads arrives by bus, carrying a blanket-wrapped bundle six feet tall and evidently heavy, and tells Jet and Ricky that they must come with him, the lawman voices no objection. This leaves only Jet, and Roger explains why he came. In a private hotel room, he unwraps his burden and shows the other Lunars what he brought: three bows, numerous arrows, and a collection of leaves, skins, and rocks.

"Jet," he says. "You called for aid in fighting your enemy, the men who peddle the white powder and other drugs. I come in answer to your dream. We will walk under the Moon. We will strike our blow."

"Thank you for coming," says Jet quietly. "But you saw my dream? How?" The Lunar has to wonder just how many other dreams that Roger has been able to see.

"The Lady's changing faces brought it to me," he says. "She has seen great kindness. Now her face turns toward blood and vengeance. It is her way. We will honor it."

"Then they will bleed," says the Full Moon. "It is only fitting since they have lived off blood so long."

Ricky listens to all this, then shrugs and laughs. "Okay, _amigos_," he grins. "When do we leave?"

---

Roger has gathered some of his stranger ingredients together and given small sacks to Ricky and Jet to wear: "medicine pouches," he calls them. He shows both of them the principles of the bow and arrow, which both Lunars more than adequately grasp. "For this hunt we will leave guns behind," he orders.

Jet recalls her last trip to Colombia. This time it's different, and during the rough ride down there, she sleeps and dreams. In her mind, howling beasts claw and tear, and her dream-world is an inky blackness shot through with wet crimson. The nightmares are savage enough, but they don't terrify her. She is bolstered by the instinct of the animal kingdom that lives in her heart, and during her dreams they whisper to her: _this is our way. This is ourselves. This is you._

The travelers arrived by bus. Now they watch it trundle down the road and away from them, loaded with the hopes and dreams of the bronze-skinned men, women and children aboard. Jet could smell their sweat and stink and fear as they rode. Lives, crammed together into a moving steel can, sent on an uncertain trip into the future. She looks up at the roof of the departing bus. There she sees the violet-eyed, white-haired Lunar who has been her avatar for half a year. Her thoughts go with them in a very real sense, it seems.

Now all that's left is the jungle. And for this the travelers shuck their human guises, tearing off the mask of civilization that hid their true natures for too long. They take to the sky, each in his or her own unique flying form. And they fly, and glide on the winds, and swoop and dive through the low-hanging clouds and the lush mists of the country of Colombia.

The Valle del Cauca Department is lush, and beautiful. It has regular roads and miles-long stretches of dirt paths. The FARC rebels have been active here for decades. Even in this age, travelers are told never to move about at night, and always to travel with a trusted local guide. The Pacific Ocean breathes its moist winds eastward across the jungles and forests, and the Sun's gaze warms everything it touches. Everything here feels alive, closer to reality than the faceless gray of concrete.

The hunt goes on past the coming of darkness, and eyes dark, piercing, and free of mercy scan the ground below. They dive under the canopy and breathe in the wind. The moon lights the sky and on they fly until finally they catch sight of their first quarry.

There is no need to speak when the group of soldiers comes into view. Jet can see the marks of station, and she remembers the stink of the man. He is the one. His friends, however, are unnecessary. Three birds swoop silently down and in moments, three men are unconcious and a fourth is pinned to a tree by the arrows of the Lunars. "Your life ends tonight," says Jet. "But how long it takes is up to you. We have all night."

It takes some time to convince the man, but the Lunars are patient and in the end death comes. The Lunars offer the glory of their hunt to the Silver Lady and once again move forward as one, tracking through this land as if they had always known it.

Ricky brings Jet's attention to one of the buildings. "Horses," he explains in a whisper. "They use them for different things. But I think our guys will go riding, too. They enjoy their leisure. _Comprende?_"

"I think I understand," replies Jet. She looks towards the building and pauses to think a moment. She doesn't know that she's had to kill a horse. "Well, shall we?"

The horses are handled quickly and quietly. The bodies are hidden with as much care as time allows. All that matters is that no one will notice until morning. By then, it will be too late.

Through the night and into the morning, the three Lunars wear the forms of the horses they slew. Through the night, Jet dreams of legionnaires and knights and cavalry of all ages, riding their mounts into battle. The horse is no tiger, able to swipe and claw. But it is noble and honorable. The partnership of man and horse extends to prehistory. Even in death, these animals were determined to serve a just cause.

Around noon, Jet hears the sound of approaching voices. Two men and a woman, escorted by guards armed with submachine guns, are approaching the stables. Jet and her Lunar allies are fitted and rigged for riding. Their 'masters' lead them out of the stables and mount up, digging into their flanks and guiding them off into the jungle.

The ride is a leisurely one, and the Lunars only risk is boredom. They wait and listen, to hear what their riders say. After an hour's ride, the Lunars pass a silent message amongst each other. It is time to act at last.

This pristine, relaxing ride is interrupted with a speed that is only outpaced by its violence. Horses become Lunars and turn on their riders with a burning rage. The Lunars throw them down and when they are satisfied, demand some answers.

Jet knows there is probably not too much time. A few hours at most. She begins simply, asking for names, ranks in the organization, and suppliers. Ask the most reasonable questions first, she reminds herself. She waits for an opening and begins to turn the conversation to her real interest. She wants to know more about the events surrounding the death of Timothy's parents, she wants to know the identity of the strange woman who cleansed his blood.

The three don't have much to say. At the mention of the Lecuona family, however, the woman tilts her head at the two men who came with her. "I will tell you," she says. "But not in front of them."

"Get rid of them," says Jet. She makes the command vague and leaves it to Roger and Ricky to decide exactly how permanently that is meant to be. "Now talk." The Full Moon is not patient.

"My name is Canhela," she says. "I knew that someone was investigating the Lecuona family. You met me 288 hours earlier than I predicted. I am quite surprised."

"Yeah, I'm like that," says Jet. "What do you know? Why did you want me to meet you, anyway? If you knew I was coming, you could have run."

"I am the reconstruction of an Alchemical named Rose Cutter," explains Canhela. "During her tenure, she was involved in the South American drug trade from a scientific perspective. I have her memories. Therefore I know what she did with Jesus Lecuona. However, she was not able to follow up on his case and track his progress long-term. You can provide me with the data that she failed to get."

"And why the hell would I do that?" asks Jet. "In case you have fallen a bit behind the times, I think I should tell you that my hope is take everyone one of you and melt you down for scrap."

"You lose nothing by providing me with the data I seek prior to doing so, correct?" asks Canhela. She has taken Jet's statement entirely at face value; it doesn't seem to faze her at all.

"Any aid given to you is a loss," replies Jet. "You are nothing more than a toaster with a voice. Your life and death are meaningless." She narrows her eyes and asks, "And do you know why?"

"Because you made it that way," says the Full Moon angrily. "You do not care if you live or die. You have made your life meaningless, and that makes you meaningless. You don't care if I destroy you or not. You have no passion, no desire, just a mindless purpose, no more than a rock."

"My life has a calculated value, that much is true." Canhela looks from Ricky to Roger to Jet. "It is our ideas that live beyond us. Rose's wish to know the boy's fate has been passed to me. When my time is up, it may pass to another. Other ideas will last beyond my lifetime."

"Ideas? Thought without love, without hunger, without emotion." Jet looks down at the woman with a frown. "So where did Rose go? Was she destroyed?"

"She was killed in a fight with a jaguar-man and his allies, a shapeshifter like yourselves. What was left was salvaged, and I was creaetd."

"Where is he now?" asks Jet. "And how long ago did he destroy her?" She'll have to make sure the next time she destroys one of these things that the job is done thoroughly.

"Why should I tell you?" asks Canhela. She stares dispassionately at Jet.

"So it is time to barter, then?" asks the Lunar. "You tell me what I need to know, and I will tell you. Then I will send you to the scrap heap permanently. It seems to make no difference to you."

Canhela shakes her head. "If I slew you now, your Spark would reincarnate. I am the same, after a fashion. We can kill each other until the end of time, and all that matters is knowledge. So now we fight a war of knowledge. Here is my attack."

"Rose Cutter was assigned to study the alteration of mental states through neurochemistry. What drugs affected human thinking and how. We were interested in analyzing the boundaries of identity. However, most of the interesting chemicals had addictive side-effects. To satisfy sensible scientific precaution, she developed a synthetic hemocyte to reset a subject's mental state to pre-experimental conditions when injected."

"She accompanied a 'hit' on a group of cartel customers, when another cartel was dominant in this country. During that time she found that the customers had been using her product on their child. She predicted that this would lead to developmental disorders and injected him with a self-sustaining colony of hemocytes, removing the drug from his system."

"She intended to track the progress of the hemocyte in undoing the long-term effects of his drug regimen. However, that experiment was cut short by her death."

"So all you want to know is how that child is doing?" asks Jet. "He is alive, and he has no chemical addiction or other problems. Is that it? Do you even know why you are asking?"

In answer, the woman begins to recite something. To Jet it sounds like mangled-up poetry, but as it progresses, she's able to make sense of it.

---

Long ago there was a fuse Long ago there was a fuse

It had been constructed with care It had been constructed with care

It stood valiantly and proudly It was shackled as a sacrifice

Between the current and the circuit Between the current and the circuit

The components of the circuit The components of the circuit

Respected the fuse and its purpose Respected the fuse and its purpose

But they did not truly appreciate it. But they did not truly appreciate it.

The fuse knew the current intimately The fuse knew the current intimately

For it conducted its energy For it conducted its energy

All the way to the circuit All the way to the circuit

The current was lover and ally The current was its sole comfort

But one day the current became too much But one day the current became too much

Its strength overpowered the fuse Its strength overpowered the fuse

Knowing the circuit was in danger, Unable to struggle against its bonds

The fuse sacrificed itself The fuse died as it had lived, a slave

It blew out, stopping the current It blew out, stopping the current

For a time, all was silent For a time, all was silent

Among the teeming pieces of the circuit Among the teeming pieces of the circuit

And then - life returned And then - life returned

But the fuse was gone But the fuse was gone

Another fuse now stands in its place Another fuse now stands in its place

No less diligent, no less brave No less imprisoned, no less a slave

The current still flows. The fuse waits The current still flows. The fuse waits

For its inevitable fate. For its inevitable fate.

It is proud. It has no hope.

---

"Do you understand?" the Alchemical woman asks. "You say 'meaning' and ask 'why'. But you don't understand where those things really come from. What matters is what is. Come closer, and look into my eyes. You will see what you wish to know."

"What are you protecting?" asks Jet. She moves closer, not afraid to look into the eyes of her enemy. "What is it you value? Knowledge? What of freedom?"

"You have all the freedom of the fuse," whispers the Alchemical. Her eyes change, rippling and transforming, and Jet sees that they have become stereoscopic screens. She is now looking through the eyes of her enemy, it seems. In the scene, the woman stands in a jungle. She is drawing a bead on several guerilla fighters wearing FARC uniforms. She fires a pistol repeatedly; several of them fall. Out of the jungle leaps an enormous furred shape - a jaguar. It knocks her over; Jet can see the sudden tilting of the 'camera' angle. There is fighting and tearing, and shouts in Spanish. Jet can hear the sounds of a mechanical buzzsaw. The scene begins to vibrate rapidly.

The jaguar's face becomes that of a swarthy South American man, grinning toothsomely down at his prey. He barks more orders in Spanish, telling his rebel allies to "cut her up slow an' good". Then he jerks away, disappearing out of the frame of vision. The scene goes dark.

"At least this time it is quick," says Jet quietly. The Lunar judges the bargain to be complete, and proves she is as good as her word. She brings her fist down with the power of a train, and with a crushing blow makes an end of it. "Until we meet again."