It is a nondescript bar in western Russia, much like countless others in that part of the world - and, indeed, abroad. It is busy enough for the air to be filled with chatter, but not enough to be crowded. The bartenders do a brisk trade in a mix of alcohols, and one occasionally shoots a curious glance to one particular table, set apart from where the majority of the patrons chose to spend their time. There, a foreign man sits. He's white-skinned, but difficult to place - probably mixed blood, and could be an American or from another European nation. He is obviously waiting for someone - or, perhaps, something - because he sits with no drink upon the table before him. A lit cigarette is held absently in his left hand, and every now and then he takes a drag. The other hand, he raps impatiently on his table's less-than-pristine surface.

A short while passes, and another man, a native Russian, enters. He carries locked, expensive-looking suitcase of shiny metal. He glances nervously about the bar, before a wave from the already-seated foreigner brings him scurrying over. They hold a short conversation in subdued tones, and the curious bartender is sure he sees a wad of cash change hands. And then they leave.

---

Outside, the foreigner is not feeling very happy, in spite of the substantial sum resting in his suit pocket. He drops his cigarette to the ground, stubbing it out with his boot, and speaks in unaccented - yet not native - Russian. "Keep quiet. Keep your head down. Don't distract me. Fail to do one of those things, and you're walking to the drop point. Got it?" In response, the Russian who accompanied him from the bar nods vigorously. The foreigner sighs, and goes to the driver seat of a yellow 2007 Shelby Cobra GT500.

He halts, glancing over at his Russian soon-to-be passenger, who is headed towards the front passenger seat. "Back seat." It's not a request. The foreigner then produces a brown paper bag, and tosses it to the passenger, who overbalances catching it and stumbles on the gravel. "You're going to need that," the foreigner informs him flatly, ignoring the clumsiness. They get into the car, and it speeds away.

Uneventful hours have passed, and the Cobra roars along the M1 highway. The foreigner glances pack at his passenger, whose nerves have calmed into a kind of tightly-wound fretting. This is a dangerous mission, the driver knows. His passenger is a member of Solntsevskaya, the prominent Russian mafia organisation rumoured to be headed by Sergei Mikhailov, and the driver is taking him into the care of American criminals. Solntsevskaya has been trying for years to muscle in on the American underworld, which understandably upset most of the mafia groups already established there. A kind of cold war was in action, where Russian groups would make bids and the Americans would do their best to stop them. The foreign driver doesn't know what was in his passenger's case - is _paid_ not to know, in fact - but is willing to bet that Solntsevskaya doesn't want the Americans to find out.

Moments later, the foreigner's doubts are justified. A black car, windows tinted too dark to make out the driver's face, is approaching at speed from behind the Cobra. Ahead, an identical vehicle merges into the highway. It has begun. Submachine fire rakes ineffectually across one side of the Cobra, deflected by the bulletproof glass and body of the car. A yelp sounds from the back seat. "Hold on," the driver grits out, and the Cobra accelerates. With a wrench of the wheel, the foreigner deftly cuts two lanes of traffic, putting the cars there between him and the gunfire. The two black cars pick up their speed to match, drawing closer and attempting to converge on the Cobra from both sides.

The Cobra's driver reaches into his glovebox, pulling free a large silver gun - the Israeli-manufactured weapon is immediately recognisable. It's a .50AE Desert Eagle. The driver-side window comes down with the press of a button, and the foreigner draws a bead on the wheels of the first black car, managing to steer skillfully in spite of his split attention. A trio of deafening shots sound out, and the car slews out of control, both wheels on one side pierced. It careens into the car behind, flipping over it's roof and crashing down behind. One down.

There's an audible wet splatter from behind, and the driver spares a look in the mirror, back at his passenger. _At least he's using the bag._ And then eyes are ahead again, to the delicate game of cat-and-mouse between the Cobra and remaining black car. More gunfire rattles out from the submachine gun, and the foreigner feels a wheel pop. He wrestles with the steering, but the car must slow in spite of his efforts - it cannot maintain such a pace with a busted wheel. Ahead, another pair of black cars peel into the highway. _Shit._ There's also tanker ahead, and the Cobra moves to align itself a distance behind and to one side of it - a shield against some of the incoming fire.

The last car from the first pair closes the distance on its hamstringed prey easily, slamming into the Cobra's side. The foreigner cannot slam back; he's too busy just holding steady to do so. The two newly-arrived cars slow their pace to pull alongside, and open fire - a clean line is stitched, ruthlessly, along the side of their compatriot, and the car ceases jostling with the Cobra to fall back, wounded. More fire rakes along the Cobra, but is not deflected as before - the rounds punch straight through the car's body, and the Cobra's driver glimpses assault weaponry in use. _Expensive toys. I guess they're really pulling out all the stops on this one._

A final burst sounds out, and then the assault rifles run dry. A few rounds slam into the tanker, but many more shoot through the Cobra - an angry whine tells the driver just how close some come. There's a muffled cry from the passenger, and a quick glance reveals why. One of the rounds has passed clean through his shoulder - blubbering, the man grasps at his wound. A hand unlatches the glovebox, and the driver tosses back a roll of bandage. As their gunmen reload, the pair of black cars remaining drop behind the Cobra, holding position there. _If they open fire from back there, I'm done for._

And then, it happens. Startled by the bullets that found their way to his truck, the tanker's driver slams on the brakes. It slews, out of control, a distance in front of the Cobra and its foes. The three cars close distance, too close now to come to a stop. The tanker, now directly before them, flips. _Oh, shit._

The body of the tanker scrapes over the Cobra's front seats, taking the roof with it. And it crashes down an instant too soon; the rear of the car is crushed and torn free, the driver's passenger killed along with it. And then, two heavy impacts as the black cars slam into the tanker, instantly killing all those within. The remaining half of the Cobra, driver within, skates along the freeway and eventually comes to a stop. A few seconds pass, and the driver - tattered suit and all - forces his door open and levers himself free, favouring one leg. _Passenger dead. Car totaled._ He says - screams - one word, and it is in English. "Damnit!"

The driver limps over to what's left of the Cobra and leans in, fishing about for his weapon. He finds it and hobbles over to the truck, still flaming from a moment ago. After a moment, he walks away, disgusted. _No chance of getting the case from under that._ And then, just as the foreigner is walking away, the final black car arrives. It pulls to a stop a short distance away, and two men step out - one with a submachine gun, the other clutching a GLOCK 22. Yelling, the two start running toward the driver that thwarted their companions, weapons aimed and ready.

These men may have followed their quarry all the way from Bolshaya Pokrovskaya Street. They may have picked him up later. No matter. They are here now, and they present an insurmountable problem. Curious, then, why ideas about how they will fail come to mind. That bullet which lodged in the engine block, for example, may even now be sending a fiery finger toward the gas tank of their car. The dead passenger's suitcase may be a bomb which will take them out. An ignition of the fuel spreading outwards across the ground from the damaged Cobra or the tanker. A thousand possibilities swarm through his consciousness. And a voice, like a stray thought - _Choose_.

As one thread of possibility passes by, the driver grasps at it. _Yes! This one!_ The end unfolds in his mind, and a moment behind it does likewise in reality. A low hiss escaping from the tanker draws his would-be executioner's eyes, and the driver takes a step backwards. The spilt fuel, the tanker; they ignite, and the force of the explosion lifts the driver from his feet and throws him back. Incredibly, he lands on-balance, albeit with a slight stumble. The same cannot be said for his two last opponents; they collapse, broken, upon the hard road's surface. Both necks are snapped, this the driver somehow knows with certainty.

The driver approaches the two slain men, and rifles through pockets. _May as well get something for my efforts._ He extracts a pair of wallets, taking the cash and then flipping them back onto their late owner's corpses. He returns to the remains of his Cobra, and takes the only thing remaining in the glovebox - a zipped-shut case of cash, which he adds his plundered money to. Enough for the road.

And then it's to the side of the road, shivering in the cold of autumn in Russia. The driver walks along towards Moscow, signaling hopefully to passing cars and mulling over what has occurred.

---

The car that comes to a stop for the menacing stranger is a sporty red sedan, a Mazda3 with two women inside. One lounges in the back seat, while the driver powers down the window and leans over, exposing her charms inadvertently through her half-buttoned top as she does. "Hi there," she calls in Russian. "Do you need a lift, friend?"

"You know," the driver says wryly with a slight grin, "that sounds like a fantastic idea." He walks around to the car's passenger-side door and hops in, rubbing his hands together for warmth once seated. "Thank you."

"What's your name?" The woman smiles pleasantly, as she leans back into her seat and reaches for the stick-shift. And at her words, the man comes to realize something. The name he was born to, the one on his birth records, the one his mama and papa and friends might have called him, the name he might have answered to at school, was just an alias. It was just another false identity, the sort of thing he might obtain as a forged passport.

The car accelerates, pressing him back into the seat. An alias - but then what _is_ his name?

"I-" and he stops, a mix of confusion - and, yes, well-managed fear - is upon his face. For a moment, the man is silent. He reaches into a pocket and pulls out a packet of cigarettes, resting one in his mouth. He lights it, taking a long inhalation and calming his features. "It doesn't matter. How far towards Moscow are you headed?"

"Oh, all the way," the woman answers with a flash of a smile. She reaches over, pulling a cigarette out of the same pack. The woman in the back chuckles unpleasantly; out of the corner of his eye, the newly-anonymous courier can see she is wearing sunglasses, and has her hair slicked back.

The courier flicks open his Zippo nimbly, touching the flame to the cigarette of the Mazda's driver. He glances at the woman in the back uneasily, and shifts in his seat. "Good," he says at length, but his tone is at odds with the proclamation.

"Now, back to my question." She takes a drag, gesturing with the cigarette over her shoulder at her companion. "What is your name?" Her tone has adopted a degree of tension.

"I'm not sure," the man replies. "There was an accident. My car was ruined." That much, at least, is true. Let her think that he's still recovering. It's certainly plausible - but something unquestionable tells the man who spoke it that it is not the case. _At least it makes for an explanation._

"So we saw," the woman in back mutters. The Mazda's driver just laughs. "Well, you certainly have had a trying day. Your client dead, your job a failure, your car a wreck. What a hassle."

A hand flashes into his jacket, and clutches the grip of the Desert Eagle. His eyes narrow, but he does not draw. "Who are you people? Who do you work for?"

"Don't bother, it's empty," the woman in back mutters, disdainfully. The driver laughs again. "You work for us, rather. That is the choice. You can accept our employment, or you can accept the end that Fate left for you back there on the road - being gunned down and forgotten."

"We are sisters, of a sort. Our names are Journeys and Battle."

The man pulls his gun out and checks it. Empty, as she said. _How?_ he wonders. And then, _Fate? Is that what I felt?_ He returns the firearm to his jacket. "Employment or death, then." It's a threat he's received many times, and even had to take up on one or two jobs before. But now, the threat of death is lent finality by what he has experienced. He chuckles. "When do I start?"

"You already have," the woman called Journeys says, and smiles again. The churn of the Mazda's engine fills the silence, until she speaks again. "You are an agent of Fate now. Because you were exceptional, you were Chosen. Because you wished to live, as well. The power to alter things - to find the Paradise that this world can become - is now in your hands."

"So. What is your name?"

"My name..." the man murmurs. Something resounds within him. "My new name. Journeys."

"All of us have names," Journeys says gently. "Whether it is a new name or old, whether you are given it or not, you have it. You have lost your old name. You must now choose a new one."

"Choose a name, eh?" The man falls silent briefly. "Okay then. I'm Jack."

"Nice to meet you, Jack," says Journeys brightly. And the next thing he knows, a hard impact on the back of his head - Battles, with the butt of a pistol perhaps - sends him into unconsciousness.

---

The rest is a blur. Jack finds himself awake, sitting in a comfortable, leather-backed reclining chair. He's in a room with bookshelves on every wall. The smell of tobacco pervades the room. As his eyes come into focus, he finds himself sitting near to a desk, and at the desk is a man smoking a pipe.

There are no bindings, no rope. His head is a bit sore, but otherwise he is in full health. His host smiles graciously.

With a rub to the back of his head, Jack takes a slow look about the room. Eventually, he focuses on the man seated at the desk. "Is this how you induct all your employees," he asks, "or am I just lucky?"

"No, this is pretty much _de rigeur_, I'm afraid." The man pulls his pipe from his mouth and rises, coming round the desk. "Can I offer you brandy, Mr. ..err?"

"Jones, I'm sure," is the reply. "And please."

"Jones." The man smiles broadly, exposing white teeth. "My name is Hel. As much of an alias as 'Jones', since I've undergone the same thing you have. Here you are, sir." He has poured two glasses, and presents one. "We are a small organization, but a very important one. First, I am sure you would like a few points clarified. If you will permit me?"

"Go right ahead," Jack replies as he takes the glass, then pats down his pockets with the spare hand. He pulls out the packet of cigarettes and pulls one out with his mouth. He swallows a mouthful of brandy, and then the first drag.

"Regardless of your thinking on the matter, gods, goddesses, and magical beings do exist. You, sir, have joined their ranks by your election to stay alive. In particular, you are one of the Exalted - one of the _Sidereal_ Exalted. Chosen to weave Fate and empowered to nudge destiny as required. Over the next several days, you will notice some peculiarities. I warn you of them ahead of time to avert any, ah, incidents." Hel ticks off items on his fingers. "You can see the stars in the sky, whether or not it is daytime. Your own eyes will reflect stars, in fact, if examined too closely. Have a care here. You will feel a loss of identity - this is a natural consequence of your state. But you must become accustomed to being, if you will forgive me, a nobody."

"Finally, and most importantly, you will begin to feel things. Impulses, inclinations, drives, voices - the form is inconsequential. These urgings are what we call the Path of Paradise. Essentially, Mr. Jones, you will feel, step by step, the road of deeds which you must follow. You will find it very uncomfortable to diverge from the path for long."

Jack lets out a long whistle. "You know, if I hadn't felt... Fate... on the highway back there, I'd be convinced of your insanity." He takes an inhalation, and exhales a cloud of smoke. "As it is, I'm merely entertaining it as a possibility."

In response, Hel takes a small mirror from his desk and extends it. "I have already spoken about the changes to your eyes," he says. "Take whatever steps you require to satisfy yourself that you are not wearing contact lenses."

Jack takes the mirror and looks into it. A long moment passes, and he blinks slowly, then rubs his eyes. "Yellow." He shakes his head incredulously, passing the mirror back. "Okay. Anything else I should know?"

"Refinements of the basics I have just explained," Hel answers calmly. "An education in the rudiments of magic and astrology. Self-defense training. History, theology, cosmology, theodiplomacy, psychology and psychomechanics. All these things will be taught to you."

"Your role will be up to you, for the most part. You will coordinate with our overall organization to achieve goals. Beyond those goals, your time is your own. Now, do you have any questions?"

"Yeah," Jack replies, draining his glass. "Just one, for the moment. What kind of goals does the organisation expect me to aid in?"

"We are saving the world," Hel replies, smiling. "We are going to achieve Paradise on Earth. The Path you walk now will take you to the next step, for you, in achieving that end. Some of our more senior members will instruct you based on their own perceptions, planning, education, or experience. You will find that you are aware of the greater good, and your own place in it. Your goals, for the most part, are supplied by this instinctive drive. You will _know_, Mr. Jones, what is the right thing to do. To stray from the Path of Paradise and not perform your part in achieving that is what will cost you. Not punishments or reprimands from this organization."

"Lofty ambitions," Jack comments idly. _The man seems to mean what he says, though. The eyes, the highway. I want to know more._ He rises, setting down the empty glass. "Thank you, Hel. I am ready to be educated."

Hel nods. "Then we will start by creating you a few new selves..."