It's Sunday afternoon, and Jet has invited Benford to her club for some conversation. On this day, the stage is mostly silent. There are some minor renovations taking place. A single bartender is on duty, taking inventory as part of the sale agreement. Generally speaking, the club's purpose is fairly obvious. At least to those who know what a strip club looks like.

Jet sits with Benford near the stage, a serious expression on her face. "I know this is probably a bit strange, since we don't know each other very well yet, but I need someone to talk to. Someone with a straight head, who doesn't know me well enough to have a bias, but someone who is going through at least some of the things I have. I hope that isn't too strange."

Benford glances around the room, wary, but more confused than frightened. Without the girls on stage, it could be just another bar; however, it's a far cry from the staid beer gardens near CERN, or the crowded public house from Yarmouth. In those places, drinking is a private, almost medicinal procedure. Jet's lair has little in common with either. "It's all strange," he says, finally. "But not too strange." His gaze wanders back to the young woman in front of him. "I'm at your service, miss." It's something he's said before; about the only thing he could think of to say.

"I'm not sure exactly how to start, now that it's come to it," admits Jet. "Ever since this change, the people that used to be my friends have seen me differently. I see people and I know that if I want to, I can draw them into my life. I can make them part of my family. What I don't know is why I do this, or if it is right." The Lunar's eyes flick towards Benford for a moment, then back to the empty stage, "With some, I know that I'm making their lives better. Becca was going to hurt herself. Timothy's father was an addict. The others were wayward, and they had no real future. I suppose what I'm asking is, is this right?"

Benford nods, and thinks a moment. "Well, I think you can take some comfort that you care enough to ask about right and wrong. So far you've been reaching out to people that had obvious problems in their lives. Did you ever do that before the change - before you met your Lady?"

"Not to this extent," admits Jet. "I was barely able to take care of myself. You wouldn't have recognized me on the streets. I did some very bad things." She meets Benford's eyes and says, "And I will do some very bad things still. I am what I am. But this time, I will try to make at least some lives better. I have come up with something of a code to guide myself. I figure if I can live by it, I'll be doing alright."

"You've been through a lot of pain, that's clear," the scientist observes. "I think that may be one of the reasons you were chosen, but I don't think that's the only reason." He pauses to choose his next words. "This is a damn ugly world we live in, isn't it," he asks.

"It is, and that's something I'm trying to figure out," says Jet. "You see, my world isn't the world that nice people live in. The people who work in nice clothes, and go home to their wives or husbands and families aren't in the world I dwell in. What I've decided is that those people are in that world and shouldn't be hurt until they step into my world. In my world, what I can do is what I have the right to do. While that may sound horrible to those from that other world, I think you can see my logic." She swirls her drink in front of her before taking a long drink, "I just want to give the nice people the freedom to live safe and unaware of the darkness that lurks outside."

Benford says, "I think you've got most of your code already, then. But that's not the ugly part. The ugly part is that there are people that can't avoid drifting into your world - at the risk of sounding like Hel, the path of their lives leads inevitably into the shadows... though they need not stay there." He sighs. "I'm going to make a guess. You were one of those people, weren't you? You didn't start out on the dark side. Something pushed you here. That's why patrolling the boundaries, playing tigress to the stray cubs, is so important to you."

"I suppose that is true," says Jet. "Like the girls that dance here, I wanted to profit from the wild without paying the price. But the wild always will have its price in the end. Whether it drives you to dependency or depression or drowns you in the realization that you have done nothing but lived a fantasy your whole life matters little. The wild is for the strong, because it kills anyone else. I have pity for those who simply dabble, though. They are jittery, afraid. They can be driven back to that other world. Or they can die before they turn back."

Benford signals the bartender, asks for a glass of water. "Do you really think it's as radical as that? What about the girl who dances here to put herself through nursing school, never touches junk or turns a trick? Not everyone is going to dive into the 'wild', as you call it. Some of those dabblers will know their limits; and if they don't, there are just as many opportunities for them to get hurt out in Picket Fence land as there are in the Tenderloin." He takes a sip. "Might I make a confession?"

"The girl who puts herself through nursing school like this is only a little more common than a unicorn," replies Jet. "But yeah, some pull back, that's true." She sighs as the waitress walks away. "And feel free to confess. I'll add my own after yours, if you like. I don't much see a point in keeping a ton of secrets when there's a pretty good shot we won't be alive in a year."

Benford raises an eyebrow. "Alright, first thing, then. I believe we will be alive in a year. If you'd asked me a year ago, when I was still in the wheelchair, I was sure I'd be dead then. Before we were Chosen, I was so obsessed with my work, I took a lot of risks, broke a few big laws, the kinds of things that no responsible scientist would ever do. And," he continues, lowering his voice, "If it had gone quite wrong, fifty thousand people would have died. Yet I don't believe that I would have been Chosen otherwise."

Benford finishes his glass. "It didn't seem real to me at the time, either, I guess. It was just another experiment, a combination of theories and instruments and data. I think my point is this: whether we're talking about one life at a time, or a city, or the entire world, someone has to do what we do. So here's your code, then: You've been given the responsibility; claim the right. Draw the lines between innocents and fair game based on the choices that they've made, and let them sow as they reap. I think we'll all be doing the same."

"That's exactly what I have in mind," says Jet. She turns back to something Newton said earlier, as well. "And while you risked lives, I have taken them. It is an unhappy story, but in one day I lost one of my best friends, and to avenge her death, I killed her murderer. That murderer was another of my best friends, and they were twin sisters." She frowns. It's fairly obvious that is not what she meant to confess. "I think it is only fair that my revelation be as important as yours. I appreciate your honesty too much to insult it."

Benford is silent for a long moment. "Well," he says finally. "I'm sorry. It seems that this is a lesson you've already learned." And a few moments later, "I think my mother would like you."

Jet laughs softly, shaking her head. "I haven't met many mothers that like me, really. Not that I blame them. It's the price of being what I am. Now more than ever, I must be willing to pay the price." She empties her drink just in time to get another, and she watches the bartend walk away with a curious little smirk. "I think I'm going to pick her up, as well. She's one of the good kids. Oh, and I understand a lot of things changed for you. I mean, when you took a deal kinda like my own. Have you tried much? I know we're different, but I can't imagine you haven't experienced it."

Benford chuckles. "For a minute there I thought you were talking about having tried much alcohol." Then, more seriously, "Not a hell of a lot, come to think of it. I spar with Jack quite often, and he always wins. Hel's sent me to do some elementary defiant trespass. Most of what I've tries is up here," he taps his head. "Although as we noticed in New York, I now seem to be quite hard to kill. How about you? I've never seen anyone move like you did when fighting the thing on the motorcycle." While he keeps his tone even, there's a glint in his eye: the stuffy scientist is intrigued, and trying not to let it show.

"Well, it's strange," says Jet. She rises smooth, and slips out of her leather jacket. She's actually dressed like a dancer. The neckline is fortunately very high, but the suit is form-fitting and will not get in her way. She settles her hands on the stage and leans forward, pushing herself up on her hands, and then slowly and smoothly lifts herself into a hand-stand. "I could never do this before. Now it's easy. And that's not all."

Benford drags his seat closer to the stage, sits, crosses one leg over the other. "You've got a captive audience, miss." _Damn. Could I do that?_

Jet hand-springs to her feet and then immediately leaps up into a twisting backflip. She lands straight into the splits, hitting the stage hard, but it doesn't phase her. "I'm used to that," confesses Jet. "I used to dance at a club like this, and I mean to dance at this one, too." She again raises herself with her hands, holding her legs out, toes pointing out, just like a gymnast. But few gymnasts can do the rest of her trick. She again lifts herself into a handstand, but her legs stay parallel to the stage the whole time, until she finishes her little demonstration by raising them first directly towards the ceiling, and then arches them back until her heels stretch past her shoulders and then her feet touch the floor with her head sticking still between them. "You have no idea how much I'm going to pull in on tips when I do this in front of a crowd."

Benford is dumbstruck. He can swear he hears tendons creaking, even over the background noise of the club; or maybe it's just his imagination filling in from expectation. "Good Lord. Hey, do you always need both hands?"

Jet shakes her head, and shifts her weight slowly, using just her left hand to hold herself now. She runs her right hand through her hair and laughs a bit. "What's weird is how comfortable this is. I feel like I could go farther, too." She tries to explain it without it being disgusting, "There are times when I feel like I can mold my flesh, I mean without changing completely as I normally do."

Benford grins. "You've got more than just the sembelence of a cat to you, then." And suddenly he stands, pulls a coin from his pocket, and flips it off his thumb towards the woman's free hand. It's all one smooth motion, from the chair, to his feet, to the gold American dollar coin arcing through the air, the bright stage lights flashing off the metal disc as it spins, tracing a ray of bright, brassy light in the air.

Jet seems to like the trick, and not only catches it, but sends the coin dancing across her knuckles, the glint of gold flashing until she claims it in her palm. "If I were dressed more properly for the stage I wouldn't be using a hand to collect my tips," she teases. "Let me kinda.. show you what I mean about that moulding." She concentrates, focusing. Her calves settle against her chest now, her legs straining farther and farther, and impossibly her feet come around her arms and for just a moment, settle on her shoulders in a display that is likely a bit on the disgusting side. Jet makes sure to maintain it only for a moment, not wanting the bartender to catch a glimpse of that one. "Now that feels really, really weird!"

"It's alright, I'm too repressed to tip you properly anyway," Benford quips, sitting on the edge of the stage; during the evening this would be a fatal breach of etiquette, but he figures the bouncers will understand that the boss gets chummy as she pleases. "And that can't feel as wierd as it looks. Medically, it's almost impossible." He takes a closer look.

Benford leans back; looking at it as a physician, it doesn't appear to be in violation of the laws of physics, merely of common sense. "I'm impressed, Jet. You could teach the Shanghai Acrobats a thing or two about their trade, and they've been training since childhood."

Benford props his chin in his hand. "I've a favor to ask. Will you teach me how to dance?"

Jet unwinds herself once more. She does it all slowly, showing her complete control. In the end, she's settled by Newton, comfortably resting on her knees. "I can teach you," she answers. "It'd be fun, actually. Not this kind of dance, though! Nothing personal, but I think a more refined dance suits you better." She's quite incorrigible at times.

Benford can't help but laugh; it comes out explosively, nearly a bark. "You're right about that. I don't have the pecs for that kind of work anyway." And then, serious again; the scientist is most comfortable when talking shop. "I wanted to ask something about Timothy, as well. He's off the charts in terms of mathematical ability, but... living with people like us is going to be hard on him. He'll need some kind of routine, some sembelance of a normal life. I can tutor him; I suppose I can tutor any of your friends, or yourself, if there's something you'd care to learn. But as you yourself said, he's not a walking pocket calculator. We have some decisions to make, _in loco parentis._ Emphasis on the loco."

"He's my responsibility," Jet answers. It just comes automatically. "And I don't mean that he's been forced on me. At first it felt weird, but the longer he's been with me, the more comfortable it gets. I would like to see him get tutoring, and I think of all people, you know best what it's like for him. I was never very good in school. I can only encourage him, and pay attention to him." She frowns as she admits, "I couldn't give two shits about most people outside our house, but I find myself caring quite a bit about those who are close to me. If I could just pull in two more people, I think it'd be perfect. But I'm not a kid. I don't have hope of being that lucky."

Benford nods. "I understand. It's easier to try to save the world than to save a single child. Someday I'll understand why. But there's more to it than that. What if we established a private homeschool for Timothy, and Becca, and whatever others we may encounter? It will provide an anchor for them; something to bond to when we're off living our lives at full throttle. That way, they also get the best education possible, and can be as close to us as fate allows." He inspects the tips of his loafers, uncertain how Jet will react. "Think of it like Hogwarts. Or perhaps the School for Gifted Youngsters, but I don't think that's as apt, unless Exaltation is contagious."

"Considering the cost, I hope it's not catching," says Jet. "But that sounds like a pretty clever idea. That whole Hogwarts thing is pretty big now." She doesn't sound like she knows the stories very well, even if she has seen movies. "I hope you aren't going to make me wear a pointy hat, though I definitely can do some of their best tricks. What is that word? Animagus. That's what they call people with my peculiar gifts. Seriously, though, I like that idea. I want all those that I draw together to be close. They will need each other."

"I... haven't read them, I don't know," Benford sheepishly admits. "I undertand the sentiment, though. It will be a place for your family, and for my part, I've always thought that education is the antidote for many of the poisons of the world. But it has to be the right kind. Mere scholasticism - shovelling facts around without passion - is no good." He grins. "I wasn't sure you'd like the idea. I'm encouraged that you do." He stands, picks up his glass. "Some of history's best plans were made on cocktail napkins. Let me buy you a drink and we'll get started!"

Jet slips down from the stage with her usual grace. "I think you will make a fun Dumbledore," she says. "And I look forward to helping you make this little project a reality, Newton. I'm really very pleased to have someone who is interested in helping my growing family."