Xin watches the countryside through the tinted oval of a Greyhound window. By now, the excitement in Mexico is little more than a memory, pushed aside for the time being by other ones--older, more intense ones. Watching America go past takes Xin back to Hong Kong, as a child, sitting in a run-down movie theater with his sister and her boyfriend. _I remember she'd take me there when mom and dad were busy, she said it'd keep me out of trouble._

In a dreamlike haze, Xin recalls his parents, ever-harried, ever-working in an effort to support their family. "We can barely afford you children, nevermind someone else to watch out for you. So, watch your younger brother." _She watched out for me all those years. I guess it's my turn now._ The stuntman snaps himself back to reality, or at least what passes for it these days. He's headed towards Georgia, once again towards the last place his sister disappeared. _Only now I have help._ He thinks on Sarah, his... assistant. It's a strange thing, having someone else in your mind.

There is a silent conversation between Xin and Sarah for a portion of the trip, witht he symbiote demanding more and more about his sister. _She was kind of a tomboy. She would hang around with the other boys from school. She said she got along better with them. She didn't want to be prissy. I think she liked the attention._ Later on, as Colorado passes them by... _Well of course we fought, all brothers and sisters fight. She had this way of making you feel like you weren't even there. It was infuriating. But we stuck together, right up 'til the end. You know I got her into kung-fu._

As Xin explains this to Sarah, he drifts back along memory lane. The little kung-fu school, tucked in beside two other stores near where his parents worked. He begged for lessons until his parents gave in... with the condition that his sister had to take him there and back. This meant he would have to find her making out with her boyfriend when lessons were over and head back home. At least, until Xin was much much better at it. It was his first tournament... his sister was the only one there to cheer him on. He didn't win, but after seeing her little brother up there, well, she had to give it a try. _Mostly this gave us another way to fight. But still, it was something we did together. No boyfriends, no friends, nobody, just us two._

_She didn't start getting into trouble until she was older. She started going around with 'unsavory' sorts. I'd best not go into detail, but one time she caught me trying to steal for Johnny Liu--he was in a gang see, and wanted me to try and join up--and she hauled me back home, and then turned him in to his mom. I kept my nose as clean as I could after that._ Xin shrugs back into the seat, uncomfortable and tired from going from bus to bus, and now, at last, he's back where his sister was, the last time she wrote. He has, however, done two things differently. For one, he's not announced his visit this time. Secondly, he's come with more experience and a fresh perspective on things. _Sarah, you'll let me know if you pick up on anything odd while we look around, won't you?_

"Of course, Mr. Lao," Sarah replies politely, her 'voice' sounding dainty and sunny.

_Good. Let's look around._ Xin meanders down towards where his sister was to have stayed, and unannounced, and unexpected, he drops in on his distant relatives.

Xin's methods of searching, while not the most elegeant, do play to his strengths. He doesn't have Poe's sense of how it all fits together or Benford's eye for details... but he does have a pretty powerful personality. He has been in enough movies to get a feel for how people react to each other--or how body language conveys more than most people would think. It is in these observations and the reatcions to his questions he'll hope to find his sister.

For starters, there's his second cousin Johanna, or Chia-Hui, depending on who her audience is at the time. She was mentioned in the last letter Xin received, and he's eager to know what his sister was doing here. He speaks eagerly and earnestly, showing concern and asking things that he is sure to mention won't get her in any trouble. They're just simple questions, after all. And he watches, watches her for any signs of uneasiness, or who she turns to look for guidance to when Xin asks something that's not so easy to answer. "Did she say where she'd come from, where she was going? Anything like that?"

There were other people mentioned in the letter. Xin's search has him tracking down as many as he can, asking quietly, almost apologetically at first if anyone can remember his sister. No? She looked rather slender, had dark hair, very distinct family resemblence...

It takes him the better part of a few days, but eventually Xin has at least tracked down everyone mentioned in his sister's letter. He currently sits in an undercooled motel room, poring over the notes he's taken on what he's learned so far, and speaking with Sarah about anything she thinks might be going on around here. He has a few leads, for now, and only time and effort will tell how they shall pan out.