Once again the Exalted take to the road. From Atlanta, they head north toward Nashville, then follow back roads westward, paralleling I-40 as much as possible while avoiding the Interstate itself - although in the lonely stretches past the Mississippi, the highway is as good a road as any other. Their destination: San Francisco's All-Stars.

The last Poe had heard, the West Coast's Sidereals had arranged, through a pet FBI agent, to have the attack on his house declared a Federal matter, and then forgotten; this was done as part of the arrangements they made to have Poe 'disappear' from official notice. Now the time has come for Poe to find out what the police had learned before the FBI put the case on the back burner.

This isn't their only task in San Francisco, of course. For starters, the West Coast group needs to be brought up to date on the latest threat to the Exalted here on Earth; but of even greater personal importance, Jet wants to make sure that her new 'family' is safe and sound.

After several days of long driving, including the vast stretches of empty desert in New Mexico and Arizona, the group finally reaches Oakland, and crosses the San Francisco Bay Bridge. Though not as picturesque and famous as its sister, the Golden Gate, the Bay Bridge carries vast amounts of Bay Area commuters every day - and after the events of New York, the crew finds themselves nervous surrounded by the big city once more.

---

Luther Blissett and Barry exchange wary glances, while Mary looks on with one lip caught between her teeth. Meyer just smiles amiably. The other Celestials watch, feeling the undercurrent of tension. At last Meyer attempts to break the ice. "So glad you're back, my friends," he says. "We heard about whathappened in New York."

"Cut the crap," says Jet. "I want to know what the hell is going on." The Full Moon crosses her arms and does something that isn't just an impression of a very displeased demi-god. "What are we dealing with? You guys have to know something. I don't much like having to put large dents in insurance companies just to stay in one piece."

Jack nods. "We fought. What have you done about it?"

Barry shrugs. "We--" He's cut off by Luther, who turns to Jet. "Do you think their eyes are any more open than mine? You think they have foresight I lack?" he demands. "The best of us - the very best, chosen by the Maidens themselves to guide the future - saw only 'danger'. We knew nothing. What have _you_ done, besides fight and growl?"

Poe raises a placating hand. "All right, all right. This is getting us nowhere," he says. "We _did_ come here to do more than compare notes. The attempts on Benford's life and ours are not the only unexplained attacks faced by us." He turns to Mary. "As you recall, I myself was attacked, just before I Exalted. Mary and Jet intervened to save me... and then you arranged to have me go undercover and the investigation postponed."

"That was good enough then," continues Poe. "But now... I want to revisit that incident. If you could find me, just before my Exaltation, perhaps the Others could as well. If the attack on me was part of their plan, I'd like to know about it." He shrugs. "And if not... if it was just some enemies of Andrew Morgan, upset about his mundane investigations of them, then I'd at least like to have one less enemy to worry about."

Barry sighs quietly. "It's as Mr. Blissett says, really. We don't have any supernatural insight to offer. We're not perfect, and that's just how it is."

Morgan nods. "Nor are we. But before I head back to Seattle, I'd like to know what I'm going into. What did the cops find out? What leads do we have? The FBI agent who arranged for me to be on record as under witness protection... what can he tell us? The cops must've already gone over my place with a fine-tooth comb, and I want to know what they picked up."

Mary brightens; now Poe is treading on familiar ground for her. "Yes, I can brief you about that. Come this way.."

Xin watches the one group confer with the other. Though it does take a while, he manages to puzzle out most of what it is he doesn't know, and the slightlu confused expression fades into the background. "Well, while they're talking about the police, maybe you guys can tell us if you know how to find out more about this thing that was found on one of the washing machine robot's bodies?" There is a momentary, 'I cannot believe I have just said that' look in his eyes. It passes. He's getting used to it these days.

"It was some kind of object that attached itself to Poe. Or at least it did after he found it. I think it wants to communicate with him. Or turn him into some kind of hybrid robot-human organism. It seems to be trying to want him to harmonize with it..." It is at this point that Xin explains to the others a little more about what he means, trying not to get too long-winded.

Barry and Luther both know nothing about what Xin describes, though they seem intensely interested in the general idea. They in particular want to know the source of the "hybrid organism" theory.

Xin admits the origin of the "hybrid organism" theory. "Well, it happens in the movies, see... but I heard them saying that these things took the shape of what was around them. So one of the things that crossed my mind, was, if this wants to harmonize with Poe, or vice versa... it might know enough to take on an organic form, or his. I don't know, I can't say I know too much about these."

"In other words, we have as little data about this thing as we do much else," concludes Barry with a frown. "I can't say that we know anything, but we'll help as much as we can."

Jet's had enough talking with the Sidereals. She makes a point of putting some distance between herself and the others. The tiger in her is rumbling. She should have retaliated when challenged. The wolf is growling, as well. There is no patience in her. She feels a building rage and need. The hunt. It screams for her. She has been running too long.

Jet glances at a doorway. Passing by it is the feral woman-animal she has seen in dreams. Its mouth is curled back in a sneering smile, revealing fangs. Nestled in the crook of one elbow is White Rabbit's severed head. It strikes Jet after a moment that this is only a vision, but in that moment it felt real to her.

Jet smiles at that reflection. But that smile fades. "Hardly worth my time," she snorts. "A weakling. It is a trophy to please a child! I have outgrown it. There is much bigger game out there." She shakes her head and looks back, watching the others. "And this hunt will either never end, or kill me." She will fall into silence then, and shut away her thoughts as she has always done.

Jack taps the chair of his seat and hums, watching and listening his fellow Exalts. He doesn't understand this new foe any more than his fellows, but is perhaps more comfortable with the situation; they promise excitement. His former job as a transporter was profitable, yes, but there are better ways to make money - the Sidereal craves the rush, and that is being promised. He's content to wait.

Benford has been sitting near Jack, similarly taciturn, arms crossed, lips pressed into a thin line. Brooding. "Whatever is going on, it's something new. A being very different, cosmologically, from anything else on Earth. Even Fate's hold on it is slippery. But it's clear that we're at war with it, and so we need a way to fight it. And if we're going to fight it, we need to be able to find it." He pauses, uncrosses his arms, stands, and crosses the room. Grey San Francisco light streams in through a skylight. He holds his arm beneath it, casting a shadow on the floor. "Look at that shadow. Tell me what you see."

Benford waits a moment, and decides not to be quite so pedantic for once. "The shadow of my arm is not my arm; nor is it a pattern of light. It's a pattern of absence. They might leave a similar hole in fate, so to speak." He withdraws his hand. "According to Poe, the personality of his... guest... is similar to a young man from California from thirty years ago. I don't think that's an accident. I think it corresponds to a missing person. If we find that person, we might get an idea of the kind of hole he left in the fabric of Fate. And if we know the shape of one hole, we may find others." He smirks. "Measuring the shape of the absence of fate is left as an exercise to the reader. Personally, I'll try to work it into our timetable for Greenspan."

"Then it's in our best interest to pursue that investigation here," concludes Barry. "We'll need as much data as we can get."

Jack nods approvingly. "I'll help."

---

Jet's time with her family is kept private. She doesn't tell them much of what she has been doing. The girls know enough not to ask, and Becca is able to pick-up from them that it's best to leave it be, as well. The Lunar is restless. Even with those she loves she's not comfortable. Something in her tells her this is wrong. She knows she has to leave them behind again soon.

Jet asks about every detail of their lives, though. How work is going, what Timothy has been up to, and how they are treated while she is away. They seem content, which satisfies Jet. And secretly bothers her, though she can't say exactly why. She does at least tell them about New York, and hints at what the circle has faced. She is careful to downplay the danger, and doesn't explain her role in the battles with much detail. The holes speaks volumes on their own.

The Lunar talks to Timothy, as well, of course. She's not felt that fierce kind of a hug a child can give before. She knows she likes it, though and that doesn't scare her in the least. It's the first thing that has felt right since she returned. She makes sure that he's being taught well, and that he's got some free time. She expected him to ask for toys, but he never seems to. The Full Moon doesn't yet understand that he's satisfied just to see her, and have someone who cares for him. Someone who has brought him into a home with a lot of kind people.

Benford, for his part, takes a few hours to talk to Timothy. They don't talk so much about mathematics, and that's on purpose; Benford understands that the poor kid has been through a lot, and probably misses his parents, and his freinds, and his home; in short, his entire life before encountering the Exalts.

"Here," the scientist says. "These are for you." He opens a shopping bag; pulls out a stack of books, gift wrapped, and waits while Timothy opens then... several math text books, and several more paperbacks: all six volumes of Harry Potter, published to date. "I know that things have been mixed-up for you lately," he says softly. "Sometimes the world goes that way. Think of this like a trip to Hogwarts. We'll teach you things you couldn't learn from the Muggles." He grins. "And hopefully we can leave out the bits with Voldemort."

---

Poe follows Mary into a side room, where she opens a filing cabinet and pulls out a thick manila folder with 'Andrew Morgan' printed across the top. "Our friend in the FBI forwarded us a copy of your file on the case before he wrapped it up. If the cops found anything, saw anything, or even just wrote anything down, it's in there somewhere." The reporter nods, smiling in thanks, and settles down to leaf through it.

Thus far, the official investigation into the assault on Morgan's home has been inconclusive - which is hardly surprising, since the Sidereals' FBI agent buried the case in the federal bureaucracy before the police had really gotten anywhere. One thing stands out immediately in Poe's mind, though: no bodies were found. The Seattle police found bloodstains, spent shell casings, bullets in the walls... but the assailants slain by Jet and Mary were nowhere to be found when the cops arrived.

They did find fingerprints, though, and DNA from the bloodstains, and were able to identify the four attackers as minor thugs - common criminals, with arrest records remarkable for nothing more major than aggravated assault or grand theft auto. No other connections were found - no involvement with organized crime, or even with each other - but the police had only just gotten the records on the four gunmen before the FBI stepped in.

The police also found the thugs' weapons, and had cross-checked the serial numbers with local and state gun dealers. They came up empty; none of the guns had passed through any legitimate records in the state of Washington, but must have been smuggled in from out of state. The FBI got records of these, along with the other documentation in the case, and made a note to follow up with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms to trace the guns further.

Finally, as per standard procedure for the investigation, the Seattle PD also contacted Morgan's closest relations - his parents living in Tacoma, his editor, close co-workers. Transcripts of the interviews were also in the FBI file... and it is a wrench to Morgan to read the deposition from his father, who was devastated to learn that his son had been attacked, and was extremely impatient with the detective interviewing him, wanting to know "why the hell are you gabbing with me when you could be finding the lowlifes who did this to my son?" "I'm trying, Dad... I'm trying," says Poe to himself as he closes the file.

---

The FBI conference room was well-lit, impeccably decorated, designed to convey the maximum amount of comfort and confidence. Special Agent Schroeder, his boss, his boss's boss, and several other men at various levels of the chain of command leafed through a bright-blue folder of notes, photos, and documents. None of them felt especially comfortable or confident just now.

"Let's review, Al," said Schroeder's boss. Schroeder nodded.

"In the last forty-eight hours, a passenger on the Geneva to New York flight contacted the flight crew and warned them that another passenger had a bomb, and was making demands. Flight crew notified Captain Arther Hemmers. Per doctrine, Hemmers escalated to LGA control. They in turn went through channels to us."

"The passenger who contacted the crew was Charles Starrett. We're running a full background on him now, but the preliminary data are positive. He doesn't look like a terror risk and we have low confidence that he was the bomber. More on this in a moment."

"We're also running a full facial on the man that was described. Bland features, unclear country of origin, unclear linguistics. Not distintively Arab. Three other passengers were able to corroborate his appearance." While Schroeder spoke, the others in the room flipped through their dossiers to the artist sketch, frowning and puzzling over the picture.

"Mr. Starrett and a Mr. Luther Blissett - more on him in a moment - took it upon themselves to enter the cargo compartment based on the threat. Two passengers indicated that there was a third man, but his identity has not been corroborated."

"The Captain reported that Mr. Starrett said he'd found and defused a device. FBI EOD unit confirmed a device in the hold. It does not match the MO of any bomber we have on file. Frankly, the device itself was quite baffling."

Schroeder flipped to another segment of the dossier, the bomb's schematics. The others followed suit. "The device's nature was not immediately obvious, even to the EOD team. To the point that they filed a report of a faked threat initially, only to re-open the investigation after the lab came back with new findings. I think we need to start spreading this around."

One of the seniors nodded and rubbed her eyebrows with one hand. "We'll evaluate that finding, Agent Schroeder. Go ahead, please."

---

Meyer has arranged for the whole team, including Jet's family, to reserve a room at the Onyx, a classy five-star restaurant in downtown San Francisco. It's quite a treat for the traveling Exalts, after having subsisted for the past week and a half on roadside cafes and drive-throughs, to say nothing of Becah, Timothy, or the other girls, who've had little to no chance in their prior lives of _ever_ eating like this.

Benford reads slowly through the menu, astounded, and seeing that Meyer is picking up the tab, switches to the wine list. At his suggestion, several bottles of a fine German riesling are brought forth. _What the hell,_ he muses, _Selber would approve._

Jack looks at the glass in his own hands, studying his reflection. His reflection, also holding the glass, nods politely at him.

Jet appreciates the gesture, and is happy to see her family enjoying it. She does her best to cover her own misgivings, but her family knows her well. She's restless and uncomfortable and they know it. The girls even know why. Jet remembers eating at places like this as a little girl. It reminds her of her father.

Even Poe feels a little better after a hearty lunch of grilled salmon with white rice, and he quite approves of Benford's taste in wine. Briefly, he finds himself musing about how Washington press correspondents feel, and why they're so loath to give up the perquisites of the high life.

Jack smirks at his reflection and looks around, taking time to appreciate the fine environ as well as the food. He exchanges small talk with Benford and the other Exalts, whiling time away before the conversation leads towards more serious matters.

Situated behind a plate of less delicate, one would almost say common, fare... Xin's been catching up on who's who and what's going on. He's been rather surprised to meet the family, "You know, it's interesting. I've been in dozens of places like this, but none of them have ever been real."

Morgan raises an eyebrow, sipping a glass of wine. "How do you mean, Xin?" he asks.

Benford refills his own wine glass for the third time, finding that he prefers it to the rare steak in front of him. "Perhaps he's not certain of the reality of this fine establishment." He takes a sip. "I know I'm having trouble believing it. Kind of a non-sequitor after the last few weeks."

"Well it's a little of that," replies Xin. "But I'm just not quite used to looking up and seeing the ceiling there or actually having people walking by outside. I was in the movies, you see-a stuntman. Places like this tend to frown on someone crashing through the wall on a motorcycle, so it'd always be a soundstage." Xin points out a wall, "Usually there'd be one, maybe two of those set up in any place. Kind of a half-view into reality, left to cameras and such to make real."

Morgan grins. "So you got to see behind the smoke and mirrors a lot in your job," he remarks. "But I guess in the movies, the fancy restaurants are for the big-name stars."

Xin laughs, "Yeah, you do. It's amazing, but sometimes that colors your views of reality." He holds up a glass of wine, "Like looking through water or wine. What you are seeing is real, but is it the same reality that everyone else sees?" The liquid starts to swirl in the glass as he holds it out for Poe to inspect, spurred on by the sublest of motions in his hand. "And what happens when you start to influence reality? The trick is to try and find a calm center." Xin snaps his hand once, and the wine slows until it is perfectly still. Now looking through the glass almost magnifies the hand holding it. He grins, "It's more important than you know. Here, take your glass... making the wine move is easy, but can you make it be still?"

Morgan takes the glass, and stares at it. He tries it a few times - indeed, getting the wine to swirl around in the glass is easy, but canceling the motion exactly... every time he tries, it's still visibly sloshing back and forth. At one point, it even spills over the side of the glass and splashes against the tablecloth. "I don't think I'll be ready to snatch the pebble from your hand anytime soon," remarks the reporter, drinking the wine instead.

Benford watches Xin's demonstration intently, gaining new respect for the odd breed of movie star in his midst. "Can we indeed," he murmurs. Then, he takes his glass, and stands. "A toast," he proclaims, with a noticable slur in his speech. "To... to... those of us that bring with them the center of the world!" He raises his glass in salute, inviting others to do the same.

Jet is a rather gloomy figure. Her only smiles come when she watches her family, but she doesn't say much at all. Fortunately, the girls make up for her. Seeing that Jack isn't busy, Michelle decides to take it upon herself to drag him out of his shell. "So what is your part in this?" she asks curiously. "From what I understand, your arrival didn't exactly go smoothly."

"Perhaps not unexpectedly," Jack replies slowly. "Little does." He doesn't talk of his place, but instead cocks his head at the girl at throws her question back. "But what's your place in all of this?"

"I'm with Jet," answers Michelle. She looks him over and smirks, "She came to see me and thanks to her some people shot my house up and I had to leave it all behind." She hardly seems to mind, though. "It's not like it matters. Life's a journey, and if you stick in one place too long it just gets dull. The road wasn't made to look at."

Jack grins, and lets slip a chuckle. "I think we'll get along just fine, Michelle. A pleasure."

"Depends how you define get along, I suppose," answers Michelle. "We'll see. One shouldn't be hasty with that sort of thing, right?" There's a way she leans that seems to emphasize certain curves. She knows what she's doing. After all, she's made a lot of money with those curves. "I should warn you, though. Jet's girls are quite capable of looking out for ourselves."

Jack nods, still grinning. He knows of Jet and her family.

"Not to interrupt the party," says Morgan, grinning himself, "but there _is_ something I'd like to attend to while the esteemed doctor is still sober." With that, Poe brings the subject round to the attack on his house. He describes what the police found in detail, and then leans forward against the table. "So, to sum up - someone acquired a bunch of guns from out of state, convinced four random miscreants to assault me in my home, and collected their bodies before they'd even gotten cool. his doesn't sound much like the modus operandi of the gangs and dealers I investigated back in Seattle. _Those_ guys, generally, want to make sure you know who you pissed off."

Benford glances over at Timothy and Becca. _I guess they'd figure it out sooner or later. That kid is going to write one hell of an autobiography one day._ "I'm assuming that you've ruled out the mundane enemies, then? Persons or entities that might have taken exception to a recent publication?"

"It sounds professional," remarks Xin. "I mean real professional. I think the term is... "spook" stuff."

Jet frowns at Poe. She looks to Timothy and to the girls. "Other table," she says flatly. Only Michelle protests, and that only in a mock pout. Jet growls at the girl, "You'll pay for that later." Amy murmurs playfully, "She certainly hopes so."

Morgan shakes his head at Benford's response. "Not yet. The police don't know much, so I'm still guessing myself. It's still possible it was one of them. We've got to do some more leg-work still. Get the guns traced through the BATF. Check the records on the four guys - try to find any connections between them. Probably even go up there in person and see if there's anything the cops missed."

"It occurs to me that the location in question might be... watched," says Xin. "Maybe not constantly, but if you go back, there is the chance you'll attract the attention of the same people again."

Morgan nods to Xin. "A good point. We'll have to keep our eyes open. But maybe that's a good thing, anyway. If we can find someone watching us, then we've got a much better lead."

Benford sets down his wine glass, picks up a glass of water. "This was prior to your Exaltation, yes? Which means that it's more likely that your assailants have a mundane origin. Hiring disposable thugs to perform a hit is consistent with certain theories of intelligence operations, although those aren't the only people that work that way. If it is a mundane intelligence organization, Luther or Meyer might be able to find a trace of such." He's careful not to directly ask either of them, though; better to let Sidereals follow their instincts. "But if that's true, then the reason for the hit would have to do with something from your mundane life. What story were you pursuing? Or was it perhaps something a colleague passed on to you, that might have been mistaken for a threat by someone?"

Jet taps her fingers on the table. She's going to knock some sense into Poe later. Honestly, talking about dead bodies in front of a child! "We aren't really very good at avoiding traps like that, Xin. Our tactic seems to be to spring them, and try to avoid dying." She pauses a moment, "You'll probably like that, huh?"

Morgan shakes his head. "That's the funny thing. The article I was working on was an expose on the Discovery Institute. They aren't the type to go in for assassination, except character assassination." He glances at Jet, and shivers at the glare she passes his way. "If _they're_ responsible, then I'd have to rewrite my expose from scratch."

Xin considers this. "Well, it does sound interesting. And yourself? Are you looking forward to that, Jet?" He turns back to Morgan, "It might be that there's someone else out there with an interest in the Discovery Institute. There's all manner of men who hide in the shadows and pretend to run things."

Benford says, "'Discovery Institute?" The scientist looks puzzled, then surprised. "Aren't they one of those 'creation science' anti-think-tanks?"

Xin asks, "Creation science?"

"I'm looking forward to getting paid," answers Jet. She has her priorities very straight in this. "And Creation Science is what those Jesus Jumpers push. It's like science without the need for any factual basis."

Morgan nods. "The Discovery Institute promotes a concept they call intelligent design, which basically says life was too complicated to have come about by itself. Now," he remarks with a lopsided grin, "it turns out the world _was_ intelligently designed. But that's not the point."

Xin says, "Did they do anything besides that? That we know of, I mean."

"Which means it's not science," Benford adds. "They'd probably go nuts to read Hel's briefing. Hey... you don't suppose that's what happened, did you? Did some grand Hero of Creation exalt, and then send his followers out to destroy a secular enemy?"

Morgan laughs. "Who knows. They really don't seem the sort... but if we don't get anywhere investigating the crime, we can always try giving them a closer look. Maybe I _did_ miss something about them from my mortal perspective."

"So it's settled then. We'll return to the scene of the crime and see if we can learn anything new." Xin pauses thoughtfully, "After dessert." After all, some things in life are simply not to be passed up.

"We going to stay a night here first?" asks Jet. She shrugs and notes, "I doubt a few more hours will kill us, will it? We just got back." She doesn't like leaving her family immediately like this.

Benford says, "For my part, I'd like to spend some time here. Luther and I began a project in Atlanta that would benefit from some experiments in this city. Perhaps in a few days?"

Jack nods. "I'm sure our friends will be happy to support us for the night, after what we went through in New York. And the change will do us all good."

Morgan says, "I need to get some more questions answered before we go, anyway," agrees Poe. He turns to Mary. "I'll need our friend in DC to have the BATF run the full trace on those guns, and see if he can get me the rap sheets on the four thugs. Maybe I'll need other questions answerd too once I have those."

Mary nods, smiling happily. She's of use, and her satisfaction at this radiates from every pore of her skin. "I'll see to it," she promises.