Shooting had been going on for two weeks now. There was only another month left for shooting and not nearly enough had been done. The film's harried director has fallen behind schedule and has been forced to take desperate measures to try to catch up. Safety has fallen by the wayside and sadly, this is not enough. There was an... accident a few days ago, and another stuntman was needed. Especially with the local... enforcement suggesting that the schedule be met. That's where Xin comes in.

The so-called "enforcement", a trio of Triad thugs, are there as a token reminder of who is making sure that everyone on the set gets paid. Naturally, they're also drawing a salary, which helps to explain why things like more modern saftey harnesses aren't really in use here. It is the way of things though, and compared with the alternative... the risk is almost worth it.

When Xin comes to the set, there are murmurs throughout the crew. A few of them whisper about how he is cursed, a few more about how he is blessed. Though the details of the accident that nearly claimed Xin's life aren't readily known... rumor and gossip do more than enough to fill in for truth. More than once the director has to yell at the crew to focus and do their jobs. The enforcers are less than pleased to find something new stirring up their little nest. "This is our big chance. We make sure things go smoothly, they know we can handle more, we start to move up faster."

So there's discussion. "Discussion." Some of the crew call in sick, or have sudden emergencies that call them away. The director is relieved, when his friends are able to provide him with skilled crew. With people who'll help him finish on time. With people who'll help fatten the Triad's coffers even more.

There are always those who will protest. Amidst the silent acceptance, people full of ideas-dangerous ones-or who're too old or tired to care about their own lives start murmuring. One day, there's a shouting match that erupts on set. A few days later, stuff begins to turn up missing. Xin watches this go on... and now... now that he's changed, he can see where it will go. He can get a sense of the emotions as they are strained, as tempers rise and more than words are exchanged. He can almost feel the murder lurking behind the eyes and minds... and he must act.

That is, however, only one point of view. Movie companies today are finding that the advancing technology allows them to do things without needing all that was needed before... and as a result ideas, dangerous ones are spreading. People have begun to think that they can do without the assistance they've paid for in the past. "We are, in short order, becoming outdated if we do not secure a foothold in this changing business." Old men in suits in stylishly poor restaurants that serve gourmet authentic noodles discuss the way of things. The necessity of adapting.

The plan is to produce six films faster than other companies are able to, no matter the cost, though it must be seen to be cheaper. So far they have met with varying success... and those put in charge who are responsible for the successes find more doors open to them than before. They have a chance to move out of their neighborhoods, to expand their spheres of influence. It is best not to discuss those who do not.

It is one of these films that Xin was hired on for. Ironically, it is about a man who combats the forbidden secret societies in the mythic past. The same societies that live on in more evolved forms at present day, some say. Xin's presence is troubling, and moreover, the man seems to be siding for once against the easier road. He is becoming... difficult. "Encouraging chaos and disharmony," is the report. The enforcer writing it has a fondness for more poetic expression.

Conflict is inevitable. Whether it is with those who would interfere with a struggle to survive and thrive in a changing world, or with those who would struggle against an oppressive and ruthless organization. Both sides are right in their own way. Xin is troubled by this... he has been unable to understand his actions for the past few days. Before he would have done what he could to ensure that good people wouldn't get hurt... but now, now he knows he is stronger. That is one of the things that weighs heavily on his mind. _Should I interfere? Should I try and put a stop to this? What will become of me, of these people if I do... or if I don't?_

Xin learns that those who do not make choices will have the same choices made for them. He is called in for a discussion. "Discussion." It was a very lovely restaurant, not too far from Xin's old neighborhood. The sights and sounds of childhood are a reminder of where he's come from... and just how far along he's been. They're waiting inside, with friendly words and thinly-veiled threats. Suggestions, they call them. "Why don't you do what we ask? Why do you make trouble? We want to make things better for the workers, better for the people. They can turn to us instead of these impersonal companies..." Xin listens to their arguments, and as he does becomes acutely aware that the man coming out of the kitchen has a sinister tattoo on his arm... and a gun under the tray he carries. Xin excuses himself, and leaves the restaurant to the delighted chuckle of the others, "That's okay, we'll find you another time."

And they do find him another time. Xin notices he's being followed. The same man turns up along his route home. He's certain it's someone who means him harm... so he ducks hastily into an alleyway. That's where they find him. There are two there, silhouetted by the moonlight as it cascades down between two buildings, barely illuminating a fire-escape that's more rust than anything else.

They were not quite ready for him. Even though Xin still does not quite understand everything that man in the suit told him... he knows he's stronger, faster than before. And before, he was no slouch. He made it in the time before digital editing could make anyone a master martial artist. There is a fight, and ultimately, though he is outnumbered, he defeats them. The fight advertised his presence, and as more rush into the alleyway, he's already on the roof of one of the buildings, rust caked to his shoes.

_It's not safe. Not here. I need to move._ Xin's mind is clear, his thoughts focused as he makes his way over the clustered rooftops. Eventually he makes his way back down to the street, once he feels he's safely away. The Lucky Dragon. There's a note waiting for him there when he ducks in to try and arrange for someone to pick him up. It seems that someone who.. well come to think of it now they can't really describe him... left a note for him. There is a crisp envelope with a handwritten note inside. He reads it. 'You are not safe here anymore. You'll have to leave, we'll handle getting you out safely, but you must leave the city before we can safely do so.' Also inside the envelope is a series of directions to follow... odd directions, things like, "Wait for the light to turn red twice, then double back and run between the silver and green car as they drive past."

It starts raining when Xin sets foot outside of the city. He walks a ways down the road, ducking out of sight of passing cars and he is caught in the headlights of another car. One that was waiting just off of the road. Xin panics, and then the window rolls down and a familiar voice calls out to him. A friendly voice. It belongs to the man who first helped him get into showbusiness. His friend was much younger then, but so was Xin. "Hey! Get enough sense to come in out of the rain, get in here!" Xin ducks into the car. "They say you're in trouble. What you been doing? Nevermind, I don't think I want to know." The car pulls off, and Xin sighs with relief. He's safe for now, on his way out of the city... he finds himself drifting off and dreaming of more peaceful days.