Lexi helps Santiago Vasconseles to his feet. He isn't hurt badly; Barry took most of the punishment, and lies dead on the ground for his trouble. Santiago is rattled, though. The situation is shocking, even by Tijuana's standards for playing rough. Lexi, too, is shaken. Post-Soviet Russia could be a bleak place sometimes but you had to try hard to end up in the middle of a war.

"Senor," she begins. "It's ugly. There's a mob attacking the power plant, and they have to be stopped. It's important to the future. I don't know why I believe that, but I do. Who in this town will stand up for that?"

Morgan is concerned enough about Santiago's condition, but now that he knows that he and Esperanzita are all right, his mind wanders back to the other point of conflict in town. "We need to get back to the plant," he says, sounding more brusque than he intends. "Even a diversion can be disastrous if it isn't dealt with."

The attorney shakes his head. "That woman, Jet, she had put together a militia of some kind. Find out who is left of them," he suggests weakly.

Morgan nods shortly. "Let's go," he says, turning on his heel and heading back to the power plant as quickly as he'd come.

The streets near the power plant remain a war zone, which at least proves that the defenders still live. Among them is Natasha, and somewhere in the melee is Elizabeth. The more headstrong of the twins still wields the door of a car as a shield. She takes hold of one of the enemies by the skull and with a growl throws him into a concrete wall with a bone shattering crunch.

Getting behind a building, Morgan takes in the situation at a glance, allowing his recent intensive training with the works of Sun Tzu and Clausewitz to guide his observations. Just as quickly, he comes to decisions. "Lexi, find a megaphone and make your way through the south buildings. I need real-time fire control and there wasn't time to get everyone a Raven." He sticks his head out and yells, "Natasha!", then immediately gets under cover again, relying on her golem-enhanced hearing to help her find him.

Lexi is smart enough to stay out of the direct line of fire. The area south of the power plant is an assortment of low-rent factories and open fields of litter and empty shipping containers and offers little hard cover. Few of the attackers are female or unarmed, and so Jet's militia doesn't hassle her as she makes for the power plant gates. Her journalistic instincts tell her: Get the message out. She finds a pile of sandbags, abandoned by both sides for the moment, and begins snapping photos with the raven prototype. She recalls the black bird that she and Poe summoned earlier that evening. "Get the message out," she repeats. "Even if we die, let the story be told."

Natasha can hear a friendly voice in the mess, though getting to it is no small feat. She has to wade through a crossfire first, and to manage it she hurls the car door in front of her, the force of it enough to leave two attackers broken and a third stunned long enough to have his brains blown out by the men defending the power plant. When at last she reaches Morgan she asks, "Is the kid safe?"

"She's fine - Barry sacrificed himself to save her. We don't need to worry about her right now." Morgan keeps talking - there's a war on, and no time to mourn the losses. "I want you to get back to your sister and both of you herd the enemy toward the south buildings. I'll have those guys hold their fire until they have a clear shot." He picks up his own Raven and punches the code for Lexi's prototype. "Tell the men Morgan said to hold their fire until I say. We're gonna lead them into a trap."

Natasha sighs at the news of Barry, but at this point she's well acquainted with loss. "We'll drive them." Though that takes more than a little work. In a moment she is rushing out once more. She ducks out of sight a moment later. Elizabeth is not out in the open, it seems.

A block away, Lexi hears Morgan's message, and passes it on. She starts with the biggest, most heavily-armed of jet's vaqueros, and gets the message going in three directions at once - without mention of 'trap'. It won't be much of a trap if the enemy overhears that part.

Morgan, for his part, takes up his own shotgun and circles around to the west, running and ducking every time he draws fire - the relatively undisciplined marksmanship of the Assembled minions is mostly made up for by their sheer numbers, and only his preternatural talent for evasion, and the impeccable craftsmanship of his custom body armor, keep him from being wounded. Coming across three gunmen, he hisses one of Jet's prearranged passwords, and joins them in adding suppressive fire, helping to make his position seem less attractive to the enemy. If all goes well, the enemy will guess that his southern flank is weak and attempt to overrun them.

The twins have apparently found a viable strategy. Throwing cars isn't part of it this time. Heavy gunfire will have to do. The twins have with them three heavily armed allies. Each sister bears a heavy machinegun and with a roar they lead the way, firing wildly at the enemy and giving them no opening.

"_Soy immortal!_ I'm Aang, you motherfuckers!" calls a voice through the din. Morgan is the first to see its source. A squat Mexican, dressed in colors he's come to recognize as one of the regional street gangs, is facing off in a bare-knuckles brawl with three of the enhanced MS-13 soldiers. And he's winning, partly due to the gusts of wind that flow with each strike, and mostly due to the resplendent Caste Mark adorning his brow. He whips around their punches like an angry zephyr, and punishes them like a furious tornado. "Ha ha ha!"

Seeing that they aren't the only game in town draws some attention from the twins. They don't exactly have to help him, but they do make use of the added power by moving closer and calling out, "Care to lend a hand? We're the broom and we're sweeping this shit right out of town."

The nascent Dragon-Blooded pops one of his opponents in the face, knocking him sprawling, and finishes the maneuver by deftly flipping his middle finger at the falling body. "Ya, so, let's clean house, baby."

As Lexi passes the word among the defenders near the power plant, she notices that the tops of many of the fenceposts are covered in smoked plastic domes. When the yankees claimed this place, they put in a substantial surveillance system. She darts inside the main building, and within seconds finds a room with one wall covered in cheap computer monitors. "Comrades, the revolution will be televised," she quips, and plugs the Raven phone into the USB port on the side of the control panel.

Morgan grins delightedly. _Another warrior for the Dragons,_ he thinks to himself. _I'll have to get word to Xin after this is over._ He glances down at his Raven and thumbs Lexi's info again, quickly texting her with 'r u getting this?' Within seconds of pressing the Send button, his own phone caws at him with the response: 'duh'. That taken care of, Morgan looks out at the battle again, taking careful aim and putting a slug through a goon that was trying to rush one of the north buildings.

Morgan looks out over the field. Even with the supernatural might of the Ivanovas and the Chosen of the Dragons, his side is heavily outnumbered. And too many of his people aren't following the plan - which is no surprise, since no one has told them. The enemy, meanwhile - it's hard for him to tell how coordinated they are right now, but their purpose comes from the Assembled. How can he turn the tide?

First... he has to find out what control the Assembled have of the situation. There are no Assembled here - Esperanzita still protects the city - but that only means their physical presence. Can they still communicate with their minions? Unlike Benford, Morgan has no neurocytes to give him an indication... but he may have another ally. He picks up his phone, pushes the voice-dial button, and whispers the secret name that Raven gave him. "Can you hear the voice of the enemy? Do they call to their people now, or is it just the echoes that drive them on?"

The voice of Raven echoes from the speaker. _I hear the voice of the machines. They call to their minions now, direct their movements._

Morgan nods grimly, reloading his shotgun as he makes his way back down the staircase. "Is there anything you can do about it?" The time has come, Morgan thinks, to make a stand, and make manifest the power of the Exalted in the world. And as an Eclipse, part of his power is to draw on the aid of other forces.

"And can you spread the word to my people? We wish to drive the enemy to the south, where our ambush awaits." Morgan emerges from the building, confidently striding toward Aang and the Ivanovas, seemingly dodging out of the way of enemy fire even before they pull their triggers. He is Chosen of the Sun and knows it, and even though his anima does not manifest yet, a ray of sunlight seems to illuminate him like a spotlight, as he allows his divine gift to surround him like a cloak.

_I will do more than that,_ the Raven's voice whispers. And over the communication channels, Morgan and his friends hear a hissing screech. If Newton Benford were here, he would know it for what it is. Even the Ivanova sisters, rebuilt from death itself with Alchemical technology, have some faint measure of sensitivity to it. It is the song of the neurocytes, and it pours into the minds of the attackers.

Morgan bursts into a broad grin. "Let's finish this," he says softly to the Ivanovas and giving Aang a hearty salute. And now he bellows, his own voice echoing amongst the suddenly bewildered throng of Assembled minions. "Flee! Flee, servants of the machines! The gods are upon you!" And with this, he allows his anima banner to flare around him, and sweeps his shotgun around in a great arc and emptying the clip in seconds.

A few of the cameras at the power plant are mounted high enough to have a clear line of sight on Poe's show of force. Lexi pans the best of them over and zooms in. The scene fills the wall of monitors, made all the more poignant by the blinking red dot in the corner indicating that every frame of it is going to be recorded for posterity. "Jesus," the young woman breathes. "Or maybe Baldur," she adds, as Poe begins firing.

Normally, the brilliant white flare of an Exalted anima banner would not phase augmented humans who have the Voice of the Assembled to bolster them. But now that Voice is missing, drowned out by the raucous cries of the Raven. And when Morgan fires six times and drops six thugs in quick succession, a wave of panic begins to ripple through the MS-13 mob. Holding his shotgun above his head, Morgan bears down on the nearest one, clocking him with the butt of the gun - although this attack is quickly overshadowed as Natasha, Elizabeth, and Aang follow in Morgan's wake, fanning out around him and delivering their own brand of concentrated whoop-ass. Screams of pain and terror spread from the front line, begin to work their way into the suddenly rudderless gang members. And the horde hesitates, then begins to flee in blind panic - to the south.

The brawlers understand their part quite well, and rise to the task with roars like wild beasts. For the twins everything is a weapon, including the enemies themselves. One of these unfortunates is snared by the leg and used to pummel his allies by Elizabeth, then whipped forward to send part of the fleeing mob sprawling. Onto these pounces Natasha, the force of her attacks breaking bones as if they were egg shells. Moving about the two twins like the wind itself is Aang, whose hands do not seem to even need to strike the enemy to destroy them.

As he charges forward, Morgan is confronted by a pair of thugs who, like cornered rats, fight back viciously; the reporter smoothly ducks out of the way of the glinting knives, and nods to Elizabeth and Natasha on either side as two swift chops break the thugs' arms, one blow each. This gives Morgan the moment he needs to reload, re-aim, and continue to open a hole in the enemy lines. Bracing the shotgun against the crook of his arm and firing with one hand, he puts his phone to his left ear. "Lexi! Are you in position?"

"The word is out. I'm now in the monitor room," Lexi barks back.

"I need you on the lines, ready to give the signal! We're almost on you!" snaps Morgan just as abruptly. The south buildings are getting closer and, even in their panic, the minions of the Assembled might manage to break through and cause considerable casualties amongst the defenders who've relied on his word and held their fire up until now.

Lexi unplugs from the terminal and dutifully runs out to the defenders. Clearly this is not something to be missed.

Morgan's anima continues to glow long after it should have dissipated - staying out of harm's way while continuing to distribute harm in return is drawing on his reserves of spiritual power. He has no problem with this, as it helps add to the panic he hopes to foster. And now he sees the front lines of the enemy approaching the mark. Over the phone again: "Three... two... one... now! Open fire!"

Lexi passes the command to the militia, who need only to hear their fellows firing to know that they should do the same. The night sky is once again filled with flying lead in a grim and brutally efficient crossfire.

The members of MS-13, despite their artificially toughened skin and bones, their Alchemically enhanced sinews... are still not that much more than human. And they are quite, quite vulnerable to bullets. Jet's weeks of training pay off as the deadly hail of gunfire decimates the ranks of the enemy. Confronted with the Gods' Chosen on one side and concentrated fire on the other, many of the gang members simply throw their guns to the ground and flee for their lives in all directions, or curl up on the ground and wait for the end. Those who continue to fight on find nothing but swift death.

---

Many of the attackers have fled. Some were picked up by the Tijuana police, and others by Mexican federales and American border patrol agents. Rumors say that a lot of injured men are fleeing south in whatever vehicles they can steal.

A lot of the attackers, and quite a few of the defenders, are in the hospital. The augmented thugs cause quite a stir among the local doctors, but not as much as when the golem physicians, led by Ho Chen, arrive to study the patients.

And of course, there's a lot of dead people in the streets and alleys near the power plant. The militia sweeps up the mess, grimly but efficiently, filling a refrigerated rail car with body bags. Despite the appalling carnage, the police do not descend on the area.

Speculation is all over the local news about gang warfare in Tijuana; the story even makes American cable networks. However, the police do not descend in droves; the military does not invade the power plant. Despite the appalling carnage, the official word is that there is no official word.

Vasconceles returns from an overnight stay in the hospital, with the unofficial word. "They are waiting," he says simply. "The police chief is at mass twice a day. The Federales are down in a hotel on the Avenue, but haven't been told to move yet. CNN is next door, trying to decide if they should be bored or terrified."

"In other words, my friends," he finishes, "the world is holding its breath. What are you going to tell them?"

Morgan takes a deep breath. He's been thinking about this over the past couple days, discussing it with his allies, and working on the details. "We're going to tell them the truth." He reaches into a briefcase and pulls out a folder. In it is a collection of photos, of himself glowing like a torch as he leads the attack. Of the autopsies of the dead MS-13, accompanied by the unedited reports of Tijuana's doctors. And on top of it all, a press release.

The press release is the result of some of Morgan's most intense effort, matched only by the composition of the prayer to Raven a few days before. It is light on the alarmist rhetoric about invading aliens from another dimension, and heavy on immediate verifiable evidence. There is a call for independent medical experts to examine the corpses for themselves, for forensic photographers to analyze the video work, for reporters to interrogate the survivors. Without going into what would be seen as flights of fancy, between every line is the implication that this is just the tip of the iceberg.

Lexi nods in approval. "When first I learned of this, I ran. Then I threw up. Then I got on with my life. It will be the same for everyone else. Our goal should be to help the world reach the third step as quickly as possible."

Morgan nods. "This press release is the one intended for CNN, the hard-nosed and cynical mainstream media. Underneath that one..." Morgan turns to the next page, where, with considerable guidance from Lexi, is the full story, intended for the wilder and woolier world of independent zines and Internet blog posts. Allegations of mental experiments at Walla Walla. Linkage of the organ-theft in LA and the previous winter's violence in Tijuana with the invasion. The role of Exaltation in the invention of fusion power. Definitions of 'Assembled', 'Exalted', and other such exotic terminology. Most people won't believe a word of this, even with the mainstream accounts. But the other Lexis of the world will start digging, looking for the truth behind the truth.

And underneath that, almost prosaic by comparison, a full-color advertisement mockup for a new kind of cell phone.

Lexi nods, and smiles faintly. "We will get to work, and we will pray to the Raven. He will see to it that the right story reaches the right ears. That will make this easier."