It is December 18th, a week before Christmas. Benford and Luther have gathered all of the Exalted allies into the back of the Wonderland trailer to prepare for the Solstice, at the prompting of The Man. It takes little imagination to see the significance between the lengthening of days, and the auspices for the Solars.

Luther has prepared a report, based on information found in the computers stolen during the raid on the Juarez syndicate. In typical fashion, Benford has printed a dozen copies, leaving them in a pile on the coffee table, next to a cooler of Corona. The lounge is a bit crowded, with so many in attendance; ten people, all Exalts of one form or another. Benford stands at the head of the room, writing names on a whiteboard bolted to the forward wall.

Benford says, "Alright. I'll try to keep this brief. Luther has discovered that the narcos are using tunnel systems near the border to move arms and drugs north. Some of those arms are going to be used to attack Wonderland, so it's in our interests to stop that if we can. However, unless we weaken the Tijuana cartel, there's nothing to prevent them from trying again next week, so if we want a permanent solution, we have to deprive the Assembled of that ally."

Benford sticks a sattelite photo to the whiteboard, with the tunnel system outlined in pink highlighter. "Luther has suggested that we involve the US Border patrol, DEA, state police, whatever. Whisper a few words in the right ears and let the proper authorities handle something for once. Two problems, however; the Border Patrol is probably infiltrated, and if there's any Assembled along, they won't have the firepower to stop them anyway. So several of us are going to oversee the operation and make sure it goes the way we want." On the whiteboard, Benford rights 'Drug Bust' next to several names: Jet, Luther, Mirya, and Enrique.

Benford says, "Now, in order to effect a local balance of power, we're going to make contact with the local families, and arrange for a 'town meeting' of sorts. The Cartel is the de facto govenrment of the state; so any resistance is a de facto insurrection. That's what we're trying to start. Miss Valdez..." he poses for a moment, hoping he's not insulting Santa Muerte by using her mortal name, "already has some contacts among several of the families. Part of the deal will be that Wonderland will support them and give them a market, if they oppose the current cartel, and forego any abuse of innocent bystanders."

On the whiteboard, Benford writes 'Diplomacy' next to the names Poe, Benford, The Man, and Santa Muerte, then turns back to his audience. "We can assume that either the cartel or the Assembled, or both, will also be in attendence at the town meeting. This is according to plan. For anyone to believe us at all we have to have an undeniable display of competence. So yes, we're inviting our enemies to come hurt us."

Morgan grins wryly. "We shall show them a sign?"

"In this world, all takeovers are hostile," says Jet grimly.

Benford nods knowingly to Jet before continuing. "Finally - " Benford points to the two unassigned names on the list, Jack and Xin. "There's a good possibility that the Assembled realize that most of Wonderland's talent is down here in Mexico, so it would be a good time to send a second unit up to San Francisco and stab us in the back. I don't want that to happen. So we'll send a couple of our people back there to set up a defense." He writes 'Wonderland' on the board next to Jack and Xin's name. "There. I think that's all the wickets covered. Now, it's within my character to boss people around, but not to force anything down someone's throat. Anyone who wants to do something else, we're all free people. You want to see what free men can do, stick around."

"Just so long as we get done by Christmas, it's all good with me." Jet tilts her head and notes, "Unless the whole world turns on end, it'll be a Full Moon." She has a rather powerful attachment to that. "Anyway, I'm ready to deal with whatever comes my way. Nothing is getting through my nets."

"And here I was prepared to take offense that I wasn't included in your undeniable display of competence..." says Xin, grinning. "I'll hold down the fort, as they say."

Morgan raises a hand. "Just one thing. We think we know what the Assembled get out of this deal with the Juarez - namely, the end of Wonderland. But it pays us to understand _all_ our enemies. What do the Juarez get out of it? What good does it do _them_ to invade San Francisco in force?"

"The big guys get power in some measure, the little guys get screwed," replies Jet. "It could be anything, really. From what we've seen elsewhere, who is to say that they have any choice at all?"

Morgan scratches his chin. "True. The Assembled may simply be coercing them - but I think the Juarez do stand to gain _something_ from this deal. Now: what can they _do_ with a lot of guns? Do they have the manpower - more importantly, the right _kind_ of manpower - to own San Francisco?"

Benford pulls a Corona from the cooler. "I guess that depends. Luther's theory is that the Assembled are offering them a means to get out from under the Columbians. Perhaps they think that owning the market, without having the Columbians involved, will make up for the expense."

"But why bring the guns all the way into the country?" says Morgan. "Are they going to try to shut down every little minor drug dealer in every city in California? I kind of doubt it. I think this smuggling operation, although it certainly is going to give the Juarez a major boost in what they're trying to do in the US, has at least one other purpose: bait."

Benford says, "Bait for whom? For us?"

"For the United States government." Morgan scratches his head. "Look. If we weren't here to do anything about it, what do you suppose the Feds would do when they found out about all this? It'd cause a panic. And widespread public support for locking down the southern border." He nods to Luther. "Now... suppose that the Assembled have infiltrated the Border Patrol, as we suspect may have happened..."

Morgan looks around the room. "So that's a pretty strong incentive to the Juarez. If there's a crackdown on everything coming in and out of the US from the south - except for the Juarez - then they've got a virtual monopoly on the drug trade. That gives them a tremendous position of power in negotiating with the Colombians."

Luther nods. "Sounds reasonable. Easier on the Assembled than having to manifest themselves to the Colombians directly - it seems that direct confrontation isn't their style with un-Exalted."

Benford traces the sewers on the map with a finger. "That could be it. However, that only works if they have crooked cops to keep the pipeline open for the Juarez. Without that, their own channel also closes."

Morgan settles back down. "Which means that involving the feds in _this_ bust is so important. If the Assembled _do_ have their mechanical fingers in the Border Patrol, we _must_ flush them out. And... it means we should probably _assume_ that the Assembled have the fix in, and be overjoyed if it turns out they don't."

Benford says, "Well... we've got Luther and Ricky involved. Is that enough to ensure that the reigns of this operation end up in the right hands?" He looks from the intelligence officer to the most honest cop in Mexico.

"Probably," Luther responds, quietly. Ricky isn't saying much; his usual happy demeanor is subdued, and there's a tense air about him as the time draws near to act.

"It will be enough," says Jet. "It has to be."

"So... once we flush out the mechanical fingers in the Border Patrol... what do you propose we do with them," asks Xin.

"I would think that the flushing out part will make that a moot point," mutters Jet. "They aren't likely to leave in one piece."

Benford says, "Well, let's assume they're involved. What can we do to make it more likely that a crooked cop can't sweep this under the cover?"

"Interservice rivalry," suggests Luther. "Report it to as many relevant agencies as you know. Let them fight it out for jurisdiction. If they're all crooked, well, that's useful information too."

Xin nods, "Which we can deal with after we're sure we're safe."

Benford says, "Alright. That will have to be part of our preparation, then. Lots of exposure for Uncle Sam. Is there anything else we've left out?"

"Nothing except the post-mission booze-up party," Jet offers. "That would be a bit cocky to go over now, though."

---

The highway glides under the wheels of the Gemballa. It is a sleek black blur, for whom speed limits are more like minimums. The trip is uneventful; for one, Jack is far too good a driver to get caught in the speed traps that litter the small towns on their way, secondly, Xin spends about half the trip asleep, barely aware that they're moving. They stop for lunch along the way, something greasy, and they switch places. An hour later, they switch back, and Jack is promising the Gemballa that nobody'll ever get behind the wheel but him again. It's after midnight when they finally roll into town.

Jet's part of the bargain is not a long journey, and her part hardly of immediate importance. No, the true opening work is handled by Luther and Ricky. The warnings to the agencies must come just in the nick of time, and with just enough credibility to merit a large response. The fortunes of a young, bold runner are guided a bit differently, landing him in the hands of federal agents. The interrogation will serve as a beacon and as a first source of information.

The second source is provided by an anonymous tip that filters through the border patrol of a curious amount of activity. Further power is provided by Ricky's more 'official' warnings to several agencies. With Luther's assistance and Jet's vocal talent, no less than twenty unique tips are filtered into the FBI and numerous DoJ offices. "I think the whole damn border may end up a crater after this," Jet murmurs.

It is Saint Death who makes initial contact with the people of Tijuana. These are _her_ people - the people she has done her best to look after. And now that she is not alone, she can promise them hope that she could not offer them before. For hope is what they lack in this town, those who live under the shadow of the cartels.

And now she brings with her a _gringo_ who makes wild claims of a new future for Tijuana - in perfectly accented Spanish - and promises to explain himself fully in a few days' time. Fantastic though his words may be, there is something compelling about him - a complete assurance that what he says can come to pass. Even those who doubt him still resolve to come, if only to watch the cartel do to him what they usually do to those who stand out.

And the rumors fly throughout the city of this strange man from north of the border - rumors which reach the ears of the cartel as surely as night follows day. Whatever happens on the day of the winter solstice, it will be a day to remember.

No one speaks of the Man, as they so seldom do. Yet he is there, nonetheless, sampling the conversations in the street, listening in the bars, never wearing the same face twice. He tugs upon the strands of the fate of Tijuana, and brings it all back to an unobtrusive truck parked at the edge of town, where Benford brings it all together.

Benford works closely with the woman formerly known as Diana Valdez, now known as Saint Death, for her persona already fills an important niche in the psychology of the people of Mexico. Particularly in Tijuana, where so many make their living on the wrong side of the Law, people are prepared to accept such an icon of faith. Benford learns a lot about the local population and their aspirations; who respects who, who fears who, what kind of show of force will be required to win people over. He rapidly covers one inside wall of the truck with sticky notes, a giant representation of one of Luther's 'clique graphs'. In the end, they only want what everyone wants: to live in peace, and pursue their dreams. The method, too, is familiar: convince the wise, mollify the foolish, and dissuade the violent. Different colors of sticky indicate the most prominent personalities in each category.

---

Santiago Vasconcelos was a lawyer, best-known for his work in drug crimes. Now he is retired and anonymous - at an early age, and without the promiscuous wealth of some men in the state. This is generally seen as a sign of his success as a prosecutor. Inviting him to speak is perhaps the clearest sign the Exalted can provide that something is stirring in Tijuana which will threaten the drug barons' livelihoods, and Santiago comes to meet with the visitors with an ashen face. He too knows the risks. Of anyone in the region, he is perhaps best suited to speak on conditions here, and of anyone here on the side of law, he knows the Tijuana cartel.

Santiago is forthright. He doesn't know the reason for his visitors' arrival, but the name Santa Muerte is one he does know. Like many Mexicans, he ascribes supernatural powers to the legend. Like many educated men, he doubts the reality with a healthy dose of skepticism. And like many men without hope, he does not close his eyes to whatever truth he finds. So he is more open than even Morgan expected.

"There have been questions, _senors_," he says. "Your friends asking about men like 'big Shorty', and about the men in Tijuana. About the conditions here."

"Maybe you come from America, thinking we're all drugrunners and wetbacks. Maybe you think we're dirty. Maybe you think we are crazy, when the cops salute the cartel chief on the road and call him 'boss', because why would we support such a man? Eh? He is a hero to the people, even if he is cruel."

"Why _is_ he a hero, then?" asks Morgan. "Why _would_ you support such a man? Educate this ignorant _gringo_, if you please." Morgan smiles in wry self-deprecation.

"Because, _senor_, Amo keeps us alive." Santiago sighs quietly; the weight on his shoulders is plainly visible. "His men will come into the villages. They will buy beers and throw money on the counter. They will pay the girls for dances and smiles and whatever else, and the girls do it because they will take what they cannot buy. They buy fancy cars and drive them around, so the gas stations stay open. They bribe the police to look the other way, so that we do not lose more children in the shootings that would otherwise come here. And because the United States does not like him or his kind. Your CIA - your own _presidente_ afterward - made deals with Noriega to bring drugs in, because he did favors for them. Your own people do this as well. Yet you send jets to bomb the _villas_. The people think you are _loco_."

"You ask our brothers and our sons across your border and call us wetbacks. You pay us a miserable salary, then send your factories here to do the same in our own country. Who do you think the people will look up to here, _senor_?"

Benford shifts uncomfortably in a chair off to the side of where Poe and Santiago are having their discussion. The older man is right, of course, and for the most part it never even shows up on the moral radar of America. _We'll have to change that, too._

Morgan is thinking much the same. "Guilty as charged, _senor_," he says, nodding gravely. "The people of my country, so many of them do not care what happens here, as long as their crops are picked and their machines are made and they get their drugs. They think that what happens here cannot affect them, and they are sadly mistaken." He shakes his head. "The cartels are even now plotting to bring the 'War on Drugs'" - Morgan speaks the words with evident disdain - "back to the States. My people are as _loco_ as you say - and yet, I would save them from their folly."

"Then we are not so different, eh?" asks the lawyer. "They just want to live safely and comfortably, and raise their children. Your first president Bush set up General Noriega, then took him down. Then your Reagan supports murderers in South America. Then your second president Bush invades another CIA ally. Do not ask me why we support drug dealers, _senor_. You already know."

Morgan nods. "You support them because they support you, where no one else will." He rubs his chin. "There is much I must do, when I return home. If I would bring an end to the cartel, I must have something to put in their place."

Santiago nods. "Only a dog will eat scraps from the table, but if scraps is all there is, men will be dogs."

"No," Benford suddenly utters. "Men will do what they must to survive, but the real animals are the ones that force others to live like dogs, that would take someone's dignity as the price of survival." He turns his chair around so he can address Santiago. "Our government - we - have been just as bad about that as anyone else, and we can't change anything overnight. But I will not allow dignity to be taxed." He stands up and paces the room. "Noriega, Duvallier, Marcos, even Hussein... all mad dogs bred in our name; all eventually brought to heel only at great cost."

Benford comes over to the table, leans on it, palms down. There's genuine emotion in his voice. "We want to know who the mad dogs are, to be put down. We wish to deprive their inhuman allies of their puppets. And even thieves may have honor, and in an imperfect world, are as good as a patriot. We want to know who those men are, so they can be made to serve the rest." The scientists straightens. "People poison themselves and waste their lives, their vices keep you above the poverty line. This is an imperfect world, we have to accept that. But we do not have to accept a tax on dignity!"

Benford realizes he's shaking, not quite shouting. Visions of the bloodshed in Juarez come back to him. _A killer, but not a mad dog._ He finds a glass of water and sits down again. "That is why we are here," he says simply.

Santiago looks startled at Benford's fire. Another expression replaces it after a moment. "You are not American," he says. "You.. you are a physicist. You won the Prize, didn't you?"

Benford is silent for a few moments, then, evenly, "I am who you say, though much changed from then. And I carry two passports... though if we're weighing sins, it's academic. The United Kingdom and the United States are often complicit in each other's plots."

Santiago seems to ignore all of this. "You were paralyzed," he whispers. His eyes flicker to Saint Daeth, whose cold, pale face stays impassive. Then he looks back at Benford. "What miracle is this?"

Morgan stands, resting a hand on the table. "Benford and I have something in common. Neither of us believed in a higher power, or miracles. And then... we each had a visit on the road to Damascus. We were called to greater things - and to perform miracles of our own on His behalf." He glances to the window. "Some would say it would _take_ a miracle to get the cartels out of Mexico, and to build a better country in their place. Well... here we are."

The suspicious, educated mind is willing to accept miracles. But faith only carries one so far. "Is there... something you can show me?" he asks, still in awe, but also clearly more interested in believing his own eyes than much else.

Morgan glances at Benford, and nods. When he turns back to face Santiago, a golden circle-within-a-circle glows upon his brow.

Benford closes his eyes for a moment, willing his caste mark alight - the half-disc of the Twilights.

"Santa Mue....." The name that first escapes the lawyer's lips is not that of the Virgin, though he does cross himself furiously. His face expresses a storm of swirling emotional shifts and confusion, but he does settle in at last. "Gentlemen," he says. "I believe in you. What must we do?"

Benford smiles, as the illumination fades, and removes a thick manila folder from his briefcase. "That's what we'd like to discuss with you."